the bird	PERSON heard some chirping . She saw a pretty bird sitting outside her window ! The bird sang and sang all day . PERSON decided to buy a bird feeder so the bird would come back . She enjoyed listening to the pretty tone every day !	PERSON 's pet bird sat on the back of the couch . PERSON was sitting down to start eating her bowl of soup . She took her eye 's off the bird to begin eating her dinner . Suddenly the bird flew off and splashed right into her bowl of soup ! PERSON learned to always watch her bird very closely !	One day Sue heard a loud bang from her front room . She looked out the window . A bird had flown into the window and knocked itself out . She put the bird in a box so a cat would n't eat it . After an hour the bird flew away like nothing had happened .	When I was a child , I was in my grandma 's yard trying to catch a bird . Grandma said you will never catch an adult bird . I devised a trap out of a box , a stick and a string . I put bread crumbs under it , pulled the string and caught a bird . I went in to show grandma I caught a bird .	A bird flew in through an open window . It flew all around inside and scared many people . A man tried to catch the bird with a net . The little bird was too quick for the man . The bird flew back out the window and escaped .	PERSON was playing outside . All of the sudden , a bird decided to perch on his shoulder . PERSON was excited and took a picture with the bird . The bird suddenly flew away . PERSON realized that the bird defecated on his shoulder .	My mom bought a bird when I was six . It was the meanest bird ever . It would purposely fly out of the cage to attack me . I assumed it would die in a few Year 's . But after 19 Year 's I 'm convinced it 's gon na live forever .	While PERSON was out walking in the woods she saw a hurt bird . She decided she should help it . She picked it up and brought it home . PERSON took great care of it and the bird got better . PERSON took the bird outside and it flew back home again .	PERSON was walking home from school when he saw the strange bird . It was hidden in a potted plant in front of the grocery store . It had an injured wing . PERSON 's dad picked the bird up and took it to the vet . The vet thanked them because they had saved the life of a rare bird .
sunglasses	PERSON thought he was cool . He walked into a building . He did n't take his sunglasses off . All the students got jealous . PERSON started a new craze .	PERSON designed some new sunglasses . She showed her idea to a friend . Her friend took a picture . Her friend posted the picture on the internet . Somebody made glasses from the picture on the internet .	PERSON was going to Target to buy home supplies . She saw the dollar section and decided to browse . She found toys and things for kids to enjoy . She decided to buy a pair of the sunglasses for niece and nephew . PERSON was certain the kids would love them .	PERSON was on a trip to the beach . Then she realized she had forgotten her sunglasses ! She was unhappy and angry that she had to lay out in the sun . She spent the afternoon grumbling about the sun in her eyes . On the way home , she saw the glasses had been in her visor all along !	PERSON was at work with a Migraine . She did n't have much sick time so she stayed at work . Her friend came and told her to try wearing sunglasses . PERSON knew the light made it worse , but she had no sunglasses at work . PERSON was overjoyed when her friend allowed her to wear her sunglasses .	PERSON did n't like the sun . She wore black sunglasses everywhere she went . Her new boyfriend who liked her eyes asked her to remove her glasses . When she did , the sun suddenly bathed her face with warmth . She was so surprised to like it , she threw her sunglasses away .	My wife babysat her 22 month old grandnephew PERSON today . PERSON was very active and ran around a lot . She gave him her sunglasses to play with . PERSON broke her sunglasses . Luckily it was a cheap pair .	PERSON spent a lot of time on his speed boat at the lake . He dropped his sunglasses in the lake when the boat was docked . He was upset because the sunglasses were very expensive . After a long drought the lake water level dropped . PERSON found his expensive sunglasses in the mud at the dock .	PERSON had been blind since birth , but things were changing for her . Doctors were giving her a new surgery to restore her sight . The long operation was risky , but it worked in the end ! PERSON cried as she stepped into the sun for the first time . The next day she bought her first pair of sunglasses !
yard sale	Frank had always been a bit of a hoarder . He valued his possessions and never wanted to get rid of them . But his wife thought the house was too cluttered . She insisted on holding a yard sale . It was hard for PERSON to let go , but he tried to enjoy the new start .	I went to the first yard sale of the season . They had a few good finds there . I found a nice trinket for my office . My daughter found a few toys . It was a decent sale .	I have too much stuff ! I really need to get rid of some things . I just posted an ad . I 'm having a yard sale . It will be good to have more space .	Sue needed extra money . She decided to have a yard sale . She cleaned out her garage and closets . She found a lot of old stuff to sell . She made over $ 500 at her yard sale .	PERSON loves to look at yard sales . She woke up early on Saturday to go see some . She found an antique dresser for her bedroom . She loves the dresser in her bedroom . Next weekend she will see if she can find a matching mirror .	Six year old PERSON liked going to neighborhood yard sales . One day he decided to have a yard sale of his own . He picked out some old toys he no longer played with . He put the toys on the lawn next to a big sign he had drawn . Several children stopped to look , but no one bought anything .	We are having a yard sale on Saturday . There is a lot of stuff to get rid of . We are going to have to start early . If not we wo n't get everything put out for sale . PERSON said I can keep the money from the sale .	PERSON wanted to get rid of some of her old items . She decided to put on a yard sale . She got her stuff together outside . Many people came to buy things . She made a thousand at the end of the day .	PERSON was working in his shop and decided he had way too much stuff . While looking through his tools he realized he did not all of them . So he decided to have a yard sale . PERSON made signs and put them up in his neighborhood . The yard sale was a huge success and he has plenty of extra space .
haunted house	Kia 's friends invited her to a haunted house . She agreed to go , but had low expectations . She doubted she 'd actually be scared . Surprisingly , though , the house was very spooky ! Kia had to admit she was pleasantly surprised .	PERSON wanted to set up a haunted house for the neighborhood kids . He bought cheap decorations and decorated his lower floor . Then he invited the younger neighborhood kids and their parents . To his surprise , they really enjoyed it ! Each of them told PERSON what a great job he had done .	PERSON was making a haunted house for Halloween . She put up scary decorations . Then she hired her friends to help . They dressed up and jumped out to scare visitors . PERSON 's haunted house was a big success !	Ivy 's friends dared her to go into the old haunted house in town . Ivy was afraid , but she did n't want to show it . Laughing nervously , she said she would go . They watched as she crept in through the broken window . Ivy felt good that she had proved how valiant she was !	PERSON was excited to go to his first Halloween haunted house . He persuaded his parents to let him go on the scariest tour . PERSON clung to his mom as they went through the haunted house . He was so relieved when he finally saw the exit door . Outside , a man with a chainsaw was waiting to give one last fright .	PERSON moved into a new house . He kept hearing noises . He thought it was ghosts . PERSON asked specialists to check into it . PERSON was never satisfied with the answer .	PERSON and his friends went to a haunted house on Halloween . They paid to get their tickets . They then waited in line for 30 minutes . When it was their turn , they went in the house and enjoyed themselves . They laughed and giggled and drove home .	Sue goes to a haunted house with her friends . Sue has never gone to one before . She was scared and held hands with her friend . She made it in for 5 minutes before she quit . She ran out the house .	PERSON is easy to scare . She liked Halloween for that reason . She chose to go to a haunted house with friends . She was scared throughout . Her screams were amusing to everyone else .
PERSON plays basketball	PERSON was determined to make his basketball team this year . Last year he got cut from the team . PERSON practiced playing pickup games all summer long . PERSON also grew 3 inches since last year . PERSON was so glad when he made the team this year .	PERSON is trying to learn more about American culture . One of his friends recommends that he tries playing basketball . At first , PERSON finds it very difficult . Eventually he learns more about how to play . PERSON is glad he learned about American culture through basketball .	PERSON decides that he wants to play basketball . He puts on athletic clothing and drives to the basketball court . At the court he meets a group of people to play with . PERSON has a great day playing basketball . He is glad that he played basketball .	PERSON calls her friend PERSON to play basketball . They decide to meet in LOCATION LOCATION . PERSON is sure she will win . But PERSON has been practicing . PERSON beats PERSON at basketball .	PERSON was waiting nervously for his basketball game to start . Once the game started he was no longer nervous . PERSON scored twenty points in the first half and ten in the second . PERSON 's team won the game . PERSON was named MVP of the game .	PERSON got a new basketball . He drove to the park to shoot some hoops . He played a game of pickup basketball . PERSON scored 30 points that game . Afterwards , he went home to take a shower .	PERSON and his friends are bored on a weekend day . They are all coming up with ideas of what to do . PERSON asks his friends if they wan na go play basketball . They all agree to the idea . PERSON and his friends go and play basketball .	PERSON was playing basketball with his friends . He went up for a slam dunk . PERSON won the game for his team . After the game , PERSON shook the hands of his opponents . The other team thought PERSON was very sportsmanlike .	PERSON 's parents tell him he should take up a sport to stay busy . He decides he wants to try basketball . PERSON practices with his father before the season starts . PERSON plays very well in the first game of the season . He is happy that he decided to play basketball .
giving up	I wanted to give up on work this morning . Nothing seemed to be happening . I kept accepting work , but having to return it . I went and laid down on the bed for a minute . That 's when all the work started showing up at once .	PERSON finished her research paper . She sent it to her teacher and deleted the document after . A few minutes later , she got a reply from her teacher . He told her to re edit the document . Since she deleted it , she accepted an F for the grade .	PERSON always dreamed of being a professional wrestler . He practiced every chance he got . Unfortunately he got his girlfriend pregnant in high-school . PERSON was forced to get a job to support them . He kept watching professional wrestling on television .	PERSON was on a long hike . She had promised herself ice cream if she finished the hike . She tried pushing herself as far as possible . Still she soon felt worn out and wanted to give up . Considering the length left , she decided to bail and go home .	PERSON bought a space heater from a store . But is smelled of chemical fumes . She thought the would go away . But two weeks later there were fumes every time she used it . PERSON decided she could no longer use the space heater .	PERSON wanted to be have the highest grade in class . He was poor and had a bad home life . Another student was rich and had tutors to help . PERSON tried to study as much as possible but it was n't enough . It was one of many times he had to give up his pursuits .	PERSON was invited to go to a Movie with a group of kids . She was invited by her crush PERSON . She thought PERSON liked her and wanted her there . When she arrived he was there with another girl . PERSON finally realized her and PERSON were not meant to be .	I had a stroke in 2011 . I survived with hemiparesis . We visited friends in December of 2012 . My friend encouraged me to keep exercising to overcome hemiparesis . I told him I had given up , saddening my daughter .	I did n't want to give up on the relationship . I did n't know what to do when she was so angry . She never called me anymore . So I told her we should end the friendship . She hung up , unperturbed .
mouse	PERSON opened her dresser . She saw a mouse jump out . PERSON shrieked and jumped onto a chair . She waited till her husband came home . She was still waiting on the chair .	A woman found a mouse in her kitchen . She was very afraid . She grabbed a broom . She swung the broom . The mouse dodged the broom .	There was a mouse in my house . I set mouse traps with cheese . The mouse would not come out of the walls . I called pest control . They safely removed the mouse .	PERSON needed a new computer mouse . So he went to the computer store . He found a nice mouse . He bought the nice mouse . PERSON no longer needed a mouse .	The cat chased the mouse . The mouse ran under the couch . The cat meowed at the couch . The owner lifted up the couch . The cat caught the mouse .	One day when I was little I saw a mouse . It was trapped in a big goldfish bowl . The bowl was glass so the mouse could not climb out . I told my mother . She drowned the mouse in hot water .	We lived in a housing project . The place had mice . One day I saw mouse eating bread on the table . I hit the mouse on the head with a hand broom . I was glad to get rid of this pest .	PERSON heard rumbling in his home . He followed the sound around the house . He determined it was mice . He set up mouse traps . He killed the mice and no longer heard mice in his home .	PERSON worked very hard online . He worked from home . He wanted to be able to work faster . He decided his mouse was slowing him down . He bought a unique mouse and improved his work speed .
berries	The man picked berries . His hands became dyed blue . His wife saw his hands . His wife asked what had happened . He showed her the berries he had picked .	PERSON saw raspberry bushes in the forest on a hike one day . They were laden with ripe fruit . PERSON went home to get a basket . Then she returned to pick lots of berries . PERSON and her friends feasted on their sweet berries all week !	Aura went to pick blueberries . She took her basket and began to walk the rows . She plucked the juiciest berries . Then she went home to enjoy her bounty . Aura snacked on her berries for a week !	PERSON and her mother decided to make blueberry pie . They went to a local farm . They picked a lot of blueberries . They worked hard to make the pie . It was delicious .	I was hiking . I saw some wild berries . I did n't know if they were safe to eat . I tried a few anyways . I ended up in the emergency room .	PERSON loved foraging for wild herbs and mushrooms . One day he found a group of berries that were blue . He took the berries home and showed them to his mother . His mother informed him that the berries were poisonous . PERSON felt very lucky he did n't try any of them .	The couple went searching for berries . They heard noises from their spot . They thought it was another person . They spotted an animal . The animal was eating their berries .	PERSON wanted to eat healthy foods . He also wanted to eat delicious foods . He decided to eat more fruit . He went to the store to buy food . He purchased many types of berries .	PERSON went berry-picking with her friend . They drove to an orchard in the country . There , they picked baskets full of berries . PERSON took hers home and made smoothies for weeks . Her fresh-picked berries were delicious !
cat	I have never been a fan of cats . However , one has found its way to my house . It is grey and white and meows every time I go outside . My car is now covered with paw prints . The cat is a nuisance .	PERSON heard a thud in the middle of the night . PERSON got the baseball bat from the closet . PERSON crept down the stairs , leaving the lights off . Just as PERSON reached the last stair , he saw what made the thud . The cat had knocked over a vase .	I bought a cat . The cat was mean to me . I decided to give up the cat for adoption . But , I realized I loved the cat . I decided to keep the cat even though it was mean .	PERSON loved to feed her cat . She bought the best food for it . She got the food out for the cat . She put it in the bowl . The cat ate the food .	My cat 's name is PERSON . It came home with a bird in its mouth . I ordered the cat to take the bird outside . It did not listen to me . I had to throw the bird out myself .	PERSON bought a new kitten . The kitten would claw and tear the couch to pieces . He decided to have the cat declawed . The cat never let him touch his paws again . The cat also never clawed the couch again .	PERSON had a pet cat he kept outdoors . PERSON was lonely walking home from school alone every day . His cat started meeting him halfway . They walked back together . PERSON no longer felt lonely .	Our cat nudged me for his food this afternoon . I gave her some cat food . A few minutes later she nudged me again . I put some different food in , but she left . I think she was looking for my wife , whom she favors .	PERSON wanted to get a cat . She decided to go to the pound to find one . And adorable black cat caught her eye . The associate told her that black cats do n't often get adopted . PERSON ignored superstitions and brought her new friend home .
bike	PERSON went to a garage sale . He 's been needing a bike for a while . He saw the person was selling one . They allowed him to try it out . He bought it	PERSON was an avid cyclist . He wanted to take a long road trip with his bike . He packed his bags and began riding . He had fun exploring the state . He had a unique and wonderful experience while cycling the state .	PERSON was about to turn five years old . All the kids in his neighborhood had a bike but him . PERSON asked his parents if he could please have a bike as well . Finally the day of his birthday party came . PERSON was so excited because he got the bike he always hoped for .	My friend bought a new motorcycle . He took it down a steep hill . He hit a bump that sent him flying . My friend fell on the ground with the motorcycle . He got back up like nothing ever happened .	PERSON was riding his bike quickly to get to work . The sun was directly in his eyes and made it difficult to see . He heard a honking horn and slammed on his breaks . He flipped over the handlebars but fortunately landed on grass . PERSON walked away with only a few scratches .	PERSON wanted a new hobby . He bought a bicycle . He took the bicycle to the nearest trail . He had a lot of fun riding the trail . PERSON knew he had found his new hobby .	PERSON wanted to go bike riding . But when he opened his garage , he could n't find his bike . He went to drive to the bicycle shop . But he noticed someone riding a bike that looked like his . But PERSON was too scared to the confront the person riding it .	Our daughter went to buy a bike for her 2-year old daughter . The cost of the bike was $ 60 . It cost $ 50 if ordered online for pickup . She went online and ordered the bike while in the store . She was able to pick up the bike for only $ 50 .	PERSON was a 13 year old boy who loved riding his old bike . His mother bought him a new bike for Christmas . PERSON rode it everywhere . Two weeks after Christmas someone stole his bike . PERSON was very sad to have his new bike stolen .
garage sale	PERSON was downsizing to a smaller house . However , PERSON knew she could not take all the items with her . PERSON decided to hold a garage sale in her neighborhood . PERSON posted signs advertising for her garage sale on Saturday . PERSON was excited to be holding her first garage sale .	PERSON and PERSON needed money . They decided to have a garage sale . They gathered all their things they did n't want . They set up a wonderful sale . They made a lot of money .	PERSON wanted to by a racing wheel for his computer . But the one he wanted was discontinued . He searched for used ones . And found one at a garage sale . He was happy to buy it for only $ 10 .	PERSON went to a garage sale over the weekend . She discovered something that she thought was very valuable . She bought the item for ten dollars . PERSON took the item to a pawnshop to be appraised . The item was worth 100 dollars and PERSON was very excited .	PERSON was walking to his house . PERSON saw a garage sale . PERSON checked out the items . John found a rare item that he could sell for profit . PERSON had made a thousand dollars in profit .	I felt that my house was too cluttered . I decided to sell some of my items . That weekend , I hosted a garage sale . Alas , only three people bought some of the items . I had no choice but to sell the remaining items to a pawn shop .	PERSON was doing some spring cleaning . He found a lot of things that he did n't use anymore . He decided to have a garage sale . His sister helped him price and set everything up . He ended up making a lot of money from the sale .	PERSON was really short on money . She was trying to come up with extra money . Someone suggested a garage sale . She decided that was a great idea . She made lots of money !	PERSON cleaned out her garage and found a bunch of junk . She realized she does n't need half of the stuff she has . PERSON decided to have a garage sale . She sold over all of the stuff that she did n't want . She ended the day with a clean garage and over two hundred dollars .
the ball	PERSON was playing with his ball in the house . His mom came over and told him to stop . Once she went away , PERSON continued to throw the ball in the air . Suddenly , he missed his catch and the ball hit a lamp , which broke . PERSON got in trouble for not listening .	PERSON 's brother PERSON hit PERSON in the face with a baseball . PERSON had n't meant to hit PERSON . PERSON was crying and holding her face . PERSON was afraid he really hurt her . She removed her hand and they could see her eye was swollen .	PERSON was an athletic toddler . He could throw a ball like a much older kid . He enjoyed being outside and playing sports with his dad . His dad signed him up for every sport he could . He gave PERSON a ball and told him to practice every day .	PERSON liked to play sports . He found a ball in his yard . He spent the day kicking it and throwing it . When he was finished playing with it , he put it in his garage . The next day , he got it out and started playing again .	I bought my dog a tennis ball . I threw it across the yard , and she chased it . She caught it just as it reached the neighbor 's yard . She came running back with it in her mouth . She refused to give it back to me .	I had never gone to a military ball before . Last week I finally got a chance . I wore one of the prettiest dresses I own . I did my hair up and accessorized . It was a great and fancy night .	PERSON wanted a ball . PERSON wrote the ball on his Christmas list for LOCATION . LOCATION read the list . LOCATION had his helpers make the ball . PERSON woke up and saw the ball under the Christmas tree .	PERSON was really excited about the Olympics . She 'd watched the soccer team play all week . She took a soccer ball out into the yard to practice . She kicked it all evening until it deflated . She was ready to buy a new one and practice some more !	PERSON bought a beach ball . She took it to the beach . She played volleyball with her friends . She thought she was going to lose . She won near the end of the game .
police	My daughter 's best friend in school was the niece of a cop . He was a beat cop in our neighborhood . He was friendly to our family . One day I saw him handle a domestic incident in our building . He did look very friendly then .	I live in a very small mountain town . There is very little crime out here , and almost no serious crime . I 've seen the cops a few times . Once , there were about 10 of them all with AR-15s . I worry about the small town police becoming a military-minded team .	PERSON was jogging . He was on his way to work . He was stopped by a police officer . The police officer did not believe he was going to work . PERSON was late to work .	PERSON wanted to grow up to be a police officer . She was only eight but was very determined . Her mother came up one day with a present for her . PERSON was curious and excited as she opened the gift . It was a child-sized police officer uniform .	Laby cocked her gun and prepared to enter the house . She heard a noise inside and approached cautiously . She saw a flash as someone ran past the door . She ran in yelling police and to stop running . She saw a man standing with his hands in the air shaking .	I went to my friend 's house . She called the police . She told me I should have known not to contact her . I had known her three years before that . She did not want to make up .	I recently got in trouble with the police for a traffic stop . But what took me by surprise , was how polite the officer was . The news associated with them is they 're very angry and this and that . But he was nice , and even helped me out on a lesser charge . I drove off happily knowing that not all cops are bad .	I did n't make it very far . The local sheriff himself found me . He forced me into his car and took me home . I pleaded with him not to make me go inside . He walked only to the door , then disappeared .	PERSON become a police officer . He was happy because he had been trying to get a job for a while . It took him three Years to become a cop . He now is dedicated to patrolling the streets . He loves his job and gets to protect citizens !
PERSON 's bad luck	PERSON was walking to his job . While walking he slips on a banana peel . PERSON needs assistance getting up . But no one is there to help him get up . Terry just lays on the ground hoping his bad luck ends soon .	PERSON was ready to go fishing . He had been preparing for this day for weeks . PERSON was ready to set sail . PERSON gets into his boat . PERSON notices there is a hole in the boat and ca n't continue fishing .	PERSON is having a bad day . To make things worse now his car is being towed . PERSON heads home hoping his luck will change . At home PERSON learns his girlfriend is leaving him . What a horrible day PERSON had .	PERSON is on vacation in LOCATION LOCATION . He starts to gamble right away at the hotel casino . He begins playing PERSON PERSON and he loses every game he plays . He gets so upset he runs to the ATM to get more money . He loses all that money on slots .	PERSON went to the casino . He played the slots for a few hours until he hit the jackpot ! He was a millionaire and felt extremely lucky ! He decided to play blackjack and win even more . He went all in , but sadly , ended up losing everything .	PERSON was tired of being picked on by her big brother . Her complaints to her parents fell on deaf ears . She decided to get even . Enlisting the help of a friend , she set up a prank which backfired . Luckily , PERSON 's hair will grow back in a few weeks .	PERSON was on the way home from work . He heard a loud bump as he ran over something . He stopped his car and got out . When he looked at what he ran over . It was a nail and his tire was flat !	PERSON was driving to work like any other day . He heard a horrible noise . He got a flat tire . Luckily someone stopped and helped him change it . He took the rest of the day off .	PERSON was a member of the school 's chorus . She had a lead solo in the upcoming event at school . The day of the event , PERSON got a sore throat . The teacher had to give the solo to another student . PERSON was very upset at her bad luck .
dog bite	PERSON was scared of big dogs . On his way to school he had to pass a house with several dogs . He never worried about it because they were locked up in a fence . One day the latch had been left open . The dogs chased PERSON and he never went past that house again .	I was swinging my brother . I got in the way right before he would have hit me . I was pushing his feet . Our dog bit my brother in the calf . My parents got rid of the dog .	Next door to PERSON 's house is the meanest dog ever . Honcho is a huge Rottweiler and everyone is afraid of him . PERSON dropped his ball in the dog 's yard one day . He tried to go get it but PERSON bit his finger off . PERSON did n't bother Honcho 's area anymore .	PERSON went for a walk . She saw a dog that was n't on a leash . The dog ran up to her . The dog bit her ! She is afraid of dogs now .	Our neighbors all get along very well . There was one neighbor though that nobody liked . He had a big dog and he let it run all over the place . One day his dog bit one of the kids . The police were called and the girl was treated at the hospital .	Two kids visited their friend 's house . His friend was n't home . A big dog was in the yard . It ran over to the kids . It bit them right on the hands .	PERSON loved dogs . She saw a dog on the sidewalk today . She decided to pet it . When she did however , it bit her . PERSON was yelling in pain .	PERSON always loved dogs . His grandparents have several dogs at their home . After church one Sunday , PERSON went to visit his grandparents . During the visit , one of the dogs bit PERSON . Now PERSON is timid whenever around dogs .	PERSON was never afraid of dogs . One day he was taking a walk . A large stray dog chased him down and bit his leg . PERSON was severely injured . From then on he became more cautious around dogs .
the job interview	PERSON had an important interview . It was for her dream job ! She practiced her interview skills . She also polished up her resume . PERSON was so excited for her interview !	PERSON was nervous . Today was her big interview . She walked into the office and sat down . She answered all the questions . She left the room feeling great , like she had nailed it .	PERSON arrives at the job interview site . He greets the receptionist then meets the interviewer . PERSON informs the interviewer about his qualifications . The interviewer is extremely impressed . PERSON is hired on the spot for the brand new job .	I was getting ready for a huge job interview . I tried putting on my tie . I could never get it right . I threw the tie out the window . I wore a clip on tie instead .	PERSON had just qualified as a social worker . She applied for a job she did n't think she would get . Within the week she was called in for interview . She was very nervous but answered all the questions that were asked . PERSON was over the moon when she got the job she had always wanted !	PERSON was excited about his job interview . He arrived early , waited with nervous anticipation . In the meeting , his potential new employer , PERSON , was brusque . Deflated , PERSON left , sure he had no chance but later , PERSON called . PERSON apologized , saying he had a toothache , and offered PERSON the job .	PERSON was invited to a job interview . PERSON arrived at the interview and was greeted by the manager . The manager described the job to PERSON and asked him many questions . PERSON confidently smiled and answered all of the questions . At the end of the interview , the manager hired PERSON for the job .	I wanted a new job and decided to look online . I found out my favorite store was hiring . I filled out my application and crossed my fingers . A few hours later the manager called me in for an interview . I went to the interview and was hired immediately .	PERSON had on her best dress and was ready . Today was her job interview for a new job . She had her resume in hand and was waiting to be seen . They called her in and the interview began . She nailed the interview and got the job .
change of plans	PERSON and PERSON wanted to celebrate their sixth anniversary together . They scheduled a babysitter for their twins . They made reservations for a nice restaurant . They got dressed and ready to go out . One of the kids threw up so they had to stay home .	PERSON needs to buy craft supplies to finish a project . She goes to the craft store and picks out her supplies . She stands in line to pay for her items . As she is waiting , a friend steps up behind her in line . She decides lunch with a friend sounds more fun than crafting today .	I tuned in to watch some television shows . However , there were no interesting channels on . Instead of waiting for a good channel to come , I took off the TV . I tried to exercise in the gym . A few friends came and we had a good time .	PERSON did not think her brother would be in the championship . So she scheduled a date with her friend . But then she decided to go to the game . So she cancelled the date . Then she decided not to go to the game .	The vacation had been planned for over a year . A civil uprising occurred while they were en route . They had to change their plans at the last minute . The tour company worked with them to plan a new trip . They ended up in a country they knew nothing about .	PERSON made plans with PERSON to watch a movie on Friday . As soon as he approached the theater , he waited for her . A few hours have passed and she still did n't show up . While building up frustration , PERSON left and visited another friend . They spent the rest of the day playing basketball .	PERSON invited his friends to his house on Friday . When Friday arrived , PERSON totally forgot about his plans . However , he decided to go out to eat . His friends called him since they could n't get into the house . PERSON ignored the messages since he totally forgot about his plans .	The group got together in front of the ice skating ring . When we tried to open the front door , it would n't open . The janitor told us that the place is closed for today . However , PERSON proposed that we should get something to eat . Therefore , I drove everyone to a nearby restaurant .	PERSON is turning seven this week . He wants to visit the space museum for his birthday . His parents promised to take him on his birthday . PERSON saw on television an advertisement for a circus . He convinced his parents to take him to the circus for his birthday .
fair	PERSON wanted to take her daughter to the county fair . Her daughter was eight and PERSON thought she 'd like it . Together they went and rode the rides . Then they played games and ate lots of food ! PERSON was happy that her daughter had indeed enjoyed herself .	Today I am going to the fair . I plan on riding every single ride at least twice . When I finally arrived , I ran straight to my favorite ride . I hopped in line , and anxiously awaited the fun . When my turn came , I strapped myself into the ride and the fun began .	We went to the fair last night . I got to ride on a bunch of rides . We played the carnival games too . My favorite part was the yummy food . I did n't want to leave when it was time .	The family went to the fare . They saw a goat . The girl wanted to pet it . The dad asked for permission . Permission was denied to pet the goat .	PERSON was very excited to attend her local county fair . She decided that she was most looking forward to eating a funnel cake . When she got to the fair , she looked far and wide for the cakes . To her dismay , there were no cakes to be found . PERSON had to settle with eating deep fried Oreos , instead .	PERSON decided to go to the fair . She walked up to the booth to buy tickets . They only took cash . She did n't have any cash , only a debit card . PERSON had to go to the ATM .	PERSON wanted me to go to the fair one year . It was very crowded so I did n't really want to go . He insisted that I should go so I regretfully went . The fair was alright but I did n't enjoy it too much . After a few more hours I got more adjusted and loved it !	Kia went to the fair with her parents . She was twelve and thought she would be bored . But she ended up very surprised . The animals , rides , and games thrilled her . Kia actually had a great time !	PERSON was at the fairgrounds . She was eating a lot of food including sweets and burgers . She started to feel odd getting onto the ferris wheel . Her worst nightmare happened . She threw up all over the people down below !
pulled over	The cop pulled me over . I asked him to please not give me a ticket . He asked for my license . He came back with my license . Luckily he just gave me a warning this time .	PERSON frowned when the police lights appeared behind him . He fumed as he pulled over , knowing he had done nothing wrong . As the officer approached , PERSON simmered , preparing for an argument . The policeman merely told him his license plate was about to fall off . Chagrined , PERSON accepted the cop 's offer of a screwdriver to secure it .	PERSON was driving home from the bar . He got pulled over by a cop . He was nervous thinking he was in trouble . The cop told him his tail-light was broken . PERSON promised to get it fixed .	PERSON and the girls went driving at night by the beach . The girls unfortunately got pulled over . PERSON opened her window to see a cop . The cop was good looking and pulled them over to hit on them . Fortunately he asked her out	PERSON was driving to work . He got pulled over by a cop . PERSON asked why . The cop mentioned a busted tail light . PERSON agreed to fix it and only got a warning .	PERSON was pulled over . At first she freaked out . It never happened to her before . But she was pulled over because the cop thought she was cute . PERSON was relieved .	PERSON was driving only five miles above the limit . All the sudden she got pulled over . When she saw the cop she was awestruck . He was very beautiful . Thankfully he let her go with a warning .	I was driving to my friends house one day . While driving on the road , I saw flashing lights . I pulled over and cops walked to my window to my surprise . They told me I was speeding and I apologized . They gave me a warning and then let me go .	I was in such a hurry to my appointment . Driving on the highway I was going 20 over the speed limit . I saw a cop and tried to slow down . It was too late , he turned his lights on and pulled me over . I got a $ 50 ticket and was late to my appointment .
PERSON gets a dog	PERSON wanted to get a dog . He went to a pound to find a puppy . PERSON picked out a small puppy . He brought the puppy home and gave him some water to drink . PERSON was happy to have a dog .	PERSON loved dogs , and always played with his friends ' dogs . Eventually PERSON wanted a dog of his own . PERSON went to a pet adoption center and began browsing . He spotted the cutest dalmatian he had ever seen , and adopted it . PERSON and his dog are now best friends , and they play every day .	PERSON is out doing some shopping one day . She decided to stop by a clothing store in the mall . As she leaves the store she sees a dog in the window of a pet shop . She decides to go inside and look around . She falls in love with the dog and takes him home .	PERSON was a boy . PERSON needed a friend . PERSON 's parents got him a dog . He loved that pet like his friend . PERSON did n't need any friends his dog was his best friend .	PERSON had always wanted a pet . He decides to get a dog . PERSON takes her dog on a walk every day . His dog is the perfect pet . PERSON is happy he got a pet .	PERSON always wanted his own dog . One day he decided to go to the pet store to get a dog . PERSON picked out a beagle . At first the beagle was shy and nervous . Eventually PERSON and his dog became very close .	People at school find PERSON weird . Due to his weirdness he has no friends . PERSON is very sad because he has no friends . One day , PERSON goes home and finds his mom bought a dog . PERSON and the dog become best friends !	PERSON decides he wants to have a dog . He goes to a dog pound to find a puppy . PERSON adopts a young black puppy . He is very excited to bring the puppy home . PERSON is glad he got a dog .	PERSON was a sad boy . He never had any real friends . One day sitting in the park all alone . A dog shows up and lays beside Benji . PERSON takes his new dog home .
making dinner	PERSON and her grandma were going to cook dinner together . Grandma wanted to make salmon croquettes . PERSON measured out and poured the ingredients into the bowl . She mixed it all together with her hands . PERSON felt like a big help as she watched grandma fry the croquettes .	Growing up my parents always made or bought me dinner . I never had to cook for myself . Now I 'm moving in with my girlfriend . She works during the day and expects me to cook for us . I have been quietly learning recipes online during each day .	I asked to help PERSON with dinner tonight . I helped make meat balls . I ground the meat with my hands . It was squishy and fun ! I made such a big mess I had to take a bath !	Last night I tried to cook dinner for my family . I decided on an easy stew and mashed potatoes . The stew boiled over and nearly burned down the kitchen . The potatoes were burned on the outside and frozen on the inside . So we ordered pizza instead .	Jarred loved to cook . He really loved cooking for people as well . He was cooking for his family tonight . He worked long and hard to make a great meal . Everyone loved it and had seconds .	I did n't know what to make for dinner last night . There were n't many options in the refrigerator . I wound up ordering Chinese food instead . It did n't solve the refrigerator problem . At least I 'm full now .	PERSON never cooked dinner . He thought he would surprise his girlfriend . He looked up online how to cook a fancy dinner . PERSON only messed up small parts of it . His girlfriend loved the gesture .	PERSON decided to make dinner one night . She was not a great cook , so came up with a simple recipe . PERSON was first to try it , and he said it came out great . PERSON reluctantly tried it and expected the worse . The meal actually came out good and they both enjoyed it .	PERSON never knew how to cook . He just recently started living on his own . He tried to cook dinner for the first time . He did better than he expected . It motivated him to cook more .
beach day	PERSON went to the beach on Saturday to get a tan . He found a sunny spot close to the water . PERSON fell asleep lying in the sun . As he slept the tide came in . PERSON was soaked by the crashing waves .	The sun was out and it was finally a warm day to go to the beach . PERSON and her friends packed up their car to go play at the beach . They drove to the beach and sang in the car the whole way . They laid out in the sun on their towels and played in the ocean . The all had the best day at the beach and will plan to go again .	PERSON spent the day at the beach with his friends . They surfed and played volleyball for several hours . No one remembered to bring sunscreen . Oscar got a painful sunburn all over his upper body . He vowed never to come to the beach without sunscreen again .	Priya is enjoying an afternoon at the beach . She starts by scouting for seashells . Then she sets up a spot under her umbrella . She relaxes as she watches the waves roll in . PERSON 's favorite is the sunset over the water .	Last week we had a beach day . It was great . I was really looking forward to it . When we went it was very hot . I jumped in right away .	Today I took my dog to the beach . We sat in the sand and enjoyed the sun . I threw a frisbee down the sand . My dog ran quickly to fetch it . We enjoyed our beach day .	The PERSON family drove to the beach for a fun and relaxing day . The kids swam in the water for hours as the parents watched . When it was time to go home , they called the kids to come to shore . The kids dried off and gathered their stuff . The family headed home after a fun filled day .	It was the perfect day to go to the beach . We got everything together and loaded it into the car . It was about a year since we 've been there last . Everyone was excited and could n't stop talking all the way there . The sun was bright , the sand hot , the water was cool , it was great .	The PERSON family woke up early to go to the beach . Once they arrived , they sat their stuff down and went for a swim . The kids built sand castles on the shore . The family also collected shells . Later , they packed their beach supplies and headed home to rest .
PERSON 's day off	It was PERSON 's day off . He took a relaxing stroll to the beach . While there , he took pictures of the waves on the shore . He even got a photo of a passing boat . PERSON felt much more refreshed when he went back to work .	PERSON enjoys relaxing on his day off . PERSON 's son comes over to visit on his day off . His son and daughter in law are fighting the whole time . PERSON is very stressed out and unhappy about the situation . PERSON 's wife calms the two down and they leave shortly after .	PERSON was the hardest worker at the mill . While other workers would take Sunday off , PERSON always worked . One Sunday , PERSON decided he needed a day off too . He had a great day fishing and eating fried cheese curds . From that day on , PERSON decided he would always take Sunday off .	PERSON had an unexpected day off of work . The weather was supposed to be windy and rainy . So PERSON decided to stay home and watch movies all day . Unfortunately the wind knocked out the cable . So she wound up reading instead .	PERSON woke up late for school . He jumped out of bed , but it was too late to catch the school bus . He ran all the way to school as fast as he could . When he arrived , he was puzzled to see that the schoolyard was empty . PERSON laughed when he realized that it was Saturday .	PERSON finally got a day off from work yesterday . He woke up early in the morning to get a head start . He went to visit his sister for breakfast . They talked for a long time about the weather . PERSON was really glad to see his sister that day .	It was PERSON 's day off from work . He took the day off to go see the baseball game . He drove to the baseball stadium . He waited in his seat for hours . The game was delayed due to rainy for 2 hours .	It was raining hard in PERSON 's area . She was on her way to work . The road in front of her was flooded . There was no other way for her to get to work . PERSON called her boss to say she could n't go in .	In the 10th grade , PERSON decided to skip school without leaving campus . She hid in the journalism room through the first half of the day . During lunch , she went out to the central campus . She sat there , talking with friends before hiding in the agri building . She stayed until her dad went to work , then she walked home .
new headphones	I broke my old earbuds by dropping them . For once I decided to buy a nicer pair of earbuds . The pair I purchased cost twice as much as my old pair . I could n't detect any difference in sound quality . They lasted a year or two and then I went back to my old brand .	PERSON loved listening to music . He always used the headphones that came with his phone . A friend advised him to get better headphones . PERSON searched for a reasonably priced pair . He was blown away by the difference in sound .	I needed some new headphones . I saw them at the store for nine dollars . The cashier insisted that they were fifteen dollars . I got the manager . The manager gave me the headphones for nine dollars .	PERSON wanted a new pair of headphones . They were really expensive due to their brand name . So she saved for months . Finally she was excited to buy the headphones . She was disappointed at the quality upon them out .	PERSON keep losing her headphones . So her mom bought her a new pair . Unfortunately she lost those too . PERSON was so mad . She needed to keep a better eye on them .	PERSON 's job required her to wear headphones all day . One day her headphones quit working . She had to quickly purchase a new pair so she could continue working . When the new pair arrived she soon found that they hurt her ears . PERSON carefully selected another pair that would better fit her ears .	Last week I was on the search for the perfect set of headphones . My earbuds were broken so I needed some sturdy headphones . I searched everywhere for the perfect pair but could n't find any . Luckily I stopped at Best Buy . Thankfully there I found the best pair .	PERSON needed a new pair of headphones . He went to the store and tried on different ones on display . He asked the workers about their preferences . After checking reviews he bought them online through his phone . They arrived at his house shortly after he did .	PERSON bought some new headphones . She had loved them . PERSON took them everywhere . Finally they broke . She had to buy some more .
art	PERSON was an aspiring artist . She tried to get her art published in the art museum . For ten Years she painted and got rejected . She finally decided to draw from her heart , and she published it . The art gallery accepted her painting , and she was very happy .	PERSON loved comic books . His favorite part was the artistry and colors on each page . He decided that he wanted to learn to draw . It was n't easy at first . After many months of practice , however , his skills improved .	Art loved video games , and he was great at them ! But his mom nagged him , saying video games would n't pay the bills . Art decided he could prove her wrong . After college , he went to work as a video game tester . And sure enough , he paid the bills - by playing video games !	PERSON wanted to be an artist . He drew portraits of his friends all the time . He later on started putting it online . He started getting a lot of exposure and people wanted to pay him . Now he makes a legitimate living off art .	PERSON went to an art gallery . He enjoyed all of the unique sculptures on display . He particularly enjoyed one piece . He saw a woman admiring the same piece . They got to chatting and became good friends .	There was an artist named PERSON . He was trying to become famous . He would paint every day to practice . One day , someone finally noticed him . The word began to spread and his work became famous .	PERSON has been working on a mural at her office . Today , she was hoping to finish it . When she got there she was shocked . It had been vandalized . PERSON was very upset .	PERSON was looking forward to sketching in art class . But when she got there she was disappointed . They were doing painting instead of sketching ! But PERSON decided to try it anyways , and she was surprised . She found that she liked painting even better than sketching !	PERSON went to a art school . She loved all of her classes . She had always wanted to a be an artist . One day she submitted her art in a contest . She won 2nd place !
socks	PERSON had a favorite pair of socks . They were high socks in a rainbow pattern . One day , she could only find one rainbow sock . She searched high and low for the missing sock . After an hour , she found it in the closet .	PERSON needed new socks . She knew a discount store near her sold socks . She walked there . She found great socks . She bought new socks .	PERSON was doing laundry . She washed everything and dried it . But as she went to put everything away she noticed something . As usual , many of her socks were missing their mates ! PERSON decided to hand-wash her socks from now on !	I buy my socks in pairs . Yet , I always lose one in the wash . I end up having to wear mismatched socks . My boss does n't like my socks to mismatch . I need to buy more or stop washing them .	PERSON was wearing his lucky socks . He did not want to take them off . He was afraid to lose his good luck ! But after a week , his feet smelled awful . His mom made him change the socks .	LOCATION loved to knit . He made socks for each of his siblings . They were so happy to receive the socks . They wore them every day . LOCATION felt accomplished because they had loved his socks .	PERSON wanted to buy a new pair of socks . All of his existing pairs had holes in them . PERSON picked up a pack of fresh wool socks . When he put them on he was amazed at the comfort . He had not bought new socks in almost a decade .	PERSON was running late for school one day . He saw that he had no clean socks . Having no time to wash any , he asked his sister for help . She borrowed him a pair of her socks . PERSON had to go to school wearing girl 's socks !	PERSON was getting dressed for work one day . PERSON noticed his socks had holes in them . PERSON decided to buy new socks . PERSON drove to the store . PERSON bought new socks to replace his old socks .
hamburger	PERSON was hungry , but did n't feel like going out . He looked in his freezer and saw some hamburger meat . He got out the meat and started cooking it . After it was done , he got out some bread and condiments . With his fresh burgers , he ate dinner and watched a movie .	Sue made herself a hamburger . She sat down on the couch and took a few bites . She ran upstairs to grab her phone . When she came back , her hamburger was gone . Her dog had eaten it off the plate .	PERSON went in a fast food restaurant to order a cheeseburger . The line was very long so he played a game on his phone . When it was his turn , he ordered the meal . But he was told that there was no cheese left that day . He chose a regular hamburger but he did n't like it at all .	PERSON put a hamburger on the barbecue . She went inside while the hamburger cooked . She came back outside to check on the hamburger . The hamburger was gone ! Down the street there was a dog eating a hamburger .	I just arrived in LOCATION . My friend said I should try a hamburger . I was skeptical but I agreed . We went to a diner and bought two hamburgers . They were delicious and I ordered another one !	The man made himself a hamburger at work . He ate the hamburger . His boss saw him eat it . The man was supposed to have paid for it . The man got in trouble .	PERSON waited and waited . She was in line to buy a hamburger . The line was moving very slowly . Then it was finally her turn . But the cashier said they were now out of hamburgers !	PERSON bought a book on healthy eating . She bought groceries for one of the recipes . She followed the instructions exactly . The food tasted bland to her . She went out to get a fast food hamburger .	The man opened a hamburger stand . He sold five thousand hamburgers . He invested that money in a new building . He opened a large hamburger restaurant . He sold over a million hamburgers .
beach trip	PERSON and the girls went to the local beach for fun . They loved going to the beach in the summer . They laid out their towels and went in the water . The water was freezing but refreshing . PERSON was thankful he took his friends there .	PERSON and PERSON went to the beach . They were both excited to start their tan . They realized that they had forgotten their sunscreen . Both decided to lay out in the sun anyway . PERSON and PERSON both were bright red at the end of the day .	PERSON wanted to go to the beach . On the way , she stopped and picked up her boyfriend . Once there , they found a secluded spot away from kids playing . Her boyfriend put lotion on her back . After two hours of tanning , they left to have lunch .	PERSON and PERSON had planned a beach trip for the coming weekend . They left Saturday morning bright and early to get a good spot . Upon arriving at the beach they set out a towel and laid down . After a few minutes , a large group of storm clouds appeared . PERSON and PERSON packed up their beach towels and headed back home .	The PERSON family packed the car for their trip to the beach . On the way to the beach they got a flat tire . The father realized that the spare tire was also flat . They called the tow truck driver to come help . They had to go back home without having a trip to the beach .	PERSON had gone to the beach . The waves on the shore were very strong . The lifeguards put up warning flags on the beach . PERSON decided not to swim at the beach . He returned to the beach the next week .	Today our mother took my brothers and me to the beach . We all had a great time playing in the sand . My brother especially enjoyed chasing after and running from waves . After several hours we were all very tired . We fell asleep in the car as our mother drove us back home .	PERSON had never been to the beach . He was dying of cancer . He wanted to go before he died . His friends wanted to take him . Unfortunately they could n't afford it .	PERSON and PERSON went on a weekend trip to a city near the beach . While they were there , they were busy helping PERSON 's grandmother out . PERSON 's grandmother kept them busy most of the weekend . PERSON was sad that they could n't go chill at the beach . At the last minute , PERSON made time to bring her out there !
ghost	PERSON was always interested in the supernatural . He decided to book a vacation to a haunted hotel . PERSON heard footsteps and loud banging outside his room . PERSON opened the door to see nothing there . PERSON checked out early from the hotel .	PERSON was convinced there was a ghost in his house . His mom assured him that ghosts were n't real . PERSON was n't convinced so he decided to set a trap . He heard what he thought was a ghost and tossed a net over it ! Underneath the net was his dad and they both had a laugh about it .	PERSON was sleeping when all of the sudden he heard something . He thought it was a ghost . He screamed for his dad . His dad came running into his room . His dad soothed him and he went back to sleep .	Tim honestly believed in ghosts . His friends ridiculed him because of it . He became upset at their indignation . The realized that his feelings were hurt quickly . They apologized for being so insensitive .	My wife 's nephew lost his father when he was 9 . He was scared of death . One day he was in the hallway of his building . He saw a man who resembled his father . He ran away , thinking he had seen a ghost .	PERSON woke up in the middle of the night . He thought he had heard a noise downstairs . He tried to ignore it , but the noise sounded again . He was too afraid to get up and look . When he awoke , he saw that his cat had knocked over a vase .	Late one night , PERSON thought he saw a ghost in his room . Trembling , he got up to check . He crept over to the ghost . Then he reached his hand out to touch it . He was relieved to see it was just his jacket , hanging up !	We went on a ghost tour . They took us through an area that had activity We did n't see any but we heard some stories . Nothing too scary but it made you really think . So it was a fun interesting experience .	My sister in law 's husband died while a young man . They had three children . The nine year old boy was very sad . One day he saw a man who looked like his father and he got scared . He ran home to his mother , thinking he had seen a ghost .
baking	PERSON was making a cake for her mom 's birthday . She accidently put baking powder instead of flour . The cake overflowed in the oven and made a mess . PERSON did n't know what to do , so she decided to make cookies instead . PERSON 's loved the cookies .	PERSON was making chocolate chip cookies with her daughter . Midway through , they discovered a problem . They were out of chocolate chips ! Then PERSON thought of a substitute . They mixed in chopped nuts instead and made delicious cookies !	Today i decided to bake some cookies . i was looking forward to eat some too . I got distracted and forgot to take them out of the oven in time . All of the cookies were burned ! I was very upset , but decided to do another batch .	PERSON wanted to try her hand at baking . She started with pre-made cookie dough . Pre-made cookies tasted good so she decided to try it from scratch . A breeze came in and turned the page in the recipe book she was using . The cookies were terrible , so she vowed never to bake again .	PERSON loves to cook . She often tries different meals from recipes she reads about . One day she decided to try baking . She discovered she was very good at it . PERSON now bakes for a living .	Young PERSON had always loved watching her grandmother bake . She loved the wonderful sights and smells of the food being made . One day she decided to make cookies all by herself . But when she was finished , the cookies were burnt and misshapen . In spite of that , PERSON was determined she would learn to bake .	PERSON wanted to bake a cake . He did n't know how to bake a cake . He found a recipe on the internet PERSON went to the store to find the ingredients . PERSON baked his first cake .	I decided to bake some bread . First , I put all the ingredients together . After that , I let the dough rise . Finally , I baked the dough into bread . The bread came out delicious !	PERSON and her mother loved to bake . Sunday morning , they both woke up early . They ate breakfast and went into the kitchen to start baking . They made cookies and cake . PERSON and her mother enjoyed their Sunday baking .
time	PERSON was in her 9th period class . Time went by so slowly . The class was social studies , her least favorite subject . She could not pay attention . She ended up doodling until it was time to go .	When I was a kid I wanted nothing more than to grow up . With each year I would impatiently wait to become 20 years old . When I was 20 , I waited impatiently to be 40 . When I was 80 , I was on my death-bed and I wished I was young again . I realized I had forgotten to enjoy the journey .	PERSON bought a new clock . However PERSON could n't tell time . He was very sad . His mother sat him down and explained everything . He was then able to use his new clock .	Tim never seemed to have time for her or the children . Work was always at the forefront of his priorities . One day he woke alone and the blood rushed from his face . There was a note on the dresser and he read it . His work now was all he had .	PERSON and her old friends had been silent for the last part of the day . PERSON wished for nothing more than to go home . She watched the clock as the second hand ticked . Time had never moved more slowly than now . But there was nothing PERSON could do but keep calm , and be patient .	PERSON works at a clock shop . He spends a lot of time watching time tick by . Today , he was watching videos on the job . His boss was n't there . Time ticked by faster for him today	PERSON was groggy but got up on time . He showered and ate and left his house only a little late . PERSON made it to the bus stop and waited . After waiting for 15 minutes he realized he 'd missed the bus . PERSON 's clock was behind an hour .	PERSON was being a bad kid . He was tossing food around . His mom got angry . She gave him time out . She let him back in after a hour .	PERSON was always busy . One week he worked 100 hours . He got so little sleep . By the end he felt terrible . By the weekend , he slept 30 hours .
the olympics	PERSON and PERSON sat down on the couch to watch the Olympic games . First , they saw teams of volleyball players compete . After that , they saw cyclists ride to the finish line . Lastly , they watched swimmers race in the water . PERSON and PERSON decided they would watch the Olympics again .	PERSON decided to buy tickets for the Olympics . She went with her friends . They watched and rooted for their country . Their country won ! They were very happy .	PERSON 's friend was an executive with the Olympic Committee . He got PERSON tickets to any event that he wanted to see . PERSON rode a bus to the Opening Ceremonies with many dignitaries . PERSON got to watch the track and field events from a suite . The closing ceremonies were great , but he was sad when they were over .	We have been watching the olympics on television . My daughter loves the gymnastics team . She has become a little obsessed . She runs around the house doing cartwheels now . I think I may sign her up for classes .	I watched the olympics on television yesterday . There are some very talented people . I watched the men 's gymnastics tournament . I could not believe how flexible they are . The LOCATION team won .	PERSON had been training for the Olympics for years . She was finally accepted ! She completed her routine spectacularly . She won for her country ! She was now famous !	Everyone in town was huddled around their televisions . The Olympics were on and the soccer team was playing for the gold . The team won and everyone cheered . It was a huge upset and they celebrated accordingly . They could n't wait until the next Games !	I went to the olympics in 2012 . I went with some family members . We had a really great time walking around and watching the events . We all thought LOCATION was such a pretty city . We think we 'll go back again next summer .	PERSON was traveling to the Olympics in LOCATION . PERSON is a gold medalist swimmer . When stacy arrived in LOCATION , there was a rat in her hotel room . She called her coach . PERSON 's coach moved her to a new hotel room .
speeding ticket	PERSON was in a hurry to get home . He was going 90 MPH on the highway . He saw red lights flashing behind him . The cop gave him a ticket for 200 dollars . PERSON drove the speed limit for the rest of the way home .	PERSON woke up late one morning . He quickly got ready for work and left his house . He drove over the speed limit in hopes of getting there on time . A cop pulled bob over for speeding . PERSON received a ticket and did not get to work on time .	PERSON was driving home . He got a speeding ticket . PERSON did n't think he was speeding . He fought it in court . The courts found in the cop 's favor .	PERSON loves to drive fast . One day , he drove nearly twice the speed limit . He pulled over when he saw the flashing lights behind him . The officer gave PERSON a small lecture and a huge ticket . PERSON accepted the ticket and drove much slower on the way home .	PERSON was driving to work one day . He was pulled over . PERSON was n't sure why . The cop told him he was speeding . PERSON did n't agree but signed the ticket anyway .	PERSON was running late for a date . So he was driving 60 in a 30 . Instantly he was pulled over by a cop . PERSON always knew flirting with cops could get out of tickets . He now has a date with the backseat of a cop car .	PERSON had to renew his driver 's license . However , to PERSON 's surprise , he had to pay some tickets . What was even more surprising , was the cost of the tickets . PERSON had to pay over $ 2000 in speeding tickets ! PERSON was furious at the price he had to pay for the tickets .	About an hour ago , I was driving in downtown DC . Going through an underpass , I saw a flashing light . I looked down and I was only going 27 mph . However , there is a speed camera there for cars going over 25mph . Now I 'm nervously waiting to see if I 'll get a ticket .	PERSON was late to work . He was in such a hurry that he drove faster than allowed . A police car on the side noticed him and pulled him over . The police officer wrote him a ticket for speeding . This definitely was n't a good start into the day for PERSON .
soccer game	PERSON 's son was playing his first soccer game today . So PERSON wanted to have a big party after . PERSON got ribs because that was his son 's favorite . PERSON went to his son 's game and his son won . After PERSON cooked ribs on the grill and his son enjoyed them .	PERSON 's grandparents were coming to see her play soccer . She was worried because she was not very good . PERSON practiced all week in preparation for her big game . Her grandparents came to see her . PERSON 's practice helped her to be the one to score the winning goal .	PERSON is part of the school soccer team . He was never the best player . Last summer he trained very hard to become better at it . At the last soccer game he scored 3 goals . Because of his good performance they won the game .	PERSON is a avid LOCATION soccer fan . PERSON knew that LOCATION was going to play LOCATION today . PERSON decided to find a local bar to watch the soccer game at . Once PERSON arrived , he was shocked to see how packed it was . PERSON was glad he got to watch the game at the bar .	PERSON and his team were gearing up for the soccer game . PERSON was very nervous . As he got on the field it was a close game . Both teams vied for the winning point . Luckily PERSON 's team won .	PERSON 's soccer team was playing a game during playoff game . They had been training extra hard during practice . The teams were about evenly matched but the opponents played well . The other team was able to maintain control of the ball more . The opponents scored in the second half and won the game .	PERSON had a huge soccer game today . She was incredibly nervous . When lily got on the field she was shaking . Luckily her team ended up winning . She got nervous for nothing .	PERSON was excited to watch her first soccer game . Her dad took her to the stadium to watch the game . The ate hot dogs and nachos . The seats were at field level . PERSON had a great time .	PERSON had his first soccer game yesterday . He was very nervous . Thankfully his team did great . They won a shiny trophy . PERSON was thrilled .
ice cream	PERSON was lactose intolerant . She still liked ice cream . PERSON went to a party . She ate an ice cream cone . PERSON got sick .	PERSON wanted to get some ice cream . She visited the local ice cream parlor after work . PERSON clumsily dropped her ice cream . She lamented the loss of her precious ice cream . PERSON rejoiced when the cashier offered her another .	PERSON wanted to take his daughter out for ice cream . They got in their car and drove to Dairy Queen . PERSON ordered 2 chocolate sundaes . He paid with cash and left the restaurant . He forgot spoons so they had to wait until they got home to eat .	PERSON bought his daughter an ice cream cone . She bit into it and the scoop fell off the cone . He sighed and ordered her another . She dropped the ice cream again . PERSON took away both empty cones and ate them and they went home .	PERSON was walking around his neighborhood and saw a ice cream store . He decided he wanted too some ice cream . PERSON got a cone with chocolate ice cream . He licked the ice cream . It was a good ice cream .	PERSON won his baseball game and wanted some ice cream to celebrate . He went with his teammates to their favorite ice cream shoppe . John looked at the menu to decide what he wanted . He thought a milkshake would hit the spot . PERSON drank his delicious shake and went home .	PERSON was a father of three beautiful daughters . PERSON wanted to spend more time bonding with his kids . PERSON decided to regularly take them out for ice cream . The whole family enjoyed the ice cream visits . PERSON was happy he found a fun way to spend more time with his kids .	After dinner , PERSON decided to go out and get some ice cream . He went to his favorite ice cream parlor , near his house . He looked over the list of flavors and chose a chocolate cone . He sat at the picnic table and enjoyed his dessert . He decided to buy some in a cup to take home for later .	After dinner the kids heard the ice cream truck . They all ran to get their piggy banks . Their parents walked them out to the truck . There was a long line once they got there . They were the last ones to be served .
swim lessons	PERSON was four and did n't know how to swim yet . His family was going to the beach in a few weeks . His father wanted him to know how to swim before they went . PERSON 's mother signed him up for lessons . She could n't believe how quickly he learned !	PERSON wanted to learn how to swim . Her mom signed her up for lessons . PERSON was scared of the water . She did not want to get in the deep end . She finally got brave and learned to swim .	PERSON did not know how to swim . He had gone all his life without knowing how . He wanted to go snorkeling with his marine bio class . He told his professor his predicament . His professor agreed to give him private swim lessons before the trip .	PERSON did not know how to swim . She wanted to take lessons . When PERSON went to the pool she was scared . She was afraid of the water . Yet her instructor helped .	The kids loved swimming . Their mom signed them up for swim lessons . They learned special skills over that week . Soon , they were even better swimmers than they had been ! The kids loved showing off at the pool .	PERSON always wanted to go swimming with friends . He just did n't know how to swim . He asked a friend to help teach him . The friend started him at a pool . Within a month jake swam well enough .	PERSON had a swim lesson . While swimming , PERSON threw up . The pool had to be closed for cleaning . He felt terrible . The next day , he made sure he felt ok before swimming .	PERSON felt bad that she does not know how to swim . PERSON decided that she would sign up for swim lessons . PERSON researched and saw classes offered at her local gym . PERSON was not sure what to expect from the swim class . PERSON was very nervous , yet excited to learn how to swim .	PERSON was with his seven year old son at the pool . His son PERSON had been practicing swimming . When PERSON was n't looking PERSON got onto the diving board . PERSON dove into the pool and calmly swam back to the ladder . PERSON was astonished because he did n't know PERSON could swim so well !
new home	The family was not popular in the neighborhood . They needed a new home . They did not have enough money . They were forced to stay . The neighbors began to make the family 's life miserable .	PERSON wants to move to a new house . His wife PERSON does not want to move . PERSON convinces her to look at a couple new houses . She does not see any that she likes . PERSON refuses to move .	PERSON was looking for a new house . He contacted many realtors but his dream home seemed out of reach . One day he saw an ad in the paper for a custom home builder . He worked with a man and designed his own home . Now PERSON lives happily in a home he helped design and build !	PERSON and PERSON wanted to buy a new house for their growing family . They contacted a real estate agent . The agent helped them find a nice neighborhood with good schools . They found a nice house on a quiet street and bought it . They moved in and enjoyed their new home .	PERSON went to the Orthodontist today . Several dentists were connecting invisible aligners to his teeth . After the procedure was done , they gave him several instructions . They also told him to give special care to the aligners . He thanked them and left afterwards .	PERSON was a stray dog . He was in a shelter for many months . He did n't think he would find a family . One day a woman came to the shelter . She adopted PERSON .	My niece is engaged . She and her fiance are having trouble finding a home . Recently her fiance 's father proposed buying an old church . It is zoned as a home and is selling for $ 115K . She is excited as they can afford the mortgage .	PERSON wanted to move out of his place and find a new home . He was tired of the same old thing day in and day out . He decided that it was time to talk to a real estate agent . The real estate agent put his house on the market . PERSON moved from his old place and got the place he really wanted .	The PERSON lost their house in a storm last month . They considered rebuilding . Most of the family did n't want to live in a stormy area anymore . So they bought a new home elsewhere . Now they feel more safe and secure .
contacts	PERSON put on blue contacts . She looked at herself in the mirror . She thought she looked weird . She replaced the contacts . She thought she looked better in brown .	A man went in for an eye exam . The doctor determined he needed glasses . He had to decide whether he wanted contacts or glasses . The man decided to get contacts because they are easier to remember . He put them on and loved his new vision .	PERSON wanted to wear contacts instead of glasses . He asked his mom if he could try wearing them . She agreed to get him a trial pair . At first it was hard to insert them , but PERSON persevered . Soon he could insert them and wear them comfortably all day !	Art was sick of wearing glasses . He wanted to get contacts , but he was worried . He thought they would be very difficult to put in . His doctor gave him a sample pair to practice with . To his joy , Art found that they were actually pretty easy to insert !	Ivy 's pregnancy was going well . But she noticed something strange . Her contacts were no longer fitting her eyes ! Her optometrist said pregnancy had steepened her corneal curve . Ivy had to order new contact lenses !	PERSON decided to get contact lenses for driving . However , everyone treated her differently without glasses . This made her feel strange . Keep the contacts , or go back to glasses and be true to oneself ? PERSON tossed the contacts , and got her old self back .	The man put in green contacts . He went to a dinner party . Everybody noticed his eyes looked different . He liked the attention . He started wearing different colored contacts every day .	Cad had worn contacts all through high school . Then he got an eye injury and could n't wear his lenses the next day ! He had to wear his glasses , and he feared being mocked . But to his surprise , none of his classmates laughed at all . In fact , many girls told him how cute he looked in his glasses !	PERSON wears contacts . As she was taking them out , she tore one . She had to throw it away . She called her doctor 's office . They gave her a new pair .
sailing	PERSON took her sailboat out one day . The waters were calm at first . But then a storm blew up out of nowhere ! PERSON had to hurry back to shore . She was lucky to make it back before the storm hit .	PERSON was invited to go sailing . She had never been and was a bit fearful . But she agreed to go with her friends . In the end , she had a wonderful day on the water ! PERSON was glad she had taken a chance on a new experience .	PERSON 's dad took him sailing one afternoon . They came across a very small boat which had capsized . They stopped to help the other boat . While they were helping , a huge thunderstorm rolled in . Eventually they righted the boat and towed it to the marina .	Two brothers grew up by the water . They played in the water everyday . When they were 10 their mom bought them a sail boat . They sailed everyday . The two brothers grew up and sailed around the world .	The PERSON family rented a sailboat for the weekend . They were n't avid sailors . However , they were really having a good time . They sailed all over the bay . They all agreed it was a marvelous time .	PERSON and his friend PERSON went sailing on PERSON 's boat . PERSON thought sailing was easy and relaxing . He did n't realize he would have to help . He nearly fell out of the boat , tripping over all the lines . He realized sailing was n't all fun .	Every summer the PERSON family goes sailing . The children , PERSON and PERSON , love it the most . Both girls grew up on the boat and knew how to sail it themselves . Their dream was to one day win the World Cup race together . They worked hard and when they were 23 , they finally did it !	My family and I wanted to go sailing once . We rented a boat and took it to the bay . We sailed for a few hours . When we came back , we ate dinner by the docks . It was a fun day , and I hope we can go again .	PERSON went to the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION with this friends . They chartered a 40 foot sailboat . For a week they sailed all around the islands exploring . They enjoyed snorkeling and dining on fresh lobster . In the end they all agreed that they should do it again some day .
tutor	I hired a tutor to help me with my math class . My teacher gave me a take-home test . I showed it to my tutor but did n't tell him it was a test . He answered all the questions on the test . I received an A in the class .	PERSON was doing badly in school . She worked hard , but struggled to understand the concepts . So she went for tutoring after classes . The tutors helped her grasp the ideas and learn more . Soon her grades had improved drastically !	PERSON 's grades were getting worse and worse as he got older . His parents were very worried about him so they got him a tutor . PERSON told me he hated the tutor but still tried to work with him . One day PERSON said he thinks that the tutoring is working . PERSON 's grades went up by one full letter grade on his next report !	PERSON was failing science class . Her mom hired a tutor for her . Every day the two studied after school . PERSON started to understand more and more . Soon she was getting high grades in her class !	PERSON was an excellent math student His teacher suggested that he become a tutor in his free time . He put his name and some references on the school bulletin board . Soon he had clients from three different schools . All the money he made went into his college fund .	PERSON was having trouble with his math class . He could n't grasp the concepts and was so behind . His parents decided to hire him a tutor . After spending a month with his tutor , he finally managed to catch up . Now PERSON is among the top of the class .	PERSON needed help getting on the starting team . He was worried that he was n't good enough for the team . He asked me for help the next day and I tried to help him out . After I tutored him a bit he asked the coach about the team . The coach tried him out a bit and was impressed !	The little boy was failing math . His mom found a tutor . He made a B on his last test . The tutor continued to help . He ended up with an A on his report card .	PERSON was failing math . Her parents hired a tutor to help her . At first PERSON resented the implication . But the tutor studied with her and helped her quite a bit . Soon PERSON 's grades had improved drastically !
steak	PERSON had always found steak too tough for her liking . Then one day her boyfriend promised to change her mind . She waited curiously as he cooked them both steak and potatoes . As she bit into the steak , she had to admit - it was incredible ! Her boyfriend explained that it was a tender cut called Filet Mignon .	My mom ordered a steak from the restaurant . She requested that be cooked well-done . When the server brought the food out , the steak was still red . Mom sent the steak back and the server was embarrassed . The steak was finally brought back cooked correctly .	PERSON was on a budget and had very little money for food . He loved meat but had to buy very cheap , tough , chewy cuts of steak . Then his mom bought him a Crock Pot and taught him to use it . PERSON started slow-cooking his steaks overnight , and he was amazed . Even the toughest meat cuts became so tender and soft !	PERSON was eating cheezits and slim jims for dinner . His mother told him there were steak and mashed potatoes . PERSON did n't like anything except prepackaged foods . His mother put the steak in a ziploc bag and handed it to him . PERSON then thoroughly enjoyed the steak .	PERSON had invited her boyfriend for dinner . She wanted to cook him a great meal . She cooked up a thick juicy steak . Then she presented it to him , smiling . He said the steak looked better than any steak he had ever seen !	Harry was n't sure what he should do for his wife . She has had a tough week . He wanted to make it special for her . He went to the store and grabbed some steaks . He threw them on the grill and made a romantic dinner for her .	PERSON loved to eat steak . His wife did not like steak . PERSON wanted to get a good steak . He left his wife to go to the steakhouse . Now he is filing for divorce .	PERSON really wanted steak for dinner . He stopped at the grocery store after work and picked one up to cook . As he opened the package at home he smelled something awful . The steak was rotten ! Poor PERSON had to return the steak to the grocery store .	PERSON only ate her steak well done . When she was out to dinner she ordered her steak . The waiter brought it to her and she looked at it . When she cut into it , it was still pink . PERSON felt bad , but immediately sent it back .
bad grade	PERSON was in middle school . He had never made a bad grade before . One day he forgot to study . When he got to class , the teacher gave a pop quiz . PERSON made his first bad grade .	The man gave the boy a grade . The boy did n't like it . The boy complained to the man . The man agreed to change it . The boy still was not happy .	PERSON needed a good grade . She needed it to move up a level . But when she got her test back she failed . She did n't know what to do . She broke down crying .	I got a really bad grade in math . I was afraid to tell my parents . My parents got a phone call from my teacher . They confronted me about my bad grade . Fortunately , they were able to help me study and raise the grade .	PERSON had always made good grades . One day he forgot to study for an exam . When he got to class , he remembered about his test . He tried to skim over his notes , but it was too late . PERSON failed his first exam .	PERSON has always made good grades . One day he forgot to study . When he got to school , he had a pop test . He only knew two answers . PERSON failed his first assignment .	PERSON always made good grades . She was in high school now though . She had a big science test and had been studying hard . She was very anxious about it . When PERSON got her test back she had failed .	PERSON had a test in English . He forgot to study . When he got to class , he was nervous . PERSON was not able to answer any questions . He failed his test .	PERSON had always made good grades . One day he forgot to study for a quiz . When he got to class , he knew nothing . He did the best he could and had to guess . PERSON still failed his quiz .
compromise	PERSON was serious with her piano practice . She woke up two hours before dawn every day . She was very praised by her piano teacher and did n't dare changing . But PERSON was exhausted and just wanted to have fun . She cut down an hour on her practice and played an hour after school .	PERSON and PERSON never agreed on politics . They would argue constantly over who was right about an issue . One day they witnessed a tragedy on the news . Many people died . Because of this PERSON and PERSON found common ground politically .	PERSON 's mother was always exasperated with her . She never made her bed or cleaned her room . PERSON did n't mind the messiness but had to compromise . She did her bed every morning and cleaned her room once a week . Her mother accepted the terms and everything turned out fine .	PERSON always listened to music loudly in his room . His mom wanted him to turn it down . PERSON was mad at his mom for it . His mom gave him a pair of headphones . PERSON and his mom were both happy .	PERSON 's favorite show was on that night . He turned on the tv , and settled in to watch . His girlfriend wanted to watch something on a different channel . PERSON and his girlfriend wanted to reach a compromise . They ended up deciding to go out to the movies instead .	PERSON and PERSON moved to LOCATION LOCATION . PERSON was from LOCATION , and she did n't like the snow . After one particularly bad winter , PERSON wanted to move . PERSON wanted to stay , so they decided to compromise . Now they spend winters in LOCATION LOCATION and summers in LOCATION .	PERSON and Sue only had one car . Sue was home all day with their two small children . She finally told PERSON she felt trapped without a car all day . They could not afford to buy another car . PERSON finally agreed to bike to work two days a week .	Frank and PERSON were diving to school in Frank 's car . Frank wanted to listen to rap but PERSON wanted to listen to R&B . They argued for some time over the matter . Finally they came to a compromise over the music . They would listen to Hip-Hop or nothing at all .	My mom says eating healthy food is good for my body . I would rather eat candy and cake . Mom and I came up with a compromise . If I eat all the food on my plate I can have dessert . We found a way for both of us to get what we want .
first kiss	PERSON liked PERSON , but was very shy . PERSON would flirt with PERSON in class . PERSON would flirt with PERSON . PERSON passed PERSON a note asking if he could kiss her . PERSON agreed and PERSON gave her a kiss .	PERSON and PERSON went to a movie together . This was PERSON 's first date . She was nervous about what would happen on her date . She felt PERSON put his arm around her . She later got her first kiss that evening .	My first real kiss was in sixth grade . Our middle school band went on a trip to an amusement park . My boyfriend met me at the park . On one of the rides , he leaned over and kissed me ! I was excited because I really liked him .	I was dating a girl . She was dropping hints about wanting to kiss me . When I dropped her off at her house , I leaned in for the kiss . She decided to kiss me ! Alas , her breath smelled like garlic chutney !	It was my fifth grade dance . I had a huge crush on this girl . I finally asked her to dance . I leaned in to try and steal a kiss . She kicked me in the shin as hard as she could .	PERSON met the girl he had a crush on in the woods . They found a hollowed out tree stump and squeezed in . Fearfully , trembling , they kissed for the first time . That kiss led to dating and marriage . PERSON and his wife look back on their first kiss fondly .	PERSON and PERSON went on a date . They had dinner at a very nice restaurant . After dinner , they went for a walk together . PERSON kissed PERSON while they were walking . PERSON was very happy that PERSON kissed her !	PERSON was playing spin the bottle and the girl he liked was playing to . PERSON really wanted the bottle to spin to her . It was PERSON turn to spin the bottle . He spin the bottle and it landed on her . PERSON was glad to have his first kiss be with the girl he liked .	PERSON was secretly in love with a girl in his class . At the end of the year , he found the courage to ask her to the prom . The girl was surprised but accepted his offer . When PERSON came to pick her up , he gave a her a flower . She kissed him on the cheek and he was in heaven .
quitting	PERSON decided that smoking was n't good for his health . He tried using the patch . He still wanted to smoke . PERSON decided he should try something else . He took up yoga which seemed to help .	PERSON had been coughing every morning for weeks . One of her friends suggested that it might be due to smoking . PERSON decided to switch from cigarettes to electronic cigarettes . She set a quit smoking date and purchased the electronic cigarettes . After three weeks of electronic cigarettes , her cough subsided .	PERSON was always a hard worker but his boss never seemed to notice . His boss was usually preoccupied with goofing off . The department was falling behind so the boss chose to blame PERSON . PERSON explained how he was always staying late but the boss did n't list . PERSON quit the next day .	PERSON plays football . He has been playing only for a few years . His team has never won a game . PERSON wants to quit because they never win . He has decided to finish the season and reevaluate next season .	I smoked cigarettes for twenty years . I struggled to quit . My grandmother died of lung cancer . I knew I needed to quit . I finally stopped cold turkey .	The company was over their budget . They told their managers to cut cost . The managers reduced hours for the staff . The staff morale went down . Some of the staff decided to quit .	PERSON wanted to quit smoking . He could never find the determination to quit . PERSON got bad news from the doctor . He had early signs of heart disease . PERSON had a reason to quit .	PERSON absolutely hated her job . Each day was worse than the one before and she was unhappy . After she arrived at work one morning , she decided to make a change . PERSON quit her job that same day and called her friend to tell her . Her friend was happy for her and now they run their own shop together .	PERSON was having a hard day at work . She hated her job . PERSON 's boss began screaming at her demeaningly . PERSON walked out of work . She called back to say she quit .
PERSON 's accident	PERSON was in a rush to leave the house for work . He rushed down the steps , and fell to the bottom . PERSON 's leg was broken in three places . He needed to call an ambulance . PERSON is going to miss plenty of work while in the hospital .	PERSON loved to skateboard . He was at the skate park and tried a new trick . The new trick was really dangerous . PERSON accidentally fell from the ramp . PERSON landed badly on his leg and broke it .	PERSON got drunk at a party . She thought she was sober enough to drive home so she got in her car . Shortly after leaving the party she crashed into a pole . PERSON survived but was taken to the hospital just in case . After many tests she was allowed to leave the hospital .	PERSON was riding her bike after a rain storm . Her tire slipped on some wet leaves , and PERSON took a spill . She suffered a small fracture in her wrist . The doctor had to put a cast on her wrist . Despite the awkward cast on her wrist , PERSON went riding the next day .	PERSON was racing down the freeway . He hit the median . His car rolled several times . PERSON was ejected from the sportscar . He was rushed to the hospital .	PERSON was riding her bike . She was going really fast down the sidewalk . A dog jumped out in front of her . PERSON flipped over her handlebars . PERSON broke her wrist .	PERSON was going too fast on his motorcycle . He went around a curb at an excessive speed . He flipped and had to go to the ER . He was airlifted and had to stay overnight . Luckily , PERSON is okay .	One afternoon my friend PERSON was during house chores . He received a phone call inviting him to a party . My family and I received a call that he was in an auto accident . He had suffered a broken leg , arm and foot fracture . We visit him the next day with gifts and a get well cards .	PERSON was driving to school one day . She was turning onto a different road when she had an accident . Another car had slammed into the side of the car . PERSON 's car was really banged up . Thankfully PERSON escaped the crash barely hurt .
wedding dress	PERSON was getting married in a few months . She had waited until the last minute to shop for a dress . She had been searching everywhere , but could n't find one . She finally went shopping at a small store . When she walked in , she found the dress of her dreams .	Grace wanted to look her very best on her wedding day . She spent three months eating healthy and exercising . She even bought a wedding dress two sizes smaller to wear . She planned on using the dresses size as her ideal weight loss goal . Grace was eventually able to wear the wedding dress .	PERSON was getting married to PERSON . She could not afford to buy a wedding dress . She bought a sewing machine and white fabric . She sewed her own wedding dress . PERSON told PERSON she looked beautiful in her wedding dress .	PERSON was very happy with her white wedding dress . She loved twirling in it and showing it around . Her friend asked her to come outside for a picture . She agreed and walked on the grass . When she came back home , the bottom of her dress was now green .	PERSON went to the store to try on wedding dresses . The zipper broke on the first dress she tried on . The salesperson had to cut her out of the dress . PERSON really liked that dress though . She ended up buying it anyway .	PERSON wanted to wear her mom 's dress . It was much too big . She took it to a designer . It was redesigned especially for her day . On her wedding , it was absolutely gorgeous .	PERSON wanted to be sure she had the perfect wedding dress . She searched all over town to find one . Finally , she found one that suited her perfectly . She bought it right away . She felt like a princess on her wedding day in her perfect dress .	PERSON is getting married this summer . She just got her wedding dress and as super excited . She asked her mom if she could get the expensive one . Her mom was so happy for her that she said she would pay for it . PERSON is so thankful to be surrounded by loved ones !	PERSON was getting married . She had everything taken care of except the dress . She had gone to so many places . She finally decided to have someone make it . PERSON had the perfect dress .
the surprise party	PERSON had planned a surprise party for his cousin . He told everyone to be at his house early . PERSON got everything ready for the party . Everyone waited for the cousin . When PERSON 's cousin showed up , he was quite surprised .	PERSON hated surprises . Her sister knew this but planned a surprise birthday party anyway . PERSON sensed that her sister was planning something . She went around to the back of the house instead of the usual front . PERSON came up behind the hiding guests and surprised all of them .	PERSON wanted to throw a surprise party for PERSON . She secretly sent out invitations to PERSON 's friends . She ordered balloons and food to be delivered on the special day . All of PERSON 's friends showed up early and hid until PERSON arrived . When PERSON walked through the door , everyone shouted and cheered .	PERSON was throwing a party for her husband . It was going to be a surprise ! She invited all his closest friends . They hid in the garage . When he came home , they jumped out and yelled for him .	PERSON was walking home late on his birthday . He was really bummed because no one had called . He sighed as he opened his apartment door . Suddenly people burst out and yelled surprise . He was so happy that his friends had n't forgotten after all .	PERSON 's birthday was coming up . Her friend PERSON decided she was going to throw her a surprise dinner . PERSON planned for their friends to show up at her favorite restaurant . When PERSON showed up with PERSON , no one was there . It turned out they were at the other branch a town over .	PERSON thought everyone had forgotten her sixteenth birthday . During the day , no one even wished her a happy birthday . After school , her mother picked her up and brought her back home . When she walked inside , there were all of her friends ! PERSON realized they had been planning a surprise party !	Yesterday was my birthday . All day , no one mentioned it and I was feeling forgotten . On my drive home , I was in a bad mood . When I got to my house , all the lights were off and no one was home . I opened the door and all my friends and family jumped out - SURPRISE !	PERSON was planning a surprise for her husband 's birthday . She wanted to throw him a party , but his schedule was tough . He would always arrive home at widely different times . To get around it , she worked with his co-workers . Together they were able to surprise him perfectly .
violin	PERSON wanted to learn how to play the violin . He went to the music store to buy one . He selected a cheap model that he thought would do for a beginner . He started practicing and two strings broke right away . PERSON went back to the store and bought a better violin .	When I was a kid I wanted to be really good at playing violin . I practiced all the time to be really good . After a few months of practicing I did get really good . I was so good that people wanted me to play for them . I 'm really glad that I practiced so hard .	PERSON wanted to learn the violin . Alas , his parents wanted him to focus on academics . His parents struck a bet with him . They bet that if he passed his exams then he could learn violin . Sure enough , PERSON passed his exams and could learn violin !	I have played violin for three years . I love to play my violin . Last year I joined an orchestra . I got to play a solo for our concert at the end of the year ! My parents were very proud of me .	PERSON wanted to learn to play the violin . PERSON conducted research to find a qualified teacher . Once she found a teacher , she decided to visit the teacher 's studio . After the visit , PERSON decided to sign up for the lessons . PERSON was excited to be learning to play the violin .	PERSON and PERSON were proud parents . They wanted their kids to have great lives . They decided to have their daughter learn the violin . Their daughter became a great violinist . Their whole family lived very happy lives .	PERSON had always loved the sound of a violin . She decided she wanted to learn to play one herself . She went to every lesson and worked very hard . Finally , she felt ready to perform for her family . From the looks she received , PERSON knew she should stick to listening .	PERSON wanted to learn a musical instrument . She thought back about all the pieces of music she has ever heard . She always thought the violin was amazing and special . She bought a violin and began taking lessons . She learned how to play beautiful music with the violin .	PERSON was very bad at the violin . His only dream was to get good at it . He worked hard and practiced every day . Then one day , he played the song perfectly . His parents were very impressed .
illness	PERSON had had a cold for weeks . Finally he went to the doctor . She told PERSON he had a bad case of pneumonia ! He had to be hospitalized for days . There , he finally began to feel better .	PERSON felt weak all of the time . She went to the doctor who ran some tests on her . A week later , the doctor told her that she had cancer . PERSON was treated aggressively with the most modern drugs . She made a full recovery .	PERSON woke up with a fever . The school trip to the mountains was tomorrow . He did n't want to take medication or see a doctor . His mother told him if he wanted to go he needed to see his doctor . PERSON 's doctor gave him medication and he was able to go on the trip .	PERSON became dehydrated after being sick . He was the star quarterback and wanted to play in the game . The coach was concerned about this health and benched him . PERSON finally got back in better health . He was able to play again and helped win the next game .	PERSON had a bad cough . She waited for a few days . But then it worsened , so she went to the doctor . They gave her some antibiotics . Soon PERSON was feeling better .	I went to see the doctor when I knew it was bad . I had n't eaten in nearly a week . I told him I felt afraid of food in my body . He told me I was developing an eating disorder . He instructed me to get some help .	PERSON felt weak after having the flu . He wanted to play soccer but his coach made him sit out . His coach gave him a workout regime instead . PERSON followed the regime exactly . He was able to get back on the field after a week .	PERSON loved tennis . She was the star of her team . She got sick and could not play for three weeks . She worked hard to get her game back . She eventually won the school tournament .	PERSON and his family ordered Chinese one night . They all ate heartily . But the next morning , they were all feeling ill . They had gotten food poisoning from the Chinese food ! PERSON and his parents had to miss school and work that day .
going home	PERSON was going to visit her family out of town . She thought it would be fun to spend the summer with them . But she grew tired of them rather quickly . She had only intended to stay 2 and a half months . To her horror it ended up being closer to four months .	The long weekend was almost over . It was time to go home . Tim , May , and their parents packed up their camping supplies . PERSON and May had so much fun over the last few days . Although they were sad to go home , they knew they 'd return in spring .	PERSON and I were so tired of travelling together on business . He applied for a job that required no travel . He got the job and we were ecstatic . We started packing and headed for home as soon as possible . We are happy at home and he loves his new job .	Ally lives far away from her parents . Normally , she only sees her parents once a year . This year she is going to surprise them ! Ally knocked on her parents ' door . They cried tears of joy when they saw her !	PERSON is far from home . She misses her family . One day she realized she did not have to live far away . She moved home . Her family was happy to have her back .	PERSON felt homesick after living abroad for several years . She decided to save some money and take a vacation . She did n't tell anyone that she was coming home for Christmas . Her family was surprised when she walked through the door . She felt relieved after the vacation .	The funeral was finally over and PERSON was ready to go home . But people were still coming up to speak and say bye to her grandma . PERSON waited patiently in the lobby of the church for them to finish . 30 minutes later the were ready to leave . PERSON was so tired she fell asleep as her mom drove them home .	PERSON lives in LOCATION but is from LOCATION LOCATION . He has not been back home to visit for over seven Years . PERSON drives the hundreds of miles to return home . He visits with friends and family that he has n't see in Years . After staying for almost three weeks , PERSON heads back to LOCATION .	I left work and walked to the bus stop . The bus stop has a shelter and a bench . I sat on the bench and waited for the next bus . The bus was delayed due to traffic . When the bus arrived , I stood up and boarded it so I could go home .
the accident	PERSON was driving along a county road . She started looking through text messages on her phone . She drifted into the other lane and hit a car . Both drivers were injured . PERSON was sentenced to community service .	PERSON was drinking wine . She got a bit too tipsy . At one point she dropped her glass . It stained her light area rug . PERSON needed to get it professionally cleaned .	PERSON was a great tennis player . He was quickly rising in the ranks . One day he was training extra hard . He tripped and broke his hip . He was unable to continue playing .	PERSON was on his way home from work when it happened . A motorcyclist had zipped between his car and the car next to him . The cyclist lost his balance , falling directly in front of PERSON 's car . PERSON had to swerve to avoid the biker . This ended up in PERSON hitting another car .	PERSON was driving with her boyfriend in his new car . He wanted to show her how fast it could go . Suddenly , he lost control . He scraped his new car on against a wall , and PERSON was hurt . PERSON decided she was going to be single for a while .	PERSON rode her bike to school everyday . One day on her way home she was hit by a white van . She was carried away on a stretcher to the ambulance . Fortunately she was okay , just a little bruised . Her parents ' were very relieved and happy she was not seriously hurt .	PERSON was riding a motorcycle with her friend . She was going too fast down the gravel road . She hit a pothole all of a sudden . The motorcycle flipped on the side . PERSON hit her head and had a concussion .	PERSON usually takes her dog outside to potty before she goes to bed . She was preoccupied one night and forgot to take him out . Her dog had an accident on the floor . PERSON slipped and fell into the mess . PERSON vowed to never forget to take her dog out again .	PERSON was driving down the street one night . He was very tired from working all day . PERSON fell asleep for just a second while he was driving . When he woke up he was in the hospital and very confused . He found out that when he fell asleep he crashed his car .
the store	PERSON was out of milk . She decided to go to the store for milk . She saw that eggs and cheese were on sale . She bought milk , eggs , and cheese . PERSON spent too much money at the store and was n't able to go out later .	PERSON had a store . Her store was robbed , because she forgot to lock the door . She was so upset , she closed her store . PERSON bought the store from PERSON . He always locked the door .	PERSON ran out of toilet paper . So PERSON got ready to go too target . PERSON was now ready to go too target . In target PERSON got toilet paper . PERSON is happy he has toilet paper .	My sister and I used to walk to the corner store once a week . We would talk and laugh on our way to buy candy . It was something we both enjoyed and looked forward to . On a recent visit back home , I discovered the store had burned down . I lost a little bit of my childhood in that ash .	PERSON went to the store . He wanted to buy some chips . While he was at the store he remembered he had to buy a lot of things . He bought all the things he needed . PERSON forgot to buy his chips , though .	PERSON went into a fancy store to purchase some makeup . The sales ladies tried to sell her a lot of things . PERSON came out of the store with way more makeup than she needed . She felt uneasy about all of the money she spent . The next day she went and returned half of the makeup she bought .	PERSON enjoyed shopping . PERSON saw someone shove a shirt into their purse , while shopping . Karen reported the person to the store 's security guard . The guard took the person aside before they could leave the store . PERSON avoids that store now .	PERSON wanted mashed potatoes for dinner . They sold them at the luxury grocery store near her home . She pulled into a park and got out of her car . She was so hungry she wanted to run to the store . It took all her concentration to walk instead of run .	PERSON 's parents wanted to know where she had been . She pulled a candy bar from her pocket . They believed she had been at the store . They never knew she was at the park with a boy they disliked . And she never planned on telling them .
sushi	Jasmine thinks fish is gross . Raw fish is even more gross for Jasmine . Jasmine refuses to try sushi . One day , she felt curious and tried sushi . Sushi is now her favorite thing to eat .	Sully was eating dinner with his friend PERSON . They were at the local sushi joint . Sully raved about the quality of the fish . When they got their food , PERSON jumped out of his seat . There was a spider on his plate .	Today I went to the new sushi place in town . I had to wait an hour before I could be seated . When I got my seat , I decided to order three rolls . The rolls were so good that I ate them all . I have a new favorite sushi place to eat at now .	PERSON was on a blind date . Her date insisted they go for sushi . PERSON had never had it and she was nervous . But she tried it bravely . To her surprise , she found it delicious !	PERSON always wanted to try sushi . She was a bit apprehensive at first . She asked the waiter for recommendations . She ended up trying only cooked sushi . She now has a new favorite food .	On July 11th , my son took me out to get sushi . My wife was working and does not like sushi . We went to PERSON PERSON in Fresh Pond . The sashimi was wonderful . Unfortunately my stomach disagreed with me later on .	My daughter and her husband asked us to go out to eat . We tried a new sushi bar that sounded interesting We met in the railyard and only had to wait about 5 minutes . The menu was unusual and interesting . We tried many new things that we had never eaten before .	PERSON had never tried sushi before . She did n't like trying new things , and thought it did n't look good . But her friend PERSON decided to have sushi for her birthday dinner . PERSON decided she could n't let her friend down , and went to dinner . Surprisingly , PERSON found the sushi delicious !	PERSON 's new girlfriend is Japanese . On their first date , her parents invite him to dinner . PERSON has never had Japanese food . His girlfriend shows him how to use the chopsticks . Sushi is PERSON 's new favorite food .
bracelet	My wife received an PERSON and PERSON bracelet as a gift . She can not wear bracelets due to a medical condition . She emailed the company about an exchange . They allowed her to exchange the bracelet for a necklace . She was pleased with the company 's customer service .	My sister-in-law texted me today . She wanted to get a Pandora bracelet for my wife . She asked if her sister had one . I texted that my wife can not wear bracelets due to lymphedema . My sister-in-law said she was sorry .	PERSON 's friend made her a friendship bracelet . PERSON tied it on her wrist happily . But a week later , she noticed it was missing ! PERSON told her friend what had happened . Her friend made PERSON a replacement bracelet .	When my father died we had many flowers that we did n't want to toss . My sister found a group that takes flowers and makes bracelets . We gathered all the roses up and cut off the flowers . We sent them into the company along with a check . They sent back six bracelets for me and my 5 sisters to wear .	PERSON made a friendship bracelet for her best friend . She presented it to him with a smile . He took it and smiled back . He put it on his wrist right away ! From then on , he never removed PERSON 's bracelet .	PERSON lost the bracelet her Grandma had given to her . She was very upset , and posted about it on Facebook . Her friends shared the post for her . Another woman said she found the bracelet ! PERSON cried tears of real joy !	PERSON pushed her shopping cart through the aisles . She bought all of her groceries and was going to pay for everything . She saw something in the corner of her eye that made her stop . There was a beautiful gold bracelet near the jewelry counter . She smiled as she placed it into her cart and headed for the checkout .	PERSON like to wear bracelets . One time she jumped up to stand upon a ledge . While jumping she swung her arms . Her bracelet flew off and broke . She cried and was upset .	My 19 year old niece broke up with her first boyfriend last month . He cheated on her while she was away in college . She gave me a necklace he bought her , I tried to sell it on eBay for her , but nobody bought it . I will keep posting it until it sells .
history test	PERSON has a history test tomorrow . He has not studied at all . He decided to pull an allnighter . However , he fell asleep while studying . PERSON did not do well on his test .	PERSON has a history test . He has studied for two days . He believed he was ready . When he got to the test , he panicked . He ended up missed ten questions , and failed .	PERSON had a test in history . She had completely forgotten about it and did n't study . PERSON failed the test . The next time there was a test , she studied extra hard . PERSON did well on that test and improved her grade .	PERSON had n't studied for his history test . He took history after lunch . PERSON pretended to be sick around lunchtime . He went home . PERSON was n't at school to take the test .	PERSON has a history test . He has studied all week . However , he still did not feel ready . PERSON got to his test and took it . He did much better than he thought .	Today I had a history test . I arrived just in time . I sat down to take my test . I realized I did n't remember anything on the test . I tried my best , but I think I failed .	PERSON has a history test tomorrow . He has not studied at all . He decided to pull an allnighter . However , as he was studying , he fell asleep . PERSON still was not ready for his test .	PERSON has a history test tomorrow . He has not studied . He decided to stay up and pull an allnighter . When he got to school he fell asleep . PERSON failed his test .	PERSON was taking a history class . He had a test coming up . He did n't study for it at all . When the day of the test came , he was totally lost . He decided to study harder from then on .
homework	PERSON always completed his homework . One day when he looked in his yellow folder , it was missing . He began frantically searching throughout his bag for his homework . He then told the teacher that he lost his homework . The teacher was nice and told him to give it tomorrow .	PERSON completely forgot to do his homework . He got to school early and asked to copy his friends work . They all told him they forgot the homework as well . They sat in a circle before school and tried to finish it ! With the group of them all trying they managed to get it done !	PERSON did not want to do homework . She decided to clean up instead . Then she played video games . She went to sleep that night worried . The next day she failed because she neglected her homework !	PERSON decided that she was n't going to do homework anymore . She felt that it was not productive . PERSON 's parents intervened and told PERSON she had to do it anyway . PERSON tried to show them research about homework 's effectiveness . PERSON 's parents were unswayed , and PERSON had to do the work she missed .	PERSON got a lot of homework from school for the holiday weekend . She did all her homework in one day . This way , she could have the whole weekend free and without stress . During the weekend , PERSON had fun and did not think about school . PERSON felt glad that she got all her homework done on time .	PERSON had a lot of homework due . But he struggled to concentrate . He dog kept barking . And his neighbors were having a party . It was only until 2 AM that PERSON could work in silence .	PERSON 's assignment was due today . He had n't completed it . He asked his sister for help . His sister said yes . PERSON finished his homework just in time .	PERSON had homework . PERSON 's mom said she had to finish her homework first . PERSON went to the library to finish her homework . PERSON showed her mom her finished homework . PERSON was allowed to go play .	PERSON was a terrible student . He did not like to study . One day he decided study and do his homework . He noticed a slight improvement in his grades . Now because he studies , he is a model student .
kitten	I left my kitten in the room today by herself . She tore up my curtains . She peed on my shoes . She managed to get cat food in my bed . I think she will be going in her cage tomorrow .	A stray kitten came to my door . I gave the kitten a bowl of milk because it looked hungry . The kitten stayed around my door so I adopted it . I named the PERSON PERSON . PERSON and I are best friends now .	PERSON was walking home from the grocery store . He was approaching his house . He heard a small cat making a sound . He approached the cat . He pet the kitten .	A kitten was stuck in a storm drain . A passerby heard her meows for help . They got a couple people together to rescue her . They reached in and could barely reach her . They somehow managed to pull her out and save her life .	PERSON was taking out her trash when she heard the tiniest of sounds . A very young kitten lay on the ground , just a few feet away . Joy picked up the kitten and took her inside . She wrapped the animal in a blanket , and fed her milk . PERSON decided to keep the kitten as a family pet .	PERSON got a kitten for his birthday . PERSON knew that he should n't let his kitten sleep in his bed . PERSON snuck the kitten into his bed one night . The kitten clawed PERSON 's pillow and ruined his pillowcase . PERSON now makes sure that his kitten does n't sleep in his bed .	PERSON found a stray kitten . She took it home and nursed him . Soon he grew stronger and sturdier . Before long he was a full-grown cat , healthy and happy ! PERSON was so glad she had rescued the stray .	PERSON wanted to own a kitten . His parents told him he could have one on one condition . PERSON first had to prove his responsibility by caring for a plant . The plant he acquired was a small plumeria tree . It withered within a few months and PERSON sadly accepted his fate .	Kia 's baby kitten escaped her room one day . She was terrified that the family dog would find it and kill it . When she finally found it , she was shocked . The dog had found the kitten , sure enough , but had n't killed it . Instead , the two were cuddled up happily together !
PERSON visits LOCATION	PERSON missed seeing his best friend from college . Since they had graduated , PERSON had not seen his friend . One weekend he drove to LOCATION to see his old college friend . They shared college memories over a beer . PERSON was happy that he visited his friend .	PERSON had always wanted to see LOCATION . He saves his money for the big trip . Finally he flies to LOCATION . He loves the friendly people he meets there . PERSON is so glad he dream of visiting LOCATION came true .	PERSON decides to take a big vacation . She goes to LOCATION . When she gets there , she eats delicious food . She feels sad when she flies back home . However , she is glad she had a vacation .	PERSON has always wanted to visit LOCATION LOCATION . He researches different countries and decides to visit LOCATION . PERSON finds the food and architecture in LOCATION stunning . He comes back with many wonderful memories . PERSON is very happy that he took such an amazing trip .	PERSON had always wanted to pick apples in LOCATION . Finally he made some friends who shared his dream . They drove together to LOCATION one fall day . PERSON picked a basket of delicious apples that day . He was so proud that his dream of seeing LOCATION came true .	PERSON wanted to visit LOCATION . He decided to take a trip there . After a long drive PERSON arrived in LOCATION . He ate some delicious food there . PERSON was happy he had visited LOCATION .	PERSON had always wanted to visit LOCATION . Finally he had saved money and booked his trip . PERSON loved exploring the natural beauty of the state . He had a terrific trip . PERSON was glad that he had visited LOCATION .	PERSON had always dreamed of a vacation to LOCATION . She saves up her money for many Years for the trip . Finally the day arrives for PERSON 's big trip . She enjoys many delicious cheeses on her trip . When PERSON gets home she is happy she had the trip of her dreams .	PERSON had always wanted to see LOCATION for himself . He saved up money for a big trip . Finally it was time for PERSON to fly to LOCATION . He tried the local food and met many people . PERSON was happy that he had finally visited LOCATION .
sweater	May wanted to give her husband a nice gift . She decided to learn how to knit . May watched instructional videos and began making a sweater . By winter , she had finished making the sweater for her husband . She gave it to him on Christmas day !	PERSON was from a country on the equator . She had never felt a temperature of less than 70 degrees . She had her first trip outside of the country . She went to LOCATION . You can bet the first thing she did there was buy a sweater .	PERSON was cold sitting in her apartment . Her heater was malfunctioning , so heat was n't an option . She decided that she should wear a sweater instead . She looked in her closet , only to find she did n't own one . She left that evening to go buy one at the mall .	PERSON was knitting a sweater . He did n't know how to knit though . He made a big mess of wool thread . He gave it to his grandmother as a present . The grandmother sat him down and taught him how to knit .	PERSON was going to the park . Her mom advised her to bring a sweater . It was warm out and PERSON resisted . She brought a sweater to placate her mom . Later it grew cold , and PERSON was glad she had brought it !	PERSON loved sweaters . He liked them because they made him feel very warm . One day , he tried to find a sweater in his house . After searching , he realized that he had lost his sweaters . Finally , he went to the store and bought another sweater .	PERSON was going for a bike ride . But she forgot her sweater ! She was very chilly as she rode . She had to cut her ride short . PERSON regretted her forgetfulness .	PERSON decided not to go to school and went to the mall instead . At the mall she did some Christmas shopping . She found her mother a beautiful sweater . On Christmas day she gave her mother the sweater . PERSON 's mom loved the sweater .	I wanted a sweater I saw at the mall . It was a little too expensive . I went home to think it over . I saw a coupon in the paper for the sweater . I went back and bought the sweater !
gloves	As winter approached , PERSON realized she needed new gloves . She went to the store to try to find a good pair . She found lovely blue gloves with a white snowflake pattern . She even got her new gloves at a discount . PERSON was very glad to have beautiful gloves to keep her warm .	The girl put on some gloves . They did n't match her outfit . She told her mom she needed new gloves . The mom told her to wear a different outfit . The girl found an outfit that matched the gloves .	The man put on gloves . The woman watched him . The woman wondered what the gloves were for . She followed the man . She saw the man steal a car stereo .	PERSON knew that his wife 's birthday was coming up . He wanted to get her something special . A pair of gloves were chosen to help her out on the farm . He wrapped them in a horse-theme wrapping paper . She was excited when she saw what her gift was .	Last night our granddaughter said she wanted to wear gloves to bed . Her mother let her wear them to get some sleep . At 4 AM she woke up , crying . One of her gloves had fallen off . She went back to bed after the glove was put back on .	PERSON had delicate hands . She needed gloves . Her hands got cold often . PERSON decided to buy a good pair of gloves . PERSON was happy that she finally had gloves .	PERSON had just moved to LOCATION from LOCATION . He did not own any winter clothes and was n't anticipating the cold . When he arrived at his hotel room he realized his hands were freezing ! PERSON knew he needed gloves and walked to the drugstore . When he arrived he found a free promotion giving away gloves !	The woman had big hands . She thought gloves made them look better . Her friends disagreed with that . They discussed the gloves . They agreed that it had been rude to bring up the gloves .	My Mother likes to knit . She knit me some beautiful gloves . She sent them to me last week . I was surprised to get a present in July ! I love my beautiful gloves .
snow day	PERSON was excited for a snow day . The news called for over a feet of snow . He did n't bother doing his homework . The next day it did n't snow . PERSON got in trouble at school .	PERSON had to go clean the walk in freezer at work . He scraped ice off all the walls . There was so much ice scrapings that he made a snowman . He put the small snow man in front of the door . When his boss went in next he was amused by the snow man .	PERSON was playing outside one day . She saw a snowflake fall from the sky . Soon there were lots of snowflake all around her . PERSON caught some snowflakes on her tongue . She played in the falling snow until dinnertime .	PERSON hoped for a snow day at school . But then there was a huge blizzard ! He was snowed in for eight days ! By the end , PERSON was very bored . He almost hoped for school to resume !	When the kids woke up they found it had snowed all night . At least two feet had fallen and it was still snowing . Their parents checked their school 's website to see if it was closed . The kids cheered when they learned they had a snow day . That afternoon they went sledding in the fresh snow .	PERSON woke up for school one morning . He walked down stairs and saw that it was snowy outside . He turned on the news to see if school was cancelled . After several minutes of waiting , PERSON saw that his school was closed . He put on his warmest clothes and went outside to play .	I made a snowman today . I gave him a big smile . I found him a hat in the garbage . I placed the snowman in front of my home . I smiled at my snow day finished project .	PERSON was hoping it would snow overnight . That would mean he would n't have to go to school the next day . When PERSON woke up he rushed to the window . It had snowed a lot over night . PERSON 's classes were cancelled .	It snowed last night . This morning , I woke up and saw the ground covered in snow . However , it snows often here , so we did not have a snow day . We drove slowly to school and so we arrived later than usual . Everyone is running late due to the snow .
new dog	PERSON has two dogs . One day one of the dogs passed away . Now the other dog felt really lonely . PERSON got a new dog for him to play with . They became best friends and enjoy playing in the backyard together .	My fiance and I got a new puppy last month , a Beagle we named PERSON . I named her after our favorite wrestler , but she has been very bad . We later found out Beagles are very stubborn and hard to train . PERSON is still very rambunctious and pees everywhere ! It 's a lot of hard work , but we love her a lot and will keep trying .	PERSON wanted a dog . He had asked his mother and father for one and they said yes . PERSON went to the animal shelter to look for a dog . He found a cute new puppy and took the dog home . PERSON named the dog Rufus .	PERSON 's parents bought a new dog . The dog did not seem to like PERSON . The dog would bark and scratch him . PERSON complained about the dog . They end up bringing the dog back .	PERSON got a new dog . He tried to teach it fetch . The dog would not fetch . PERSON kept trying for five weeks . Soon , the dog was great at playing fetch .	The PERSON family had been looking for a dog . They went to the shelter every few weeks to find the perfect dog . One weekend they finally found it . They adopted a sweet black and white dog . They were excited to have new addition to their family .	I found a dog on the side of the street one day . I took him home , bathed him and fed him . I named him PERSON . He has lived with me for the past five years . I am glad that I found him .	PERSON bought a new dog and walked him everywhere . As the dog was friendly , people stopped to talk to PERSON . But PERSON did n't like to talk to people . So in the end , he left his dog in the courtyard . And he only walked him at night when no one was around .	As a child I jumped up and down . The time had come for our family to get a new dog . They were all different shapes and sizes . I could n't pick which one I wanted so I just kept picking up new dogs . My brother though was stuck on one , and she became Lady .
brother	PERSON had always wanted a brother . When he was 6 , his parents adopted a baby boy . PERSON was so happy ! He fawned over the baby every day . As the boys grew , they became best friends .	My brother got home from work . He was covered in dust from the day . He went upstairs to shower . It took him 30 minutes . He came back down cleaned up .	I had n't heard from my brother in over a year . The last time we had contact was at Christmas last year . I sent him a text message while I was thinking about him . He did n't respond at all . I finally told him if he wanted to talk , the ball is in his court now .	PERSON 's mom adopted a young boy from LOCATION . PERSON was fully prepared to hate him . Who was he to infringe upon her time ? But soon PERSON found herself enchanted by the young boy . Within a few weeks she was utterly devoted to him !	My brother was coming home after moving out . He moved out awhile ago it 's been awhile for all of us to see him . When he got here he was glad to see all of us . We went out to dinner and had a good time . We were all very glad to see him when he came home .	My brother was in a bad mood . He opened a can of paint . He splashed it on the ground . I told him to clean it up . He refused to clean it up .	PERSON got a call from a strange man . He wanted to meet PERSON in person . Curious , PERSON agreed . When he met the man he gaped in shock . They two men were twins , separated at birth !	PERSON was the younger sister of her brother PERSON . PERSON is a professional baseball player . PERSON got a lot of attention because of her brother . She did not like the attention . PERSON hated her brother because of it .	My brother had been feeling sick all day . My mom called the school and told them he would n't be able to come in . The teacher gave him all the work he needed . My brother began to do the homework but fell asleep . It is a good thing that he did not have school the next day .
clown	PERSON was taking his son to a carnival . In the carnival PERSON took his son to see a clown show . PERSON 's son loved seeing the clown . His son laughed at the clown . PERSON was happy to see his son happy .	PERSON could n't find her child in the crowd . She started to panic and an official took notice . He asked her what the problem was that had her so disturbed . PERSON told him she could n't find her child . He pointed a relieved PERSON to her kid , sitting on the clown 's lap .	PERSON had a birthday party coming up . Her parents bought her a cake . Her parents also hired a clown . The clown make offensive comments to PERSON . PERSON was sad and the clown was fired .	PERSON was a clown for his day job . It was a job he was very passionate about . He would spend hours perfecting his act and routine . Every show the audience hooted and hollered . PERSON loved making the crowd laugh .	I was a clown for children 's birthday parties . The gig did not pay well . I was sad and suicidal all the time . But , I had to put on a smile for the kids . I realized that I should have gone to college .	PERSON was looking forward to Halloween . He was thinking of a good costume . He wanted something fun and yet a little bit scary . PERSON decided to go as a clown . He received many compliments on his great costume .	I was terrified of him . I walked quickly , hoping the clown would stop following me . They were n't allowed to touch the customers , but I was scared . I turned to him and told him to stop following me . He stopped and returned to his place on the haunted trail .	PERSON loved clowns . He wanted a clown at his birthday party . His dad told him they might get one for him . On the day of his party PERSON looked around eagerly . He was disappointed when he did n't see any clown .	PERSON was a clown . And he hated his job . He got hired for a birthday party . And he had no choice but to go . After he made someone cry , he decided to quit his job .
sickness	When PERSON went to work she was n't feeling good . She did n't have any other options but to go to work so she went . When she got there she told her boss that she was n't feeling well . Her boss told her that if she still felt sick later that she could go . In a few hours PERSON ended up going home .	PERSON began to puke as she had been feeling ill . Her mom held her until the heaves subsided . PERSON was sweating so her mom wiped her brow . PERSON sat up and smiled at her mom . She thanked her mom and lay back down .	PERSON had a huge football game in one week . Suddenly he did not feel well in his stomach . He rushed to the hospital to get it checked . The doctor stated that it was a 24 hour bug . PERSON was able to play during the football match .	PERSON wanted to go to space . He applied for a job at NASA . During his training , he got very bad motion sickness . PERSON realized his dreams would never be realized . Luckily he was able to keep a good job with NASA anyway .	PERSON was still feeling weak after having the flu . His big soccer game was a week away . His coach still would not let him practice . The coach allowed him to do small exercises . PERSON still did not feel well enough to play the next week either .	I was unable to sleep that morning . I had to get out of bed numerous times through the night . Each time I awoke , I had to rush to the bathroom . I was very sick and getting sicker . I finally decided to go see a doctor .	Playing in the rain was one of PERSON 's favorite things to do . Her mother always urged her not to , but PERSON never listened . One day PERSON developed a cough and fever after playing in the rain . Her mother insisted she had been right all along . But no matter how sick she got , PERSON though it was worth it .	PERSON felt sick at lunchtime . PERSON still ate his lunch , which was a burrito . The burrito made PERSON feel more sick . PERSON went to the hospital to investigate his sickness . The doctors told PERSON he was going to be okay .	PERSON was pregnant . She had always heard how uncomfortable pregnancy was . The first time she had morning sickness it was terrible . PERSON was so sick she could hardly stand . She was relieved when a coworker gave her ginger tea for nausea .
the gym	PERSON wanted to work out . She was going to go to her gym . Then she remembered it was closed . She decided to cancel her membership . She started going to an all day gym instead .	PERSON bought a gym membership and signed up for personal training . When she met her personal trainer , she told him her fitness goals . PERSON 's trainer designed a difficult fitness routine for her . Every other day , PERSON worked really hard at the gym . Over time , PERSON lost weight and her health improved .	PERSON decided to get into shape . He worked out every day . Soon , he was lifting heavy weights . He felt really healthy and strong . He decided to become a trainer to help others .	PERSON and I went to the gym everyday to get healthy . Today , I was tired and did n't want to go at all . She came and picked me up and I went with no intention to run . After we arrived , I decided to run anyways and was glad I did . I lost an additional five pounds and will continue to keep going .	Christian challenged a stranger to battle at Pokemon Go . The stranger looked at him confused . Christian asked why he was at the Pokemon Go gym if not to battle . The stranger said he was just texting his girlfriend on his phone . Christian felt like a loser and went home .	PERSON never thought about joining the gym . When he started gaining weight he decided it was time to try . At first he went 2 days a week , because he forced himself to . He started enjoying himself and began going 4 days a week . PERSON looks great now and he says he will never stop going regularly .	PERSON wanted to work out . She decided to go to a gym , but did not want to go alone . She asked her friend PERSON to join her at the gym . PERSON met PERSON at the gym . The girls worked out until they were tired .	PERSON went to the gym . He saw several of his friends . PERSON talked to his friends until the gym closed . PERSON went home without exercising at all . PERSON realized that he enjoyed his friends more than the gym .	The other day I was at the gym A guy was using the weights . After he was done he did n't put them back . I asked him to do so and he agreed . He apologized and I thanked him for doing so .
bag	Last week my wife left her lunch bag at work . She did not want to wait until Monday to get it . She drove down on Sunday . I went along for the ride . We ended up buying ice cream cones .	PERSON was carrying a paper bag of groceries from his car . The bag ripped and spilled a lot of cans into the snow . PERSON laughed as his chili and soup rolled around on the white snow . He thought it was pretty funny , and did n't let it bug him . He put on some gloves and picked up all the cans .	PERSON was in the market for a new backpack . He researched many different bag styles online . He found a backpack he really liked . It was very expensive so he was hesitant . He decided to purchase it .	She left the bag in the bathroom . She had set it on the floor . She forgot where she put it . She looked everywhere for it . She finally found it .	She needed a new makeup bag . She went to the makeup aisle . She found a very pretty one that she liked . It was pink and had glitter in it . She purchased it happily .	The man found a bag on the ground . He looked inside . It was groceries . He brought them home . He made his wife dinner with them .	The man put his groceries in a bag . He walked to the car . On the way to the car the bad broke . His groceries spilled on the ground . The man scrambled to gather his groceries .	PERSON had a hobby of collecting bags . She enjoyed the different designs . One day she saw a unique bag . It was in an expensive store . PERSON bought the bag for lots of money and was happy !	PERSON had a bag that meant a lot to him . It could be considered his favorite bag . One day , he could not find his bag . He searched everywhere and could not find it . Eventually , he found it in the washer .
the robbery	PERSON needed money for a car . He had a difficult time finding a job . Since PERSON was desperate he decided to rob a gas station . During the robbery the gas station recorded PERSON . Police identified PERSON and arrested him within hours .	PERSON was working at a store late one night . Suddenly some kids came in threatening him with a knife . He pretended to grab them some money , but grabbed a gun . When they saw the weapon , he could see them become terrified . They all ran quickly from the building .	PERSON was watching her favorite TV show . She ate some snacks . Suddenly the window in the bathroom opened . She heard broken glass sound . She called the police .	PERSON was working at the gas station . Around 10 pm two masked men came in . One held out a gun and asked all the money . The other punched him in the face . The robbers then ran off .	PERSON 's friends knew he had a soft heart for women . But one day that weakness costed him money . PERSON let three girls from the neighborhood in his apartment . They slept on his sofa and insisted he sleep in his bedroom . The next morning , the girls and PERSON 's TV was gone .	PERSON was in line at the bank to deposit a check . All of a sudden , the man next to him pulled out a gun . The robber started grabbing money from the tills . Before the bank robber could get away , the police had already arrived . The robber was arrested and PERSON was able to deposit his check .	PERSON called the police . He said he had been robbed . The police were skeptical of his story . PERSON started to change his story . People started thinking he had made it all up .	Everyone in the bank was in a panic . A robber had burst in and threatened them with a gun ! He stole the money and ran away . The police showed up quickly . They caught the robber a mile away .	The PERSON 's got home from a night out . They immediately realized something was wrong . Their door was pried opened and things were missing . They had been robbed . The PERSON 's were scared and called the cops .
leaves	PERSON did n't like the fall . Every year tons of leaves would fall on his yard . It would be his job to rake them . This year was no exception . The only difference was that it keeps becoming easier as he grows .	PERSON liked to sit out back on her patio every evening . One day she noticed that her patio was covered in leaves . She got her rake and raked them into her neighbor PERSON 's back yard . PERSON saw that PERSON had raked leaves into his yard but he was n't upset . PERSON went outside , put the leaves into a bag , and disposed of them .	There were many leaves in PERSON 's yard . She carefully raked them all into a big pile . When the leaves were raked up , she jumped into the pile . It sent the leaves flying . She had to rake them again , but she had no regrets .	Summer had just ended . The leaves were changing colors . Some fell onto the ground . I raked them into a pile . We burned them later that evening .	PERSON 's class was keeping a caterpillar . Everyday they would feed it leaves . One day they could n't find their leaves . The janitor thought they were trash and threw them out . Now they had nothing to feed the caterpillar .	PERSON loved nature and the outdoors . He decided to buy plants for his home . He browsed many plants at the nursery . He found a plant with very soft leaves . He purchased that plant and was happy about it .	PERSON was a homeowner . Fall had arrived and many leaves were in his yard . He prepared the rake and bags . He raked the leaves . He put the leaves in bags and cleared his lawn .	PERSON really wanted to play in the leafs . So she asked her dad if she could . So he went out and raked them all up . She ran out and jumped in them . She loved playing in them so much .	The bear ate the leaves . The leaves were falling from the trees . This bear did n't like to climb . He forages the ground for his meals . And enjoyed eating leaves from the ground .
too late	A burglar broke into PERSON 's house . He stole his jewelry and several other personal items . Jeff called the cops and tried to stop the thief . The thief ended up escaping from the house . The cops showed up 5 minutes later \	I was hanging out with my friends at the park . My mom called me to remind me about dinner being ready . However , I stayed at the park for a few more minutes . I eventually left to go home . My mom told me that the food was completely gone .	The train conductor looked up from his controls . There was a man on the tracks ahead . He blew the train whistle to alert him . The man refused to move . The conductor also did n't move because he did n't know to do .	PERSON wanted the new iPad . She knew they were selling out fast . She ran to the store to get one . Unfortunately it was all sold out . PERSON was so disappointed .	PERSON and PERSON were identical twins who were separated at birth . PERSON stayed with her mother and PERSON was adopted . PERSON discovered records of the adoption in her mother 's papers . She found PERSON years later in a graveyard . PERSON had died before they could ever meet .	The phone rang in the kitchen of PERSON 's house . He was in the basement when he heard it ring . He put down his work and ran up the stairs . By the time he got to the phone it stopped . PERSON cursed loudly and punched the phone .	Every day PERSON leaves for work very early in the morning . He liked to read the sports section on the bus . Every day , he took the sports section and left the rest of the paper . No one in the household read any other part of the paper . The paper stopped coming early enough , so he cancelled it .	PERSON was struggling in math . He assumed that it 's not his fault although his friends are passing . There was a test tomorrow and he was n't prepared . He did n't seek help after school , from his friends nor the professor . Ultimately , he ended up failing the test and had to repeat the course .	Something was wrong with PERSON 's beehive . The bees were obviously agitated and she did not know why . She called a beekeeper who seemed to know what the problem was . He would come out to split the hive since there were two queens now . He saw a swarm of bees cross the street and knew he was too late .
running	PERSON was always an avid runner . She was a track star in high school and ran multiple marathons . One day , PERSON woke up with a searing pain in her knee . She went to the doctor who told her she needed knee surgery . PERSON rehabbed hard , only a few months later she was running again .	PERSON sold his car and began running everywhere in town . He started learning about running technique and theory . He was inspired by wisdom imparted by Olympic runners . He would run as fast as possible everywhere he went . He became very fit and able bodied .	I recently started running . I prefer to run on the treadmill because it is cool inside . After a while , treadmill running is boring . So , I started watching movies on my tablet while I run . Now my running time flies by !	PERSON was running down the street . His friends were chasing him . Peter found a good spot to hide . He waited to see if they would see him . PERSON 's friends ran right past him !	I went running with my friend . We met up at my house . We ran to the park and back . When we got back to my house , we realized we had run two miles . We were so proud of ourselves .	PERSON was sick and tired of being sick and tired . He decided he wanted to become fit . He researched various fitness programs online . He found running to be the most interesting . He went running and enjoyed it .	PERSON decided he wanted to join the track team . He ran every day after school for two hours . He even got a gym membership for the treadmill ! He tried out for the team but was n't very confident . The coach called him later that day and told him he passed !	PERSON began running as a way to improve his fitness . His friend recommended listening to music during the run . PERSON went out and bought a MP3 player . PERSON added music to the device . PERSON enjoyed running more with music .	PERSON was a dedicated athlete . She ran every single day no matter what . It snowed heavily , but she still went running on the track . Unfortunately , due to the conditions she slipped and twisted her ankle Now she 's much more careful about when she runs .
bird	PERSON 's parakeet escaped one day . She looked everywhere but feared it was gone . Then she heard a tiny peep . The sly bird was hiding up in the corner by the fan ! PERSON was relieved that it had not flown away .	The presidential candidate was giving a speech at the podium . Suddenly , the crowd started pointing and laughing . Confused , the candidate looked around for the source of the laughter . He noticed that the crowd was pointing to a bird hopping on the stage . The bird flew up to the podium , causing the crowd to cheer .	One day , PERSON found a bird on the street . PERSON felt very bad for the bird . He took the hospital to the doctors to make it healthy . After that , he fed the bird a lot of food . Now the bird is PERSON 's pet .	PERSON heard a strange noise in her house . She went to investigate . She saw a bird in the kitchen ! She opened the window quickly . Soon the bird flew out .	PERSON 's pet parakeet ran out food . So PERSON went to the pet store to get food for his bird . He bought bird food and drove home to feed it . He fed his pet bird . PERSON 's pet now had food .	The bird caught a worm . It took the worm to its nest . It fed the worm to a baby bird . The baby bird was still hungry . The bird caught another worm .	If PERSON got good grades her parents would get her a bird . So PERSON did all the homework assignments right . She also studied for all the test . Finally PERSON received her grades and she showed them to her parents . Her parents got her a nice bird .	There was a bird at my window . It had a broken wing . I took it in and fixed its wing . I nursed it back to health for several weeks . I was able to set it free and it flew away .	PERSON opened her windows for spring cleaning . She loved the fresh scent . Then a bird flew inside ! PERSON was startled ! She had to shoo it out with a broom .
gold	PERSON was digging in the sand at the beach . He found a lump of what looked like gold ! He was so excited . He took it to get appraised right away . But he was told it was only pyrite , fool 's gold !	I wanted to become an entrepreneur . I decided to enter the gold mining industry . As a result , I became very wealthy . Then , I realized that the gold miners were using child labor . I felt guilty and shut down my business .	PERSON had just seen a movie about panning for gold . His mom said there was no gold in their backyard creek . But PERSON insisted , and she let him go out with the strainer . After a whole day of panning for gold , PERSON conceded defeat . He admitted his mom was right - their creek had no gold !	PERSON loved gold . And he already had tons of gold jewelry that he wore . But he could n't afford to buy anymore . He saw someone wearing a gold necklace and ring . He was arrested for trying to beat the person up and steal from him .	PERSON was panning for gold . She had taken her sifter to the local creek . She eagerly sieved through rocks and debris . Sadly , PERSON did n't find any gold . But she found some very pretty pebbles !	The man saw a rainbow . He followed it until he found the end . He seen a golden pot . He waked up to it . He found the gold .	Ina found a fancy plate at a yard sale . The next day she used it to microwave some food . Then she heard a crackling . The gold on the plate 's rim was sparking ! Ina hurried to remove it from the microwave .	I was in the river fishing one day . At the bottom of the river I saw something glittery . I swam down and picked it up . It was an old bottle cap . I was disappointed because it was n't treasure .	PERSON saved up some money from thirty years working in the oil fields . He decided to put his money towards gold bars . The price of gold fell and it seemed like he made the wrong decision . PERSON was patient and the price of gold gained in price . PERSON now looks like he made a smart decision .
lost money	PERSON went to his boss to ask for his paycheck . The boss opened up the store safe and took it out . PERSON took the check and put it into his pocket . Later that day PERSON reached into his pocket to get his check . The check was nowhere to be found .	PERSON just had a check in his hand . He walked in the house from his truck . He thought he put it on the table . He looked back in his truck . The check was laying on the ground .	PERSON lost a $ 50 bill somewhere . She was so upset , she almost cried . Then , the next day , doing laundry , she found it ! It was wet , wrinkled , and clean in the washer ! PERSON was elated !	PERSON was in the bakery buying bread . She handed over a $ 50 bill to the cashier to pay . She got the chance and went out of the store . The wind was so strong that it took the money away . She tried to catch it but it was gone .	PERSON was at the store checking out . She looked in her wallet but could n't find her money . She looked in other parts of her purse . She realized there was a line forming . PERSON could n't find the cash so she paid with her card .	One day PERSON was driving home from work . He needed to drop by the cleaners to pick up his clothes . As he got out of his car he saw something green on the ground . As he stepped closer he saw that it was money . There were 10 100 dollar bills laying on the ground !	I was walking down the street with a friend . I ended up losing my wallet out of my pocket . I went back to search for it . I could n't find it . I ended up being very disappointed that I had lost $ 20 dollars .	PERSON did n't trust the banks . He kept most of his money in cash . He would bury it out in his yard . One day PERSON had a heart attack and died . Everyone dug up his yard looking for money .	PERSON was trying to pay off his credit card . He sent money through the credit card application . After a few days , he had an overdue charge . The bank representative told him that they never received a payment . However , he looked into his account and there was no money .
quitting smoking	PERSON had been smoking for 12 years . PERSON decided she did not want to smoke anymore . She collected information on how to quit . She purchased nicotine patches . PERSON was ultimately able to stop smoking .	Will wanted to quit smoking . It gave him a bad cough . He bought a nicotine patch at the store . Used the patch for a month . He finally quit smoking .	PERSON was a pack a day smoker for the last 5 years . He was determined to quit on his birthday . When it was his birthday , he threw out all his cigarettes . He craved cigarettes all week but was able to refrain from smoking . He finally was able to get rid of his cravings after a month .	PERSON wanted to quit smoking . In the morning he made a coffee for himself . He got phone call from work . They fired him . He had to go to smoke one cigarette .	PERSON really wanted to quit smoking cigarettes . He tried many different options . No matter what gums or patches he tried , nothing worked . PERSON realized he just needed to quit cold turkey . It was very hard but he felt better when he quit .	PERSON had smoked most of his life . He decided to quit . It was hard . He often relapsed . He still realized it was the best choice .	PERSON had been smoking since he was young . His friends and family begged him to quit . He finally decided to do it . Unfortunately he was n't able to . He kept trying but constantly failed .	PERSON wanted to quit smoking . He tried different methods . None seemed that effective . Eventually he noticed he was smoking less . PERSON took it as a minor victory .	PERSON smoked his entire life . He decided to quite for his health . It was really hard at first . Tim often caved and smoked . After a while it became easier to stop .
frisbee	PERSON never played with a frisbee before . We walked to the store and purchased a frisbee . Then we went to the park . I showed todd how to catch and throw a frisbee . PERSON is now joining a ultimate frisbee team .	I was bored while eating lunch . My dog was begging for my food . I told her I did n't have any left . I finally threw the plate across the room like a frisbee . She ran after it and licked it .	PERSON went to the beach . PERSON played frisbee . PERSON hit someone in the head with the frisbee . PERSON apologized . PERSON stopped playing frisbee on the beach .	I just bought a puppy ! The puppy had never played with a frisbee . Thus , I took him to the backyard to play frisbee . Alas , the puppy did not understand the game . I gave up and we went back inside the house .	PERSON was playing frisbee with his dog . PERSON accidentally threw it into a tree . His dog somehow brought him a ball to hit it down . PERSON managed to get his frisbee . Although he has his Frisbee , PERSON realised someone now lost their ball .	PERSON was walking through the park . He saw people playing frisbee . He asked if he could joined . The group invited him . PERSON had fun playing frisbee .	PERSON went to the park to play Frisbee . When she got there , she was disappointed . The weather was cold and very , very windy ! The wind stole her Frisbee and whipped it all over . PERSON decided to go home and wait for a calmer day .	PERSON and PERSON went to the beach . They started to toss the Frisbee back and forth . They played Frisbee for hours . They laughed and chatted as they played . They both had a great time on their beach trip !	Some friends invited me to play frisbee on the quad . It was my first time and I was nervous . I did n't want to look dumb or unathletic . I figured it would be easy enough . Unfortunately I got it stuck on a tree in the first throw .
chicken	We had roast chicken for dinner last night . We usually buy a roasted chicken . Last night my wife roasted chicken from scratch . Our cat sat under the table hoping to get a piece . The cat was disappointed , as she did not get a scrap .	PERSON was cooking chicken . It came out raw with red in the middle . He tried it again . He burned the chicken . After five more tries , he finally cooked the perfect chicken .	PERSON loves to cook . She decided to try a new recipe . She followed the instructions perfectly . However , when she tasted the chicken something was missing . PERSON forgot to add the oregano .	My girlfriend make chicken and broccoli casserole for dinner . This is one of my favorite meals . However , the chicken came out a little pink . We were worried it was a little undercooked . We just put it back in the oven to ensure we do not get sick .	My wife bought rotisserie chicken for dinner on Monday . The cat loves this dish . She lay under the table , sniffing . My wife gave her some chicken so we could eat in peace . The cat was very happy that night .	Kia pet almost every animal at the petting zoo . But when she got to the chickens , she paused . She thought they might be nasty or mean . Gathering her courage , she bent and stroked one . To her surprise , it was soft and friendly !	PERSON was cooking dinner . She bought all the ingredients to make chicken and rice . She cooked the rice beforehand . She added the chicken to the mix . The dish turned out perfect .	The chicken place was a two mile drive away . I had to fight through a lot of traffic . When I got there , the line was long . I ended up stuck in the drive through for a long time . I got our chicken and went back home .	He had a craving for chicken . He wanted to try the fast food place he saw . He said he did n't agree with their beliefs . Still , he decided to try it . He ate a grilled chicken sandwich and loved it .
the phone call	Will greatly missed his grandparents . His grandparents had moved to another state for warmer weather . His grandparents did n't own a cell phone at the time . One day , Will got a random call on his cell phone . He answered it and was surprised to hear from his grandparents .	PERSON heard his phone ringing . It was his best friend calling him . The friend had bad news . He was getting a divorce . PERSON decided to invite his friend over to console him .	I answered the phone to an unknown caller for some reason . The voice asked for me by name . I told I was n't home but maybe they could leave a message . Then they said it was for a job interview . I confessed it was me and ultimately got the job .	PERSON had bloodwork done two weeks ago . Today , the doctor called her and said she needed more tests . The doctor did n't tell her why , so she is worrying . PERSON was very tense and anxious when she had more blood drawn . PERSON finally got to talk to the doctor .	The mom heard the phone ringing . She answered the phone call quickly . It was the school saying her daughter was sick . She raced to the school and brought the girl home . That was her least favorite kind of phone call !	PERSON had a job interview . He 's waiting for a phone call . The phone rings . Frank picks up the phone . He got the job .	PERSON had been waiting for her crush to call all day . She gave him her number at school that morning . He said he needed help with math . Unfortunately it 's getting late and he never called . Then the phone rings .	PERSON 's friends were fighting . PERSON was last to find out . She called her friends PERSON , and PERSON on a conference call . PERSON was excited to be in on the action . She was disappointed to hear the fight was over .	PERSON was sitting at home alone . She heard the phone ring . She answered the phone after a few rings . It was her mother on the phone . PERSON talked to her mother for about an hour .
LOCATION trip	One day PERSON went to LOCATION . First he went to PERSON PERSON PERSON PERSON . Then he went to the Museum of Florida History . Then he went to the LOCATION building . He had a great time .	PERSON went on a trip alone . He went to LOCATION . It was a very romantic place . PERSON felt more alone than ever . He regretted his trip and went home early .	PERSON wanted to take her friends on vacation with her to LOCATION . She wanted to show them where she grew up . As the girls arrived in the city they were in awe . They thought it was great where she grew up . By the end of the trip they could n't wait to go back .	PERSON has never been to LOCATION . He has always wanted to visit LOCATION . PERSON saved up enough money for his LOCATION trip . PERSON spent a whole week in LOCATION . He enjoyed every minute of it .	PERSON went to LOCATION LOCATION for his bachelor party . He went with several close friends . They all had a lot of fun . They got into some minor trouble . Overall PERSON loved his experience .	PERSON was heading to LOCATION LOCATION for a weekend . Once he got there he went straight to a casino . PERSON did n't leave the casino except to eat and sleep . PERSON ended up blowing all of his money gambling . On the way back home , PERSON swore he was never going back .	One day PERSON took a trip to LOCATION . First she visited LOCATION LOCATION . Then she went to the Magnificent Mile . Finally she went to LOCATION LOCATION . She had a great time .	One day PERSON went to LOCATION . First she went to PERSON PERSON PERSON . Then she went to Impression 5 Science Center . Finally she went to the LOCATION LOCATION . She had a fun day .	One day LOCATION went to LOCATION . First she went to Pikes Peak . Then she visited the LOCATION of the Gods . Finally she visited LOCATION Mountain Zoo . She had a great time .
the vet	PERSON is not a very nice cat . She went to the vet for a check-up on Saturday . The vet did not heed our warnings , and was bit several times . The vet had to go to the hospital for stitches . The vet started listening better to pet owners .	A dog was found in a gutter . The savior took it to a vet . The vet ran some tests . The dog felt much better . The dog lived .	PERSON 's cat was very nervous in a carrier at the vet . The cat meowed and meowed and was n't happy at all . The vet examined the cat and gave it shots . The cat yelped and got back in the carrier . PERSON tried to comfort the cat , paid for services , and went home .	PERSON 's dog was sick . She took him to the vet . The vet said he needed some medicine . The medication cost $ 200 ! PERSON grudgingly paid the vet .	The owner rushed her dog to the vet . The vet said he needed emergency surgery . The owner was n't sure how she would pay for it . The vet said he would do it for free . It was important for him to keep the dog healthy .	I made an appointment for my dog to get a check up . On the day of the appointment , my dog was excited to go for a ride . The closer we got to the vet , the more nervous he got . At the vet she started to relax and even got a treat . She had a good day , and does n't hate the vet .	PERSON noticed his dog was sleeping a lot . He tried to feed him but he would n't eat . Worried , he took his dog to the vet . The vet took an X-ray of PERSON 's dog . They were shocked to find several objects in the dog 's stomach .	Yesterday I had a vet appointment for my dog , PERSON . He seemed really nervous all day . When it was time to go I had a really hard time getting him in the car Once we got there he really liked the vet . I do n't think I will have a problem again .	PERSON 's dog was sick . He took him to the vet . The vet checked him out thoroughly . He could n't find the problem . PERSON took the dog home and watched him carefully .
shaving	There was a dad and son . The dad wanted to teach his son to shave . He taught him to be careful He taught him to get a close shave . The boy remembers this forever .	I was shaving the other day . While I was shaving I cut myself pretty bad . I had to go look for a band aid . I could n't find one so I had to ask my neighbor for one . Thankfully , my neighbor had a bandaid for me .	PERSON disliked shaving his face . PERSON bought a DIY razor . PERSON never received compliments after using the DIY razor . PERSON used a proper blade and shaved one day . PERSON was happy to receive compliments with his clean shave .	I cut myself shaving yesterday . I used a stinging stipple pen to stop the bleeding . It was surprisingly effective . I do n't know why more people do n't use them for cuts elsewhere . I think I shall spread the word about this thing .	I had a big job interview last week . I had to shave before the interview . I went to the store just to get a razor and some cream . I got the razor and shaved my face . I really think shaving helped me get a job .	PERSON had not shaved for 2 weeks . Her legs looked like a boys . When she went to shave , she cut her leg . It bled and bled . PERSON vowed to never shave again .	There was a heavy guy with a big beard . A girl said she would date him if he trimmed it . He went right away to a barber . The barber tried to trim it but it was too thick . The guy remained lonely to this day .	PERSON was shaving his beard . He did n't have any shaving cream . PERSON tried using regular soap . The soap did n't work as well as his shaving cream . PERSON nicked his face shaving .	PERSON had to explain to me why swimmers have to shave their bodies . I caught PERSON shaven this legs and thought it was very weird . He told me he made the swim team and they all shave . He said that having no had on your body makes you swim faster . Although I think it 's weird I respect PERSON 's commitment to the team .
PERSON 's shoes	PERSON 's mother told him to always put his shoes away . PERSON did not always listen . When it was time to get dressed he could not find his shoes . He looked all over the house while they got later and later . PERSON 's mother found his shoes in the shower .	PERSON was playing outside . He tripped over a rock . Both of his shoes came off . He picked up both shoes . He put his shoes back on his feet .	PERSON put on his shoes . The lace was missing on one of the shoes . PERSON checked his room for a spare lace . He could n't find another place for the shoe . PERSON put on a different pair of shoes .	PERSON wanted new shoes . She told her mom . Her mom told her to wait till friday . PERSON began to cry . When friday came PERSON and her mom went to the shoe store .	PERSON always wore the same shoes . They were black with white laces . He needed a new pair badly . He was finally convinced to buy a new pair . PERSON finally bought a black pair with black laces for work .	PERSON built himself a pair of shoes . His friends admired his shoes . PERSON built some shoes for his friends . People began asking PERSON if they could buy some shoes . PERSON opened his own shoe store .	PERSON had always had back pain after working . His job required him to stand for a long time . Finally a coworker recommended he buy a new pair of shoes . PERSON bought new shoes that were very comfortable . Finally his back pain was gone .	PERSON is a high school teacher . His students liked to tease PERSON . He figured it was his shoes . PERSON bought a nice new pair of shoes . They no longer had a reason to tease PERSON .	PERSON needed new ballet shoes . Her old shoes were beginning to fall apart . This was affecting her dancing . Her father lent her the money for shoes . After her first dance show , she paid him back .
out of milk	Today , I wanted to bake a cake . When I opened the fridge to get the milk , I realized I had run out . I went to the store and bought some milk . I came home and realized I had bought expired milk . I did n't get to bake a cake .	PERSON was getting his kids fed one morning . He went to fill his toddlers cup with milk but found none . Since his toddler needed milk every day , he would have to go out . He bundled his kids up in the car and rushed to the store . Finally , they had their milk and breakfast could proceed .	PERSON was at the grocery store . He bought cereal and breakfast items . Unfortunately he forgot the milk . When PERSON got home he was n't able to eat anything . He had to return to the store to get the milk .	PERSON wanted to eat breakfast . He realized he was out of milk . It was a key ingredient in several key dishes . PERSON decided to skip breakfast entirely . He bought milk later in the day for the next morning .	PERSON wanted cereal for breakfast . He poured it out in a bowl . He added bananas and sugar . PERSON then realized that he was out of milk . He wound up having to eat everything dry .	PERSON wanted cereal for breakfast . They did n't have enough milk for it . He poured out what was left . He watered it down a bit more . It was barely enough to satisfy him .	There was a storm going into PERSON 's town . He decided to wait until the last minute to buy groceries . When he went to the store they were out of all the essentials . PERSON got junk food instead . He made it through the storm but not in a healthy fashion .	PERSON noticed the milk jug was empty . She did not feel like going to the grocery store . She asked her husband if he could pick some on his way home from work . He agreed to buy a gallon of skim milk . PERSON was happy she did n't have to go to the store .	PERSON was getting ready for work . He did n't have enough time to make breakfast . PERSON decided to just eat some cereal . He poured out the cereal before checking the milk . Unfortunately there was n't enough milk for the cereal .
engagement	PERSON had been dating PERSON for a year . He knew he wanted to marry her . He went to the jewelry store and bought a ring . He took her to dinner and popped the question . She said yes .	My husband proposed to me on Christmas day . He tried to trick me into thinking he bought a huge present . He went into the other room and had me close my eyes . Then he made a lot of noise like he was carrying something heavy . When I opened my eyes he was down on one knee !	PERSON was in a courtship . She was excited about it . Her boyfriend PERSON invited her to the park . When she saw him he got down on one knee . He proposed to her .	PERSON and PERSON went dancing that night to celebrate their engagement . But as soon as they arrived at the nightclub , PERSON ignored her . He danced with all the girls before he returned to PERSON . At the end of the night , she threw the new sparkling ring in his face . And she left with her pride intact while his ego was slashed .	PERSON was planning on proposing to his girlfriend tonight . When PERSON proposed , his girlfriend PERSON called her parents right away . When PERSON 's parents heard the news they were elated . PERSON was very excited and could not believe this was happening . PERSON could not believe she was going to be a wife .	PERSON and PERSON had been dating for three years . On the night of their third anniversary , PERSON took PERSON to dinner . He had been acting strange all night . While at dinner , he all of a sudden dropped to one knee . He proposed to PERSON and she said yes .	PERSON and PERSON had been dating for 4 months . He was already convinced he would marry her . He found the perfect ring and bought it . One night he took her to dinner . While out he proposed and she said yes .	PERSON and PERSON were set to be engaged . She knew she would receive a ring one day . PERSON had been sneaking around . He asked her to meet him for dinner . He pulled out a box and brought out the ring .	Yesterday my boyfriend proposed . It was the cutest thing . He put the ring in a fortune cookie . When I opened it was was elated . It was a great movement .
sharing	PERSON offered PERSON the last of her cigarette . She was finished , and thought he might want some . He said that he did , but only if she was finished . She was finished , so gave it to him . PERSON finished the cigarette .	PERSON was on his way to a party . He hailed a taxi . Right behind him someone else waved it down too . PERSON decided to share it . They were both going the same general direction .	PERSON would never share any of his toys . However , he always wanted toys from everyone else . One day his friends took a stand . They refused to share anything with PERSON . PERSON then changed his ways and shared his toys .	PERSON has to always share with her little sister . She does n't like sharing her favorite toys with anyone . Her little sister just recently got a new toy as a birthday present . PERSON wanted to play with the toy . She was surprised her little sister let her play with the toy .	PERSON 's daughter did not want to share her toys . PERSON did not know how to make her think differently . PERSON 's daughter made a new friend at school . PERSON 's daughter liked the new friend so much she shared with her . PERSON was relieved that the problem had solved itself .	PERSON forgot his English book . So a classmate , PERSON , was told to share with him . PERSON was annoyed that he had to share books . But PERSON later apologized to PERSON . After class , they talked to each other and became friends .	PERSON and PERSON are twin sisters . They have always shared everything , their whole lives . Today , they are shopping together . They found a bag they both like , but there is only one in the store . They choose to split the cost and alternate days using it .	PERSON and PERSON had to share an Xbox . They always fought over the system . PERSON had an idea . They would take turns . Both of the boys were happy .	PERSON and PERSON are brother and sister . They both love dinosaurs . One day , PERSON lost his dinosaur . He was very sad . PERSON decided to share her dinosaur to make PERSON happy .
braces	PERSON had braces for two Year 's . After her braces came off her teeth looked wonderful . She remembers when the braces were first put on . She was depressed about it then . Now she can look back and be happy she had braces .	PERSON dreaded going back to school because she had new braces . She practiced ways to cover her mouth so no one would notice . PERSON kept her mouth tightly closed riding the bus to school . She entered her class and took a seat in the back . Then a classmate turned and smiled with a mouthful of braces .	PERSON wore braces . She did not like them . When she left the company of her parents she removed rubber bands . She was happy about this . When her parents found out , they became upset .	PERSON had braces put on when she started her junior year . A lot of people made fun of her during the school year . When her senior year came around , PERSON still had her braces on . PERSON finally graduated and she even had her braces removed . She went on to college with a smile and a lot of confidence .	I had a crooked tooth . I went to the orthodontist a few times as a kid . My mom would check me out of school to go . She would take me out to eat . In a few months my tooth was straight .	PERSON has crooked teeth . She has hated her teeth all of her life . So one day she decides to look into getting braces . The dentist tells her she 's a good candidate to have them . PERSON gets braces put on that very day .	PERSON could not afford braces as a child . As an adult , his crooked teeth bothered him . He saved his wages for months . then he went to get his braces put on . Finally , after many years , PERSON had a straight smile !	PERSON received braces as a kid . After getting them off , she did n't wear her retainer . Her teeth moved drastically . She reached her 20 's with crooked teeth . Now she has to pay thousands of dollars for her young mistake .	PERSON drove to the orthodontist for his appointment . The front desk workers directed him to a room . The orthodontist prepared him for his operation . He gave PERSON several medications . After the operation , PERSON had his braces installed .
food poisoning	PERSON went out to eat at a steakhouses with some friends . As soon as he got home PERSON felt very sick . He vomited for three hours and had a bad headache . After three hours he suddenly felt better . PERSON read online that he had the common symptoms of food poisoning .	PERSON and PERSON loved Indian food . One night , they decided to order some for dinner . When it arrived they ate it all hungrily . The next morning , though , PERSON was sick from food poisoning . Indian food was ruined for him forever after .	The Italian soccer team went on the field . They started running drills . One of the team members fell ill . Then several others complained of stomach pain . They realized that they had all ate at the same place for lunch .	Drew went to the county fair with his friends . Once he got there , he bought a chicken sandwich . Something seemed off about it , but he kept eating . An hour later he became violently ill . He spent the next day and a half bedridden with food poisoning .	Last week PERSON decided to try this new Chinese restaurant in town . PERSON loves chinese food and was looking forward to it . At the restaurant he had some sushi which is his favorite . The next morning he was diagnosed with food poisoning by his doctor . PERSON will not eat at this new restaurant ever again .	PERSON and PERSON ate at a restaurant last night . They both had the same meal . The next morning they both felt very sick . They both had food poisoning . They called the restaurant to tell them .	PERSON had a big cookout . He invited several family and friends . Unfortunately he used some bad meat . Several people got sick . PERSON had given them food poisoning .	PERSON went out to lunch with some of his friends . They all enjoyed their meal but soon started to feel ill . By the next day all of them were very sick . They all had to miss work ! PERSON and his friends will never go to that restaurant again .	PERSON ordered Chinese food . That same night he felt sick to his stomach . He threw up and had diarrhea . The next day he got checked up . A doctor told him he had minor food poisoning .
the climb	PERSON and PERSON were out hiking a trail at a state park . It was an expert-level trail , with many steep and narrow inclines . They took their time , but PERSON still slipped once and scraped her knee After several hours they finally made it to the top . The view was fantastically breath-taking .	PERSON was almost at the top of the rock face when a storm came in . Forced to stay below the summit he braced himself in his tent . Just when he was about to get blown off , a rope fell down . A fellow climber offered him help to climb up . He made it the rest of the way as his tent fell all the way down .	PERSON loved being active . He decided to climb a mountain . He bought all the gear he needed . Then he climbed the tallest mountain in his state . He saw an amazing view at the top !	PERSON decided to go rock climbing with his friends . He did not use a safety harness since he had climbed before He slipped and fell 30 feet to the ground . He broke his ankle and had to have surgery on his back . Next time he goes climbing , he is using a harness .	PERSON was afraid of heights . Her friends wanted to go mountain climbing . Instead of staying on the ground , she decided to face of her fears . PERSON decided to climb an indoor mountain . She did fine and was able to go with her friends .	PERSON climbed to the very top of the tree . As he swayed on the branches , he saw his house in the distance . PERSON felt like a king from that height and raised his arms high . He lost his balance however and fell crashing through the branches . As PERSON hung dearly for his life , he realized not to do that again .	PERSON needed something new . He had just broke up with his long time girlfriend . He decided he needed to take on a challenge . He called his buddies up and told them he wanted to climb . He climbed to the very top of the highest mountain .	I used to go free-hand rock climbing . Lots of people warned me that it was risky . I ignored them and wound up falling some nineteen feet . I was very bruised , but I was also happy to be alive . I have n't climbed since and think of that fall as a lesson learned .	The minister had to fix the weathervane on top of the church steeple . He said a prayer and climbed up the side of the church . When he was half-way up he saw a car roll through a stop sign . The minister yelled at the driver to be more careful . The driver did n't see him and thought god was yelling at him .
the bus	PERSON liked adventure . He decided to live in a bus . He could drive anywhere he wanted . He decorated the bus and put a bed in it . He was ready to take an adventure .	PERSON was late for school . He ran outside to catch his bus . He saw the bus about to leave . He signaled for it to stop . He quickly got on .	PERSON loved to ride her school bus and was never late for it . Until one day , she overslept . She awoke just in time to hear the bus rumble past her house . She ran after the bus but was n't able to catch it . For the first time ever , PERSON had to walk to school .	PERSON was getting off the school bus at her stop . As she walked down the aisle she tripped over a foot . She looked up to see the girl who tripped her laughing with a friend . PERSON ran off the bus and into the house . She locked her door , lay on her bad and cried .	A woman was a racial minority . She was forced to sit in the back of the bus . She decided that she did n't like that . She went to sit in the front of the bus . She changed history forever .	As PERSON was getting on the bus one morning , suddenly she could n't move PERSON pulled and pulled , but she could n't budge . She screamed and screamed and tried to walk , but she could n't . She looked behind her and realized her coat was stuck on the bus . She pulled her coat off and got on the bus .	PERSON had finally gained traction on the icy hill . She was almost onto the main street . She looked up to see a bus speeding towards her . She could n't stop now because she was finally up the hill . At the last moment she turned onto the shoulder and missed the bus .	He had hardly any money left . He had no job . He had nowhere to go . He would sit on the city bus for hours in order to waste time . Something soon would change , he told himself .	PERSON went to find her school bus to go home . She arrived in time to see the buses driving off , one by one . As they drove past her she pretended not to care . She called her mom , but she did n't answer . PERSON walked all the way home alone .
freedom	PERSON was arrested for a day since she was drunk driving . After she got out , her whole attitude changed . She tried to help her mom out around the house more . She also gave her little siblings an allowance each week . Her friends would remind her that she 's changed a lot .	Several security guards arrived at PERSON 's jail cell . After talking to him for a couple of minutes , they opened the cell . PERSON skipped out of the cell in laughter . However , he was disappointed since no one wanted to see him . He stood outside of the prison for the rest of the day .	PERSON went into the desert isle . Although she had diabetes , she grabbed several pastries . She began to munch on them . Afterwards , her stomach started to hurt her . I gave her a bowl to vomit in .	The bumble trapped in LOCATION 's net seemed upset . At least PERSON 's assumed that 's what all the buzzing was about . Bees are good for making honey PERSON 's determined . PERSON 's carefully turned the net inside out . The bee flew out of the net to freedom .	PERSON closed down his laptop after finally typing the last word . He stretched for a long time , massaging aches and pains away . Finally , he pushed away from the desk , his old steady companion . Smiling to himself , he realized he was a free man . The book was finished he thought as he walked out of the room .	There was a hurricane warning inside of the school . The security guards told all of the classmates to stand still . All of us were in the cafeteria and could n't get out . A few hours later , the hurricane watch was called off . All of us ran outside in a happy manner .	PERSON was born in LOCATION LOCATION and never had parents . She spent five years in an overcrowded orphanage . Then she was adopted by a wealthy European couple . They showered her with gifts and love . PERSON is sure she 's now the happiest child in the world !	PERSON was in jail for ten Year 's . Her release date finally arrived . PERSON was released from jail and set free . She breathed in deeply and cried with joy . After ten Years , she was finally a free woman !	PERSON had a hard job . She was overworked and had no paid time off . She decided to quit her job . Now , she was free to do as she pleased . Alas , her savings quickly ran out and she had to get a job .
pancakes	PERSON invited his girl over for breakfast one morning . He rose extra-early to cook for her . He whipped up a big batch of fluffy pancakes . Then he served them to his hungry girl . She raved about how yummy they were !	You would think that I would eat my breakfast at home . That is were normal people eat their food . Instead I took my pancakes in the car and was driving while eating . This was not a good idea . When the syrup fell off my pancake , I looked down and hit a car .	PERSON woke early one Sunday . She decided to make her mom breakfast . She fried up some tasty pancakes and served her mom breakfast in bed ! Even though her mom knew there was a mess in the kitchen , she smiled . She appreciated PERSON 's thoughtful effort .	The man made pancakes . He poured syrup on the pancakes . He took a bite . He accidentally had used raspberry syrup . He gave the rest of the pancakes to his sister .	PERSON was cooking pancakes for his kids . He was n't a good cook and burned the pancakes . PERSON told his kids to get in the car . He brought his kids to a restaurant . The kids were excited to eat out .	PERSON had decided to surprise her mom and dad . She was going to make them pancakes . PERSON mixed all the ingredients together . She was quite good at cooking for her age . Her parents were impressed and enjoyed the pancakes .	I had pancakes for breakfast today . I usually have them with blueberries . Today was special though , I had them with chocolate chips today . I think from now on I 'll have them with chocolate chips . So long blueberries , we had a good time .	PERSON was making his wife blueberry pancakes for breakfast . After mixing the buster , he found he had a problem . There were no blueberries left in the freezer ! So he sliced up a banana and stirred that in instead . His wife loved her delicious banana pancake breakfast !	PERSON stayed over at her friend 's house . She woke up before everyone else . She went to the kitchen . She got out the pancake mix . She made them all pancakes .
race	PERSON was training for a race . Every day she ran . She grew faster and faster . On race day she was well prepared . PERSON ended up winning the race !	It was race day and PERSON PERSON got into his car . He looked over to his opponent Sorbol Smoalbol . PERSON smiled back at him and lined up at the starting point . They both revved their engines , but he starting signal never came . The race commencer had a heart attack , canceling the race .	PERSON entered an obstacle course race . He was not prepared for what he was about to face . He went through fire . He went through ice . He was glad to finally finish .	The weather predicted heavy rain in the mid-afternoon . PERSON forgot her umbrella , so she nervously watched the clouds gather . After school , she grabbed her bag and raced off as fast as she could ! Just as she arrived home , the sky opened up with a huge downpour . PERSON was relieved to have beat the rains home !	PERSON thought she was good at skiing . She challenged her friend to a race . On the way down the slopes , her friend crashed . PERSON stopped to help her friend . Later her friend beat her down the mountain .	The man held up a flag . At the start of the race he put it down . He set the flag on the ground . Somebody took the flag . He had to start the next race with a shirt .	PERSON was racing against PERSON on motorcycles . Both of their families were very worried of the danger involved . John assured them it 'd be okay so they believed him . During the race PERSON purposely gave up and let PERSON win . He decided he did n't want to risk the danger to win !	PERSON had a race to attend this Saturday . She has been training all season for this race . She decided to relax a week before the race to not overwork herself . She felt clear minded on the day of the race . She managed to get first place !	PERSON was driving and stopped at an intersection . And he saw his friend next to him . They decided to race for fun . But PERSON lost control and got into a car accident . And his friend felt guilty for the rest of his life .
cleaning	PERSON was happy when she had a day off in the middle of the week . She decided to finally start her spring cleaning . She started with her closest first , taking out clothes she did n't wear . PERSON also cleaned her basement of all its clutter . She loaded her car and drove everything to the local Goodwill store .	Today I was cleaning the attic at my childhood home . I found an old box that used to belong to me . Inside the box were some of my old toys . I decided to pull out some of the toys for my kids to play with . Watching my children play with the toys reminded me of being a child .	PERSON loved to clean his home . One day after a very big party , the house was very messy . There was even pizza on the roof . PERSON took almost three days to clean it . After cleaning the house , he was satisfied .	PERSON had a great job . PERSON made a lot of money . PERSON ' home was often a mess . PERSON strongly disliked cleaning . PERSON hired a maid to clean .	PERSON was cleaning out her house . She had tons of unused clothes , trinkets , and other belongings . All the clutter was stored in multiple boxes . PERSON was n't sure what to do with everything . She decided she would donate them to charity .	I cleaned the bathroom . With four boys in the house , it was very messy . The toilet was the most disgusting part . The tub and sink were n't all too bad . I was so relieved when I finished .	PERSON wanted to have a clean house . He could not afford a maid . He decided to buy cleaning supplies . He cleaned his house himself . He was happy to be living in a very clean home .	PERSON was helping his dad clean the basement . They found a bunch of old baseball cards . PERSON 's dad said PERSON could have the cards . PERSON went and researched all the players on the cards . He started watching more baseball with his dad .	I decided to clean out all the closets . I got a rag and a trash bag . I went into the closets and picked through the old clothing . After throwing out the old stuff , I started cleaning . I wiped down all the shelves and doors .
sick day	PERSON hates his job . He ca n't bear the thought of going into work that day . PERSON calls in sick even though he feels fine . When PERSON 's boss comes to check on him he realizes PERSON is not sick . He fires PERSON .	PERSON was feeling very sick one day . She had been playing with a friend who now had strep throat . PERSON realized her throat was starting to hurt . Her mom took her to the doctor , where her throat was cultured . Sure enough , she had gotten strep throat too !	My friend , PERSON , looked awful yesterday when I saw her . She had come down with the flu . She spent all day in bed . Karen does n't expect to be better for at least a week . So she ca n't really accomplish anything for a few days .	I had to call into work this morning because of the flu . I woke up feeling groggy , and realized I felt extremely hot and weak . My boss did n't take it too lightly , and was a little upset . But it 's better than forcing myself into a situation I could n't do . I think I 'll go to sleep now , I 'm losing my strength typing this .	I woke up in the morning sweating and coughing . My mom came into the room and saw that I was n't feeling well . She told me to stay home and get some rest . I fell back asleep as soon as she left the room . After I woke up , I played video games all day .	PERSON went home early from work . He was feeling well so he took the rest of the day off . When he got home , his wife made him some soup . He enjoyed the soup from the couch before falling asleep . He felt much better when he woke up from his sleep .	PERSON worked in retail . He was really sick one day . His boss would n't let him have the day off without a replacement . PERSON called everyone but nobody could cover his shift . PERSON wound up having to work sick .	Kia woke up feeling a bit ill . She called in sick to work . Then she went back to bed for a while . She took a few aspirin when she woke up . Soon she was feeling much better .	PERSON woke up with a stomachache . His mom took PERSON 's temperature . PERSON had a bad fever . She called PERSON in sick from school . PERSON was happy to not go to school today .
new house	I looked at several houses . The city was huge and they were being bought fast . The housing crisis had created low prices . I picked amongst what was left . I was satisfied with my choice .	My sister-in-law lost her husband in 2015 . She had nobody else at home . She has started to visit her sister in LOCATION , 90 miles away . Last week she inquired about buying a house in that area . Her sister approves of the idea .	PERSON just purchased a new home . She found something that she can fix up the way she likes . One of her favorite things about it is that she has a garden . Gardening is very relaxing to her . She plans to move in and hopefully be gardening by the fall .	A year ago , I decided I wanted to buy a house . I did a lot of research and attended a workshop for homebuyers . Then , I found a realtor . After looking at 15 houses , I found my dream home ! Within 45 days , I closed on the house and became a homeowner .	PERSON dreamed of the day he would be a homeowner . Recently , PERSON was about to make this dream come true . PERSON purchased a lot near the beach in LOCATION to build his house . PERSON was told construction would begin during the winter season . PERSON was proud of that he finally would attain home ownership .	PERSON family was house hunting for a new place to live . He did n't want to move to a new house . PERSON would have to leave behind his best friends . His father explained he would make new friends . Peter father was right in time he made new friends .	Sue wanted a new house . She had been renting for years . She finally decided to start house hunting . She found the perfect house . She put in an offer and it was accepted .	PERSON had always wanted to buy her own house . Renting an apartment in her city was very expensive . On a whim , she went to an open house . She fell in love with the new house and hurried to find a realtor . It only took three weeks and the new house was her 's .	PERSON bought a new house . It was just built . PERSON did n't realize they cut so many corners . The house started falling apart right away . PERSON was devastated .
high heels	PERSON never wore high heels . She was going to a big dance . PERSON decided to wear heels for the first time . Within the first hour her feet were killing her . PERSON had to take them off and stopped dancing .	PERSON was going out . She decided to wear high heels . They looked great . Unfortunately they were too uncomfortable . PERSON had to go home early .	PERSON loved to wear high heels . She was wearing her favorite pair one day and stepped in a crack . She got stuck and could n't get out . It ruined her shoe . Luckily she was able to get it fixed .	PERSON loved shoes . She particularly loved high heels and wanted to buy more . She went shopping . She found a great pair of high heels and bought them . She was happy with her purchase .	PERSON wanted to go to the club with friends . She decided to wear new heels she just bought . Within minutes PERSON 's feet were killing her . She forced herself to keep wearing the heels throughout the night . The next day PERSON could barely walk .	PERSON bought four inch heels to wear with her prom dress . She usually wore flats , so this was very different for her . When her date picked her up she realized she was now taller than him . She had the dress hemmed based on the heels , so she had to wear them . She spent the evening looking down at him !	I bought a great pair of red shoe at the shoe store . I tried them on with my dress when I got home . I realized the shoes made me taller than my husband . I had to return them to the store . I ended up getting a white pair with no heels .	PERSON was strutting on the sidewalk when a man stole her purse . As she was wearing high heels , she could n't run very fast . She removed them to sprint after the thief . And when she caught up to him , she hit him with her shoe . The heel rammed into the thief 's neck , so he dropped the purse .	PERSON fell in love with a pair of high heels . She knew she did n't need them . She decided to buy them anyway . She ended up dipping into her budget . PERSON did not have enough money to pay her rent .
surfing	PERSON was a world-class surfer . He entered a surfing competition in LOCATION . One the day of the competition , the waves were very harsh . He was n't sure he could make it , but he finished the contest . He did n't place , but he was glad for the opportunity to compete .	PERSON went surfing with her friends one morning . As it was her first time , she took it slowly . She started by kneeling on the surfboard . And eventually she made it to a stand up position . When she managed to surf for two seconds , she screamed in victory .	Drew wanted to learn to surf . He bought a surfboard and set out to the ocean . Unfortunately he lived in the middle of the country . He was miles from the ocean . It took him Years to get there .	PERSON was surfing at the beach . PERSON fell off the surfboard . The board flew up into the air . It crashed into the air and was broken under the waves . PERSON picked up the pieces and went home .	PERSON wanted to learn how to surf very badly . Unfortunately , he had lost his foot in an accident . Still , he bought a surfboard and went into the ocean . He pushed himself up on the board , and balanced himself . He did it , he was surfing !	I lived near the beach through my entire childhood and teenagerdom . I never learned to surf . Now I feel like I ought to at least try it . I bought some lessons . I had a good time , but I will probably not keep doing it .	PERSON tried surfing one day It took her several tries to stay on . PERSON eventually got the hang of it . She met several friends when she went surfing . PERSON was glad she tried something different .	PERSON decided to take a surfing class at the beach . She rented a surfboard and went out with her instructor . Every time she tried , she ended up falling off and into the water . After the day of hard work , she decided surfing was n't for her . Now she likes to build sandcastles when she goes to the beach .	PERSON went surfing this weekend alone . He knows you should n't surf alone , but he still went . PERSON was having a lot of fun , until he saw a fin . He knew it was a shark , and started to paddle . He made it to the shore , looked back to see it was only a dolphin .
new movie	PERSON really loved going to the movies . She tried to go at least once a week . This week nobody wanted to go with her . She decided to go alone . She really enjoyed what she watched .	A new movie is coming out that PERSON really wants to see . The movie featured PERSON 's favorite actor . PERSON purchased a ticket online for the movie . He went to the theater to see the movie . PERSON was impressed with the actor 's performance .	PERSON wanted to watch a movie . There were three new ones . He did n't know much about them . He decided to look up previews online . After seeing them PERSON picked one .	A new movie just came out . I was very excited . I took all my friends with me . When we got there though , we were sad . It only lasted one hour .	PERSON and PERSON looked forward to the new Batman movie Friday . They both got off work and met in the box office line . They got two seats in the middle of the theater . When they moved started they both slapped hands and were happy . When the credits rolled , they both walked out with tears , happy tears .	PERSON was out on a date . They decided to watch a new movie . PERSON did n't know much about it . It wound up being a lot of fun . Same decided to watch more new movies .	There was a movie coming out that my friends wanted to see . I suggested that we should all go ! They loved the idea and we planned a day to go . On the day of the plan a lot of us forgot . We ended up reminding each other and going together !	PERSON wanted to go to the movie . She did not want to go by herself . She decided to ask her friends . They finally decided to go . PERSON and her friends had a great time at the movie .	PERSON really wanted to see the midnight release of a new movie . Unfortunately , he was grounded . He waited until his parents were asleep and snuck out . He made a bit too much noise and woke his dad up . PERSON got grounded for even longer .
the fight	PERSON and PERSON did n't like each other . The two boys got into a fight at school . The principal broke the fight up . Both boys were sent home that day . PERSON and PERSON had detention for a week .	PERSON and PERSON got in a fight . They did not talk to each other for two days . They both got very lonely . One day , PERSON apologized . PERSON apologized too so they could be friends again .	PERSON was so angry . She called her friend and started to yell at her . The friend yelled back . They were both angry at what the other had said about them . They screamed for an hour and then PERSON slammed down the phone .	PERSON had a horrible temper . She had dinner with PERSON and they got in a fight . PERSON was horrified with how PERSON acted . The two women stormed out of the restaurant . They had made a huge scene .	PERSON was at a bar over the weekend . There was a drunk annoying guy there . At the end of the night the guy bumped into PERSON . PERSON tried to let it go but the drunk guy started a fight . It was broken up by security almost immediately .	I always thought I was a good fighter , until I had one . I was in the seventh grade and PERSON was the class bully . In a game of football I knocked PERSON down . He stood up and then punched me in the eye . My eye swelled , turned black and I did n't have the courage to punch .	The boxers were in the ring . The bell dinged and they walked out towards each other . They began trading blows . The boxers went back and forth until one of them left his guard down . The other boxer took advantage and with a swift cross knocked him out .	PERSON and PERSON went on a walk . PERSON and PERSON both liked PERSON . When PERSON joined them on the walk , the boys got into a fight . Someone called the police to break the fight up . Their parents were so mad when the police brought them home .	PERSON was at the club . A guy grabbed her butt . PERSON 's boyfriend saw it . He confronted the drunk guy over it . They got into a fight until they were both kicked out .
the circus	The circus was in town and PERSON was going . She could n't wait to see all of the acts . She was enthralled the entire two hours . Her favorites were the animal acts , especially the elephants . The dogs jumping rope were entertaining , too .	The traveling circus was in town . PERSON was excited to go with his family that weekend . On Saturday , PERSON and his family saw animals , acrobats , and clowns . PERSON was filled with increasing delight with each subsequent act . He knew this would be a day he would never forget .	PERSON had never cooked a chicken before . She decided to cook one for dinner one night . She knew that she liked her steaks rare . PERSON cooked the chicken rare . The chicken made PERSON very sick .	PERSON was very happy . Her parents were taking her to the circus . They got their and she was amazed . All the lions and elephants , not to mention the performers . PERSON had an amazing time that day with her family .	The couple was looking for something to do . They decided to go to the circus . The first act was dancing dogs . They clapped and laughed . It had been years since they 'd gone to the circus but this was fun !	PERSON was excited . The circus was in town . He had finally convinced his mom to take him . They arrived at the big top and sat down . PERSON had a wonderful time at the circus with his mom .	The family took a trip to the circus . The kids clapped when the clowns performed . They all cheered when a trapeze artist came out . They ate cotton candy and popcorn . It was a wonderful outing !	As my family got ready for an eventful night out to the circus . I rushed them into the car , as I did n't want to be late . The journey began and we all start getting giddy as we got closer . I pulled into the parking lot , and noticed the draping tent . I turned to my kids , and with a huge smile , told them we 're here !	The family filed out of the van . The had arrived at the circus ! They could n't wait to see the different acts . The first one was some funny clowns . The family all laughed and clapped .
corn	PERSON loved to eat corn . He would eat corn almost every single day . One day , he ate all of his corn . PERSON had to rush to the store and buy more . Finally , PERSON was able to eat more corn and be happy .	PERSON saw a field full of corn . She pulled her car to the side of the road . Then she got out and picked a few ears . But when she cooked it , she was disappointed . It was feed corn and did not taste good at all !	PERSON loved corn . So she decided to grow some in her backyard . The whole process of growing them made her very excited . But she realized that they required too much water . So PERSON quickly abandoned her corn garden idea .	PERSON was a corn farmer . He was on his way to the farmer 's market to sell some corn . When he got there , no one else was selling corn . PERSON ended up selling all of his corn for a hefty profit . PERSON went home and had corn for dinner .	I went to the store the other day to buy some corn . When I got to the store I bought way more corn than I needed . I ran out of room to put all the cans of corn . I had to eat a lot of corn that night just to make room . I still have way too much corn left to eat !	PERSON was going to grill some corn on the cob . She was careful to roast it without burning it . Then she buttered it and bit into it . The corn was sweet and juicy , tasting like summer . PERSON was proud of her great grilling job !	PERSON loved to eat corn . He ate corn almost every single day in fact . After eating a lot of corn , he found out he had no more . This made PERSON run to the store to buy more . Now , PERSON has a lot of corn .	PERSON planted some corn . She tended it in her garden all summer . It grew tall and strong ! Then it came time to harvest the corn . PERSON really enjoyed eating her home grown corn !	PERSON loved helping others . PERSON went to pick corn early one morning . He wanted to feed the hungry people in his community . So he handed out corn to people all afternoon . By the evening no one in his town was hungry .
toys	I loved to get happy meal toys . They were by far the best you could get at a drive thru . I went with excitement for lunch . I got the hamburger that turned into a dinosaur . I played with it for weeks .	PERSON is frustrated . He can not reach his favorite toy . With much effort , Even tried to move toward the toy . Finally , the toy was within his grasp . Even will forever cherish his toy .	Mr PERSON had to buy gifts for his son . He was n't sure what to get . He went to Toys R Us and asked the cashier what to get . He bought some lego toys and some video games . He decided if his son does n't like one , he 'll like the other .	PERSON brought his old toys into a Goodwill . He told the clerk he was too old for them . As he was driving home , he change his mind . He drove back to the store to retrieve them . It was too late , a child had already bought them .	My nephew 's wife works in a bank . One day a customer gave her a bag of toy soldiers . They came packed in little boxes . I sold them on eBay for $ 600 . My nephew was amazed .	PERSON likes to give back to her community . She has spent a lot of time thinking about what she can do . Her friend mentioned doing a toy drive for needy kids for Christmas . They got together and did the drive and took in so many toys ! Over 100 children got an extra gift from their efforts .	PERSON liked toys alot for xmas . And this year she got alot . But she never took care of them . So her mother donated them to a local charity . PERSON even noticed they were gone .	PERSON was playing with his new toy truck . He accidentally threw it out the window . He went out and could not find it . He asked his mom to find it for him . She found it .	I went to toys r us . I had to buy a toy for my child . I found some legos . I purchased it and brought it home . My son loved it .
PERSON 's puppy	PERSON had a baby pomapoo puppy . She named her puppy Pookie because she liked how it sounded . PERSON 's hair was white with some tints of beige around her ears . They would often play together for hours at a time . At night , PERSON and PERSON would share a bed and fall asleep together .	PERSON wanted a puppy . She would go to the local shelters every week . She dreamt of this during school each day . Many of her friends had pets . Finally , for her 8th birthday , PERSON got the puppy she wanted !	PERSON was six years old . He asked his mother for a puppy . His mother said she would buy him one if he would take care of it . PERSON got his new puppy . PERSON was very happy .	PERSON went for a walk one afternoon like she always does . When she walked through the park , she was greeted by a puppy . She adored the puppy and the puppy adored her . She looked everywhere for the owner , but could n't find anyone around . PERSON took the puppy home and raised it to be a loyal companion .	PERSON 's friend got a puppy for his birthday . PERSON had lots of fun playing with his friend 's new pet . PERSON decided to ask his parents if they would get him a puppy . He was upset when his parent 's told him they need time to decide . They decided to get PERSON a puppy for his birthday a month later .	PERSON bought a puppy for his wife , PERSON . She was n't pleased with the new gift . PERSON promised that he 'd help with its care . He proved true to his word by taking the dog outside for a walk . In the end , PERSON said they 'd keep the puppy .	PERSON 's puppy was very sick . She took the puppy to the veterinarian . The veterinarian gave it medication . The puppy began to feel better . PERSON was very happy .	PERSON has always loved dogs . Lately he 'd been thinking about getting one of his own . He decided to go to the animal shelter and look around . He saw two little black puppies and fell in love ! PERSON adopted both of them and took them to their new forever home .	PERSON bought a new golden retriever puppy . His puppy had a lot of accidents in the house . PERSON had to go outside with him every 15 minutes . He worked very hard to train him . After a few weeks of training , he had no more accidents .
lobster	PERSON was only eight years old . He 'd never gone to a seafood restaurant before . He noticed the live lobsters when he first walked into the restaurant . He thought it was really cool that they had an aquarium there . However , he was n't happy to see they cooked the lobsters .	PERSON went to a fancy dinner . The menu was lobster , which she hated . She resolved to keep her mouth shut about it . She filled up on appetizers instead . And at dessert , PERSON had two helpings of pie !	PERSON wanted to become a vegetarian . She did n't really eat much meat anyway . But she loved certain meat , and did n't want to give it up . That night her mother made lobster tails . PERSON decided to postpone her vegetarian dreams until after the lobster .	Ivy 's dad took her out for seafood . Ivy had never tried it before . She was nervous , but she order lobster . She took a cautious bite , then smiled broadly . The lobster was actually delicious !	The man ordered lobster . The woman looked shocked . The man asked why . The woman thought it was too expensive . The man assured her that it was not too expensive .	I was at a fancy restaurant . I ordered the lobster . Unfortunately , the bill was 60 dollars . I could n't pay the bill . After ten hours of washing dishes , I was able to leave .	PERSON 's fiance took her out for a lobster dinner . She had never had any seafood at all . She was nervous about whether she 'd like it . But after her first bite , her nerves dissolved . PERSON loved the lobster - it was delicious !	PERSON had lived in LOCATION for his whole life . But the one thing he wanted to do was catch a live lobster . He talked to some guys at the local fish market . One guy said he would take him out the next weekend . They went out and used traps and caught a lobster !	I decided to order lobster at a fancy restaurant . However , it was too hard to eat . I needed to smash it open with a mallet . Then I had to dig for the good lobster meat . So I had it switched out for a cheese burger .
paintball	PERSON had never played paintball . I took PERSON to play for her first time . When I shot her with a paint ball she began to cry . The paintball left a bruise . PERSON says she will never play paintball with me again .	PERSON and her dad went to play paintball one afternoon . They suited up and loaded their guns . Then they ran off to shoot and score ! To her dad 's surprise , PERSON won easily ! She was very proud of her speed and great aim !	I played paintball in the woods . I crossed the enemy lines . I was with two teammates . An enemy player popped up from the bushes . We surrendered .	PERSON was going with his friends to play paintball . He was excited cause he got a new paintball gun . His friends finally picked him up . PERSON was ready to play . PERSON barely started and was shot already .	The boys decided to go play paintball . They went down to a local location . They split up into two teams . They then decided to play capture the flag . Everyone had fun and was covered in paint .	PERSON had some friends who were really into paintball . PERSON had never been . They took him to a paintball tournament that weekend . PERSON had the time of his life ! Now PERSON goes to paintball two weekends a month without fail !	Kia went to play paintball with her dad . He made it sound like fun . But when they arrived , Kia got a shock . The paintballs hurt very badly ! Kia quit the game right away !	PERSON was playing paintball with her boyfriend . She had never played paintball before . PERSON got shot several times during the match . Her skin made welts where she was hit . PERSON decided never to play paintball again .	PERSON went to play paintball with his friends . He thought it would be fun . But he was in for a surprise . Getting hit with paintballs was painful , not fun ! PERSON woke up covered in bruises the next day !
the crush	I saw a cute boy in the library every day my freshman year . I was always very tempted to talk to him . He dressed so stylishly I had to stop myself from staring . One day I sat next to him and introduced myself . Now we are dating and very happy .	I really liked a girl in my class . I had to figure out a way to make her mine . I talked to her friends to see what she liked . I used the info to get her her favorite flowers . She fell in love instantly and became my girlfriend .	PERSON had a crush on a boy . She made him a card . She asked him to the school dance . The boy said no . PERSON was disappointed .	PERSON had a girl who was a friend . He would often go over to her house . PERSON thought her mom was really pretty . He would often hit on her . PERSON was ultimately told to stop .	PERSON had a crush on PERSON . Every time she would try to talk to him , she got too nervous . One day PERSON asked her a question in class . She realized he needed help , and offered to tutor him . PERSON and PERSON got along quickly and formed a new relationship .	PERSON had a crush on PERSON from the moment he saw her at school . PERSON always smiled and said hello , but PERSON could only blush . At the school dance , PERSON saw PERSON sitting quietly by herself . Summoning every bit of his courage , PERSON asked her to dance . PERSON said yes .	PERSON had a huge crush on a boy in her class named PERSON . She was always trying to talk to PERSON , but she never had the courage . One day , she decided that she would say hello to PERSON . She said hello to him in class , and he smiled and said hello back . PERSON was happy and thought that maybe PERSON might like her , too .	PERSON , 23 , checked craigslist for local piano instructors . He visited the home of a piano teacher in his area . The teacher was a 23-year-old Asian female who charged $ 20 per lesson . PERSON signed up and then determined she was single . But who PERSON thought was her brother was really her husband .	PERSON had a crush on PERSON , who sat next to her in class . They had n't talked at all yet , but she would admire him the whole time PERSON decided to strike up a conversation with PERSON . Soon after , PERSON invited her along to his weekend plans . Now PERSON is dating the man she crushed on .
hide and seek	PERSON wanted to play hide and seek with his sister . She was supposed to hide first . He counted to fifty and began searching . While searching , PERSON 's dad distracted him with popsicles . PERSON 's sister emerged an hour later , rather annoyed .	PERSON was playing hide and seek with her big sister . She hid behind the washing machine . Her big sister looked for her all over . Finally she gave up and called for PERSON to come out . PERSON had won the game !	PERSON counted while PERSON hid . PERSON began to search for LOCATION . He looked behind the shed , but PERSON was n't there . He looked behind the fence , but PERSON was n't there . He looked under the porch , and he found PERSON .	PERSON and her brother PERSON were playing hide and seek . PERSON was hiding but PERSON could n't find him anywhere . She had looked everywhere except the basement , which she feared . Facing her fears , she tiptoed down the stairs . She found him and was proud to have been brave !	I played hide and seek with my friends the other day . We played in the park . I got a little lost when it was my turn to hide . My friends were really worried about me . They were so worried that they called the park ranger .	PERSON was playing hide and seek with her friends . She decided to hide under a box in the shed . She hid under the box quiet as a mouse . Her friends could not find her . She revealed herself and won the game of hide and seek .	Amber was playing hide and seek with her friends . She was ` it ' . She searched high and low for where her friends were hiding . But she could n't find any of them and gave up . It turns out they were in the shed the entire time !	PERSON and PERSON decided to play hide and seek one night . PERSON thought it would be funny to hide in the washer . PERSON searched everywhere but could n't find her . PERSON had fallen asleep and did n't hear PERSON calling . PERSON woke his parents , who eventually found PERSON in the washer .	PERSON wanted to impress the girl in his wilderness trip . PERSON asked her if she wanted to play hide and seek . The girl was amused and accepted the challenge . The girl chose to hide in a location that was difficult to locate . PERSON manages to find her and asks her on a date to which she accepts .
broken down	PERSON borrowed his dad 's car without permission . He visited a friend and parked the car on the street . When he went to leave the car would n't start . He had the car towed home and pushed it back into the garage . PERSON swore that he would never do that again .	PERSON was driving on a highway . Suddenly , his car began to stall and PERSON had to pull over . After investigating , PERSON realized his car was broken . PERSON picked up his phone and called for help . After an hour or so , a towing vehicle arrived to help PERSON .	PERSON was on a road trip . The van broke down halfway through . The price to fix it was more than PERSON could afford . He decided to stay locally and get a job . He never moved back out .	PERSON was in trouble at work . He was constantly late . PERSON did n't have steady transportation . One day his car broke down completely . He was fired from his job .	PERSON was n't very car savvy . His check engine light came on . PERSON kept driving anyway . After a while his car broke down completely . PERSON had to get it towed and fixed .	PERSON drove an old car . It was barely staying alive . One day it completely broke down . PERSON could n't afford to fix it . He had it scrapped for metal instead .	PERSON was having a hard time . He was struggling at work and home . His wife wanted a divorce . His boss was on the verge of firing him . PERSON had a mental breakdown because of it .	PERSON was on a train headed to LOCATION . Everything was going fine . Suddenly , a different train broke down ! PERSON was trapped on her train for two hours before it moved again . Finally , the train was back on its destination towards LOCATION .	PERSON was driving home from work late at night . But his car stopped working while in a dangerous part of town . A stranger offered him a ride home . But PERSON was too scared to go with the stranger . After waiting hours for a tow truck , he regret declining the ride .
grill	I decided to make burgers . I made the patties and put them on a plate . I left the plate on the picnic table . Next thing I knew , the dog had stolen the plate . She had the burger on the ground , eating them all .	PERSON wanted to grill some Meat . He put on some dogs and burgers . Then he had a few beers . Suddenly he remembered to check the meat ! It was too late - everything had burned .	PERSON and PERSON took their grill to the beach . They were excited for the last BBQ of summer . But when they arrived , they saw they 'd forgotten charcoal ! PERSON quickly gathered driftwood to use as a substitute . Luckily , the wood burned well !	PERSON was n't sure which barbecue grill he wanted to buy . He did some research and decided on a particular model . PERSON had the family and some friends over for a cook-out that weekend . PERSON spared no expense and grilled steaks and fish and burgers . PERSON felt good about his purchase decision and the food was great !	PERSON was manning the grill at the company picnic . He had never grilled meat before . He did his best , but a lot of the meat burned . PERSON 's coworkers were angry . PERSON apologized for his inexperience .	PERSON wanted a new grill . His wife thought it was an unnecessary expense . But PERSON wanted it very badly ! Finally she gave in and let him buy it . PERSON loved his new grill !	I bought a new grill from the store downtown . The grill started off working great . The grill would not light the second time I tried to use it . I decided to bring the grill back to the store . The store gave me a refund for the broken grill .	PERSON went to light the grill . He thought the grill had become lit . When he went to check on it , it was not lit . When he re-lit it , it had been full of gas . A giant fire ball came up and almost burned his eyebrows .	My wife had never tried cooking on the grill . I decided one day to teach her how to use the grill . At first , she was a little scared and afraid to try . However , with my help , she cooked an amazing steak dinner for us . Now , I ca n't keep up with all of the amazing food she is grilling .
twins	PERSON was a first-time mom . She had had twins a few weeks earlier . Two babies proved to be incredibly hard ! PERSON was sleep-deprived and miserable . But looking at her twins , she knew it was worth it .	PERSON wore her favorite purple dress to school . She was excited to be the only girl with a fancy purple dress . When she arrived , PERSON had on the same purple dress ! At first , PERSON was angry . Then , she decided she and PERSON could be twins !	Debra and her husband PERSON were about to have twins . They were trying to prepare with two of everything . They were running low on savings and were n't sure about rent . Luckily Debra 's mother loaned them money for their bills . The couple was able to stay in their apartment for a while longer .	PERSON 's mom had twins when PERSON was four . At first PERSON hated them ! She was always being asked to help out . She felt abandoned . But soon enough , she grew to love her baby sisters !	PERSON and PERSON were twins who were bored with school . They decided they wanted to play a prank . They went in to school and switched places . A classmate noticed and told a teacher . PERSON and PERSON were scolded by the principal for what they had done .	PERSON was about to find the sex of her baby . But the doctor shocked her by saying she was having twins ! PERSON would have twin girls . She was shocked but then thrilled . PERSON decided she 'd have double the joy !	Jeff and PERSON were twin brothers . They liked to play pranks on people . They interchanged their names often to confuse them . And when it was time to assign blame , they denied everything . Eventually , no one liked them and they were alone .	PERSON and her husband were expecting . They had an appointment for a sonogram . Both were nervous for the results . When the doctor ran the instrument over PERSON , he had a surprise . He told them he heard two hearts and said they were having twins !	PERSON had a twin named PERSON , and they were very close . But PERSON never believed in anything beyond that until PERSON conceived . The second PERSON went into labor , PERSON woke from a dead sleep . She was forced to admit that she and her sister shared a connection . She did n't know if it was magic , but it was very strong !
new baby	PERSON was a stay at home mom of 2 . She was unable to have more kids but they wanted more . She decided to look into being a foster parent . She met a child that she fell in love with . Her and her husband ended up adopting the child .	PERSON had a new baby . The baby cried all day and night . PERSON decided to try a new brand of formula for the baby . The baby drank the formula without crying . PERSON was relieved to have her baby happy again .	Laurel is pregnant . She is very nervous to find out the sex of the baby . Her and her husband already have 3 boys . Laurel plans an ultrasound to find out the baby 's sex . She finds out she is having a girl and is very excited and relieved .	PERSON had just given birth and was very tired . When her baby started to cry during the night , she could n't hear it . Her husband tried to wake her up but she would n't move . So he went to feed the baby and went back to bed . In the morning , PERSON was so touched , she hugged her husband very hard .	PERSON had a beautiful new baby . She and her husband had been trying to have a baby for years . The day the baby was born there was a big celebration . Everyone brought presents to the hospital . PERSON was so excited that she started crying .	My sister had a baby this week . He weighed 8lbs , 4oz . Everything went well in the delivery room . She named him PERSON . We are all so excited to have a new family member !	My friend just had a new baby . He named her PERSON . I came to visit them last night . His wife said that labor was hard , but it was worth it . I gave their baby a gift and introduced myself as her uncle .	PERSON got in the car when PERSON said it was time to go . Daddy drove to a big building , and took PERSON to a room where PERSON was . In Mommy 's arms , there was a tiny baby , and PERSON was very confused . `` Come here , '' PERSON said , and PERSON climbed onto the bed . `` This is your sister , her name is PERSON , '' PERSON said , and PERSON was happy .	PERSON was very nauseous . She thought that she might have the flu . It was also possible that she was pregnant . She took a pregnancy . It was positive .
the test	PERSON was writing as fast as he could . The test was a lot longer than he expected . He had studied all term and wanted to get as much in as he could . Later that week he received the highest results in his class . His parents took him out to dinner to celebrate .	PERSON was nervous about the test . He had n't studied a lot . He went to class . PERSON took the test . He got a B on the test .	PERSON hated studying for math class . PERSON 's math scores were low enough to prevent her from graduating . PERSON 's friend PERSON invited her to study math together . PERSON loved math and tutored PERSON . PERSON passed her math class and was able to graduate thanks to PERSON !	PERSON was a very bad student . He never studied for any exams . One day , he studied very hard for his science test . He got an A. His teacher praised him .	PERSON had a test on Friday . She did not want to study . PERSON finally started studying on Thursday evening . She studied all through the night . PERSON did not pass her exam .	PERSON was a teacher . She was giving out a test . PERSON heard two of her students whispering to each other . PERSON picked up the two tests . She gave the students zeros on the exam .	PERSON had a math test coming up . PERSON was n't good at math so he was scared . He decided to hire a tutor . The tutor was excellent and helped PERSON learn the material . PERSON aced the test !	I had studied and was ready to take the test . Armed with my number 2 pencil I walked confidently into the classroom . After the teacher passed out the standardized tests he said to begin . I carefully read each question and problem and filled out the bubbles . I finished before anyone and I know I did really well .	I was told I should make my movement more real . I was at the stomach . We were lifeguard training . My instructor was pretending to be the victim . He was swimming in the water before that .
fishing trip	I went on a fishing trip to clear my mind . I chose a quiet pond outside of town . I waited for a while , but I caught nothing . I decided to throw all my bait into the water . After that , lots of fish came for me to catch .	PERSON always wanted to go fishing . One day he tagged along with friends . After a couple of hours he was terribly bored . PERSON wound up not catching anything . He never bothered to go fishing again .	PERSON went on his first fishing trip . He was barely learning the basic.s . Tim learned fast . He caught more fish than anyone he went to . It encouraged PERSON to go back often .	PERSON had never been fishing before . Last weekend , he got invited by his step dad . PERSON was initially unsure , but decided to go in the end . He was glad he did , as he bonded a lot with his step dad . He even managed to catch a large trout .	PERSON took his girlfriend out for her first fishing experience . He taught her the basics and then gave her a rod to try herself . They sat there and fished all day . Later on , his girlfriend had caught much more fish than him . PERSON was proud of her even though he felt defeated .	PERSON was planning on going fishing . He loaded up his boat with his fishing poles . He loaded up the cooler with lunch . He walked outside and saw a thunderstorm approaching . PERSON will go fishing another day .	PERSON and PERSON went fishing . PERSON caught ten fish . PERSON caught eight . When they returned , PERSON cooked the fish they had caught . PERSON and PERSON ate the fish .	PERSON is packing the last of the items he needs for his trip to the bay . He takes special care in loading his new speargun . As soon as it 's in , he hooks up the boat to the back of his truck . He takes one last look at the back and starts the vehicle . At last , he 's on his way to his destination .	PERSON went fishing in the lake . He got a new boat the day before . Unfortunately he did not know how to use the boat . He tried everything , but could n't get it started . Instead he decided to fish from the bridge .
hard work pays off	PERSON was feeling inspired . She saw a coworker get a huge commission and PERSON wanted it , too . She worked hard to make a lot of sales . When the quarter ended , PERSON was the top seller . She felt so proud to reach her goal .	I was working at am plant for a temp agency . I was asked to go to work for the plant directly . My contract required me to give 2 weeks notice . For 2 weeks I had to work days for the temp and nights for the plant . It was really worth the extra money it brought in .	PERSON was n't the tallest or fastest boy trying out for the basketball . But he was one of the hardest working . He had practiced his free throws all summer . He had a chance to show off his skills at tryouts . He made the team !	PERSON wanted to learn how to speak German . He bought several review books . He created a routine that consists of 1 hour study sessions daily . His school gave him a study abroad scholarship four years later . He was able to travel to LOCATION and improve his language skills .	PERSON was an average student in college . He spent most of his time playing and goofing around . He somehow found a good job despite his bad grades . Unfortunately for him , the company shut down soon . He now struggled to find a job and regretted his laziness in college .	PERSON was a very good swimmer . She took part in lots of competitions and often came first . The upcoming competition was very important so she had to do well . She trained extremely hard . In the end PERSON did n't win , but still qualified for nationals .	PERSON needed money to buy a new iphone . He did not have a job . PERSON decided to through the neighborhood and ask to mow lawns . He did such a wonderful job that many others wanted their lawns mowed . Within two weeks PERSON had enough money to buy the iphone .	PERSON wanted a new truck . He needed five thousand dollars for the down payment . PERSON took an extra seasonal job at a fireworks stand . PERSON saved his money all summer . On Labor Day , PERSON drove home his new red Ford F150 pickup truck .	PERSON really wanted to go to graduate school for her PhD in biology . Unfortunately , PERSON lacked the research experience necessary . PERSON got a job as a research technician . She worked very hard for two years . After that , she was accepted to a top PhD program .
lost cat	PERSON swerved her car just in time to avoid a cat . The cat hissed but was safe on the other side of the road . As it did n't have a collar , PERSON got out of her car . She took the cat with her to her home . And once arrived , she created posters to put on the nearby poles .	PERSON 's cat ran away from home one day . PERSON did n't see it for days . He was about to start putting up signs . All of a sudden PERSON 's cat popped up . PERSON was happy and relieved .	PERSON got a new cat . Within a week it was lost . PERSON looked around a bit for it but did n't find it . PERSON decided to get a dog instead . Eventually the cat returned and PERSON gave it away .	PERSON lost her cat . She looked everywhere . PERSON even put up flyers . Nobody ever actually called . Eventually PERSON gave up looking .	My cat had been suffering from cancer for awhile . She could n't retain any nutrients either . She weighed five pounds yesterday . So we had to put her down . It was incredibly sad .	One day , PERSON ' cat , PERSON , did not show up at his regular mealtime . PERSON had not seen Bo all day , and he was afraid PERSON had gotten lost . The next day , PERSON found Bo hiding in a box in the basement . Bo had hidden there during the lightning storm the day before . Now , PERSON makes sure he checks the box whenever there is a loud storm .	PERSON lost her cat . She looked everywhere for it . Finally she asked for help . When she got help , they looked for hours . They finally found the cat in the tree .	PERSON saw a sign that said Lost Cat . Then she saw the cat itself ! She coaxed it to her . Then she put it in her car . She drove it to the owners , who happily welcomed it .	PERSON left his back door open and his cat got out . When he realized she was gone he went out to look for her . He called and called for her but he could n't find her . The next day he put up flyers with her picture on them . Later that evening a neighbor called to say she found the cat .
the party	PERSON is going to turn 9 very soon . He was counting down the days until his birthday party . PERSON was worried no one would show up at his home . On the day of the party , everyone PERSON knew showed up ! PERSON was convinced the day could n't be any more perfect .	PERSON 's parents are going out of town this weekend . He invited all of his friends to a party he 's throwing Saturday night . PERSON 's parents told him to behave while they were gone . PERSON 's friends broke furniture and shattered plates during the party . PERSON 's parents grounded him for year .	PERSON had made some new friends at work . They invited him over for a dinner party . PERSON showed up in jeans and a t-shirt . However , everyone was dressed up . He was embarrassed that he did n't know it was a formal dinner .	PERSON 's birthday was in a week and he had not planned his party . He got to preparing for his party immediately so he would be ready . He made invitations and sent them all out the same day . He went to the store and purchased supplies for his party . A week later , PERSON and his friends celebrated his 97th birthday .	I went out this fun party last night with some friends . It was a costume party . Everyone was dressed in some really cool costumes . It made it very easy to mingle . I think I may throw one like it next year .	I got invited to this birthday party last week . It was a star wars themed kids party . I was a little excited because I really like star wars . There were a ton of kids there . I actually had a ton of fun .	The neighborhood had a block party last year . Everyone was in attendance . They all got to know each other and made new connections . The kids all played together . It became an annual tradition .	PERSON invited all his friends over . He was hosting a big party in honor of his birthday . They all gathered and ate and drank . They had a great night ! PERSON thanked all his friends for coming to his party .	PERSON was having a party at his house . He was celebrating his daughter 's graduation . Lots of people came to the party . PERSON realized he was n't going to have enough food . He ordered a few pizzas for his guests .
PERSON gets a cat	PERSON has been wanting a new pet . His dog had recently passed away . While in the pet store he sees a pretty cat . He decides to buy it and take it home . PERSON loves his new cat .	PERSON had always wanted to have a pet . He decides to buy a pet cat . PERSON loves his new cat . He feels less lonely now that he has a cat . He is glad that he got a pet .	PERSON was going for a walk outside . She spots a lost cat near a bench . She decides to take him back home and see if she was lost . Weeks went by and nobody claimed the cat . PERSON decided to keep him as a member of her Family .	PERSON realizes that his life is increasingly lonely . Other than his trips to the grocery store , he rarely sees anyone . He decides a pet may help him stay happy . PERSON decides to adopt a kitten . Now that he has a cat , PERSON feels much less lonely than before .	PERSON is walking down the street . He notices a meow coming from the bushes . He searches the bush . He finds a little kitty trapped in the bush . He takes it home to be his new pet .	PERSON wanted to get a cat to keep him company . He drove to the pet store on the weekend . At the pet store he saw many cute cats . He bought a black one . Now PERSON is happy with his cat , PERSON .	PERSON wanted a cat since she was a little girl . PERSON 's mother is allergic to cats , so she could never have one . PERSON waited 20 long years until she finally moved out . After finding her own home she went to the shelter and found a kitten . She brought the kitten home , named her PERSON , and loved her every day .	PERSON was a kid . He always wanted a pet . His parents told him he was too young . PERSON finds a cat while playing in the yard . He keeps the cat without his parents knowledge .	PERSON had visited the pet store at the mall twice in the past week . There was the cutest kitten there . He finally worked up the courage to ask his mom if he could have it . His mom agreed , and PERSON was ecstatic ! The next day they went together and bought the kitten .
PERSON 's birthday	Today was PERSON 's birthday ! PERSON 's friends picked him up from his house . They drove PERSON to his favorite band 's concert . They went to dinner after the concert . It was PERSON 's best birthday ever !	It was PERSON 's birthday . None of her friends had even wished her birthday greetings . PERSON walked home after school sad that no one remembered her birthday . She opened the door to her home and there was cheering and balloons . Her friends did remember !	PERSON 's eighteenth birthday was coming up . He could n't wait to be considered an adult . Things would be so much easier for him . His parents told him he had to start paying for his own car insurance . Putting a damper on his birthday , PERSON had a good time anyways .	PERSON woke up one crispy cold November morning . He could smell the aroma of pancakes frying . It was than he remembered today was his Birthday . He jumped out of bed dashed into the kitchen . There it was in the middle of the kitchen his brand new PERSON PERSON .	On June 13th , my wife and I visited PERSON and her son PERSON . We live down the hall from each other in a high rise in LOCATION . Frank was turning five , and we brought over a present . He is a Star Wars fan , so we bought him a Lego set featuring R2D2 . He was very happy to get the present , and spent an hour building it .	Adam woke early and excitedly ran to his parents room . He woke up his parents and they went downstairs . The living room was decorated and many presents were on the table . Before breakfast PERSON ripped into his gifts with glee . He was so happy to receive four lego sets and spy gear toys !	Today is PERSON 's Birthday ! She is so excited . All her friends came over to celebrate . She got many lovely gifts . PERSON had the best birthday ever .	PERSON was turning 27 that morning . He was just planning on having a normal day . He got off work and drove home . He opened the door of his apartment and all his friends jumped out . He had a good birthday ,	PERSON 's birthday was her favorite day of the year . This year though , she was not looking forward to it . Her boyfriend had to work that day , so PERSON would be alone . On the day of her birthday , her boyfriend surprised her at her house . PERSON ended up not being alone for her birthday and was very happy .
allergies	Fall allergies had begun . She awoke with swollen eyes and a runny nose . Her eyes were even beginning to tear up . She took some benadryl in her night stand . She fell back to sleep because they made her drowsy .	PERSON was running in the woods when he had an allergic reaction . He had to stop and walk because it was hard to breathe . He made it out of the woods to an office building . A security guard called an ambulance for him . After that PERSON always carried an Epipen .	My girlfriend bought a car without telling me first . Turns out I 'm allergic to cats which I did n't even know . My girlfriend was very upset that I could n't live with a cat . I offered to take allergy medicine every day and to just deal with it . She said that was a nice gesture but she ended up giving the cat away .	PERSON 's allergies have been bothering him for a week . He has taken all the medication he can think of . PERSON decided to go to the doctor , and see if he can help . The doctor gave PERSON some medication . The medicine helped with PERSON 's allergies .	PERSON started having an allergic reaction while out to eat ! We were n't sure what exactly she ate . She was allergic to quite a few things so it was difficult . We figured since it was n't a big reaction that she was fine . After we made it home her allergic reaction stopped and she was fine .	PERSON 's family went to eat delicious shave ice . PERSON was allergic to the flavored syrup . He did n't think he would get a treat . His mom had brought homemade syrup for him . His shave ice was delicious too .	PERSON had tried a new soap her friend recommended . Her skin soon began to be itchy and red . Rashes developed on her skin . PERSON went to see her doctor . The doctor determined she was allergic to her new soap .	PERSON was walking past a field . He began sneezing and his became irritated . He noticed he was walking past a field and suspected he had allergies . PERSON then made a visit to his doctors office . His doctor explained to mike that he had hay fever .	PERSON loves her aunt 's new kitten . She played with the kitten all day before having to go home . PERSON wanted to get her own kitten , so she asked her mom that night . Sadly , PERSON began to sneeze and get a runny nose . Turns out PERSON is allergic to cats and she can not get a kitten .
new book	PERSON read that his favorite author wrote a new book . The book was going to be on sale in two days . PERSON set up camp outside the store to be first in line . He waited until the big day . Once the doors opened he ran to the shelves and got a book .	PERSON lost his chemistry book . He searched everywhere for it . He told his teacher and got in trouble . PERSON had to buy a new book for his school . PERSON learned his lesson about keeping up with his belongings .	PERSON loved to read . She read every day . One day PERSON decided she wanted to buy a new book . So she went to the store to get one . Thankfully it was on sale .	I went to my door yesterday . I saw there was a new book . It came right to me . I was pretty happy about that . I could n't wait to read it .	PERSON was in the library at school . She found a book called The Mouse and the Motorcycle . The title was so odd she had to read it . Later she settled in intending to read for an hour . The book was so good she read 4 hours without realizing it .	PERSON really wanted to buy the tenth book of a series she loved . She went to the bookstore as soon as the book was available . She devoured it in one night . But when she was done , she was disappointed with the plot . She ended up selling the whole series to a used bookstore .	I love to read . I read before I go to bed every night . I read so much I have read all the good books in our house ! My Mom gave me a new book this morning . I am off to read it !	PERSON wanted to get another book from the library . But she realized she should finish the book she already had . She sat down to read the book she 'd started . Two pages later she remembered why she had n't finished the book . PERSON disliked the plot and decided to returned the book half read .	PERSON had a birthday coming up . Her boyfriend did n't know what to buy her . He asked a friend who recommended a book . PERSON 's boyfriend got it for her . PERSON was happy with her gift .
cigarettes	PERSON decided she wanted to try one of her dad 's cigarettes . She took one of his packs and flipped it into her mouth like her dad . Unfortunately , there was only loose tobacco left in the pack . She gagged on the tobacco and spit it out . PERSON never touched a cigarette again .	PERSON needed cigarettes - he was almost out . But they were so very expensive in his city . Then his friend suggested that PERSON drive to the reservation . PERSON drove there and found that cigarettes were much cheaper there ! He bought himself two whole cartons of cigarettes .	I told her no . I was afraid of getting in trouble . And it was bad for her health . My friend was underage . She wanted me to buy her cigarettes .	I found a native brand of cigarettes . It claimed to be sourced from organic tobacco . I bought some for my husband . He was wary of them at first . When he tried them , he liked them and smoked the whole pack .	He wanted to stop smoking . I was behind him completely . When he stopped , it was really strange . It looked like a part of him was missing . Smoking just seemed to be a definition of who he was .	My sister-in-law PERSON is a smoker . We used to go to NH to visit friends often . There was no tax on cigarettes in NH , as opposed to MA . PERSON asked me to buy her a carton of cigarettes to save money . I did so , but she never paid me for the cigarettes .	My wife bumped into her sister C in the lobby tonight . We live in the same apartment building . C was going out for cigarettes . My wife said she thought C was on Chantix . C said she was stressed over minding her grandson , who is difficult .	The smoke was beginning to get to me . I was so frustrated as my lungs felt like they were closing up . I started coughing profusely . The man gave me an odd look . Finally , he put out his cigarette .	PERSON had just arrived home after school . Her mom was waiting for her with an angry face . She had found PERSON 's cigarettes in her room . She lectured PERSON for a very long time . PERSON argued but it was useless and she was grounded .
jury duty	PERSON was not looking forward to Jury Duty the next morning . He was kind of nervous and was not happy . When he woke up though , he felt a little better about it . He spent all four hours just sitting there and was never called . On the way home , he knew there was nothing to worry about anymore .	PERSON 's favorite band was playing in a far-away city . After thinking about it , he decided to go on a road trip to see them . He excitedly bought his ticket . A few days before the concert , he was summoned for jury duty . He was selected as a juror and had to miss the show .	PERSON received a letter from his city 's courtroom . He was summoned for jury duty the next week . As he did n't like being among people , he went online . He explained to the officials that his condition was severe . But as he did n't have a doctor 's note , he had to attend .	PERSON was called to jury duty last week . He sat in on a trial for theft . The prosecutor had a very convincing argument . The defense did a bad job at persuading the jury . PERSON agreed when the jury found the defendant guilty .	PERSON got a letter in the mail from his local court . He was disappointed to learn that he had been picked for jury duty . PERSON wore old , dirty , smelly clothes on the day of jury selection . No one could stand to be around PERSON . He was pleased when he was told he could go home .	I got a letter in the mail . It was from the government . They said I had to go to jury duty . I decided to not go . I was fined hundreds of dollars and I regretted not going .	PERSON was called for jury duty . He was unhappy . He would have to miss work for over a week . Then he went downtown and got good news . They had already picked a full jury and did not need PERSON !	Sue was chosen for jury duty . She was so excited . She had always wanted jury duty . However the case she got was boring . Sue spent all day at courthouse being bored .	Shiloh received a letter in the mail to report to jury duty . Most people hate jury duty but Shiloh was ecstatic to go . He had been watching Judge PERSON since he was a kid . When he arrived to jury duty it was the best day of his life . Standing at the front of the courtroom was none other than Judge PERSON .
the basketball game	PERSON went to the park hoping to play a game of basketball . He could not find any friends to go with him . At the park , he saw a group of unfamiliar people playing . One of the guys playing basketball asked PERSON to join the game . PERSON was relieved that he was going to get to play .	I had my big basketball game on Friday against our rival school . I was very nervous for it and I wanted to win . The bus broke down on the way there . Luckily we were able to get it fixed in time for the game . We beat our rivals and won the game .	PERSON had always been good at basketball . He always practiced hard for the big games . There was a big game tonight and he was ready . PERSON and his teammates played great . PERSON ended up with more than 30 points and his team won .	My father took us to a professional basketball game . Our home team was losing badly . Many of the fans were disappointed in the team and left for home . We stood up and moved our seats closer to the action . Our favorite player shook our hands .	PERSON was a basketball player . During his game he went for a three-pointer . However , he missed . When he got the ball again , he went for another shot . He scored and made the winning shot .	PERSON had a basketball game yesterday . He went to the game very excited . PERSON made ten shots and scored twenty points . He played very hard and tried his best . After the game PERSON and his family went to get ice cream .	PERSON was very excited . She was going to play her first basketball game that day . PERSON put on her uniform , and drank a sports drink . PERSON played well the whole game . PERSON 's team won !	I was playing in a high school basketball game . My whole family came to watch me play . I wanted to make them proud and played very hard . I did very well and scored a lot of points . After the game , my family told me how proud they were .	PERSON 's basketball team had just beat the record for most losses . The whole team felt discouraged but the coach told them to keep trying They practiced for many hours each day . At their next game , they worked hard as a team . At the last second , PERSON shot the ball to win the game !
the birthday cake	It was PERSON 's birthday . On her way home from work , she decided to buy a cake . PERSON chose a delicious looking chocolate cake . She ate a slice of the cake for dessert . She saved the rest of the cake to bring to work the next day .	PERSON had his 13th birthday this last weekend . His family had a small party for him . They went to the park and invited friends and family . The only drawback was that they misspelled his name on the cake . Luckily PERSON did n't care and thought it was delicious .	PERSON wanted to make a cake for her birthday . She gathered the ingredients and began to mix them . When she put the cakes in the oven she realized she was tired . She fell asleep on the couch waiting for the cake to bake . When she awoke she realized the cake had burned .	PERSON wanted to bake a delicious cake for his mom 's birthday . PERSON did not know how to bake . PERSON attended baking classes at a local shop . PERSON studied hard and did what his instructors told him . PERSON 's mom was surprised as how good the cake he made tasted .	PERSON bought a birthday cake for her coworker . They presented it during a small office party . Immediately people noticed the name was misspelled on the cake . PERSON apologized and felt embarrassed . Her coworker told her it was no big deal .	It was LOCATION 's birthday . His mother was buying him a cake . LOCATION 's mother bought a strawberry cake . He had wanted a chocolate cake . PERSON had a tantrum about the cake .	My friend made a cake for a big birthday party . I got to the party early . I hungrily stared at the delicious cake . I knew I could n't have any before the party started . So I chewed on some crackers to ease my hunger .	PERSON was shopping for her son 's first birthday . She had everything she needed except for the perfect cake . She was perusing the shelves but nothing stood out . Luckily the baker offered to show her some special new cakes . PERSON found the perfect one for her son and thanked the baker .	I once had a great birthday . I got a beautiful cake . It was a chocolate cake . My friends and I ate the cake in one day . We felt very sick afterwards .
broken ankle	I was walking to school . Since I was n't looking at my feet , I stepped on a rock . I landed on the ground in pain . Thankfully , a stranger rushed to pick me up . He took me to the hospital to seek treatment .	PERSON decided to be adventurous . She decide to take the training wheels off her bike . Ultimately she fell off . PERSON sprained her ankle . Thankfully though , she was taken to the doctor .	PERSON was at his first punk rock concert . He eagerly jumped into the mosh pit . But the other concertgoers were much bigger than him ! PERSON ended up with a broken ankle . He wished he had n't gone into the mosh pit .	PERSON was ice skating one afternoon . Suddenly she slid and fell badly . Her ankle broke from twisting under her ! PERSON was rushed to the hospital for treatment . There , a doctor had to apply a hard cast to her ankle .	My nephew moved in with his girlfriend in 2006 . They lived in a third floor apartment . One wintery day he slipped on the top step . He went down a flight of steps and broke his ankle . He was out of work for six weeks .	PERSON loved jogging . He went out every morning . One morning he tripped and fell . He broke his ankle . He was n't able to run anymore and gained weight .	My sister in law broke her ankle one year . She had a bipolar husband . One day her husband got into a fight with her son . She tried to break up the fight and they fell on her . She ended up divorcing her husband .	PERSON loved running cross country . PERSON also enjoyed fighting karate on the weekends . During a karate session PERSON broke his ankle . He was n't able to run or fight for months . PERSON was so upset that he could n't enjoy either hobby .	PERSON and PERSON were in a ballroom dancing class together . They were so good that they were told to enter a contest . So they entered and then practiced every day and night . Unfortunately , they fell during practice and PERSON broke his ankle . They could n't dance and were forced to drop out of the contest .
science test	Cat has a science test in the morning . She decided to pull an all nighter to get ready . Since she stayed up all night she could barely stay awake . When she got to school , she fell asleep at her desk . Cat slept right through her test .	PERSON has a science test . She has been studying for weeks . When the teacher passed out the test , PERSON was ready . She filled in all the answers . She knew she made an A.	PERSON has a science test on Friday . She has not studied at all . She decided to wing it . When she got to her class , she freaked out . She did not know anything .	PERSON was nervous to get her science test back . She was afraid the grade was going to be terrible . Even though she studied , she still felt nervous . Luckily when she got it back she got a B grade . She sighed in relief .	PERSON has a science test tomorrow . She has been studying everyday . When she got to class , she was ready . The teacher decided to move the test . PERSON was more than irritated .	PERSON has a science test tomorrow . He pulled an allnighter so he could be ready . When he got to class , his teacher decided it was open notes . PERSON was relieved . He ended up making an A on his test .	PERSON had a science test in the morning . He stayed up late playing video games . He forgot to study for the test ! He tried his best , but to no avail . PERSON failed his test .	PERSON has a test in science . He has been studying all week . He still does not feel ready . PERSON got to his test and failed . He begged his teacher for a retake and she said no .	PERSON has a science test . She forgot to study . She decided to pull an allnighter . When she got to class , she was exhausted . Luckily , her teacher postponed the test .
horseback riding	One day PERSON and her friends decided to go horseback riding . They went to the local ranch . PERSON picked a brown horse named PERSON . She rode her around the pasture . Everyone had a fun day .	PERSON had always wanted to ride a horse . Her dad got her lessons for her twelfth birthday . PERSON was thrilled ! She and her dad went to the corral and saddled up . Soon PERSON was riding her horse , sobbing tears of joy !	PERSON went for her first horseback riding lesson . She was having fun . But then all the sudden she fell off the horse . She hurt her leg . It was painful and she had to go to the hospital .	The first time I went horseback riding was bad . I had no idea what I was doing . I could n't steer the horse any direction . It started running uncontrollably . I almost fell off before someone helped .	PERSON loved going horseback riding . She would go every weekend . Her favorite horse was always ready for her . One day PERSON 's horse was n't there anymore . PERSON was sad to know he had passed away .	PERSON had never ridden a horse before . He got the chance to on his birthday . On his first try he lost control . The horse bucked him off . PERSON never tried again .	PERSON loved horses . She always wanted to get one . ONe day her parents took her horse back riding . PERSON could n't control the horse and was thrown off . Her love of horses went down after that .	I always wanted to go horseback riding . When I went to LOCATION , I saw my chance to try it . It was so hot in the desert . My behind was sore from the long trail ride . I have decided , horseback riding is not for me !	PERSON 's friend PERSON wanted to go horseback riding for her birthday . PERSON had n't been before so she was nervous . Her friend promised her they 'd pick a gentle horse for her to ride . She was matched up with PERSON , and old chestnut gelding . She managed to stay on PERSON 's back the entire ride .
writer 's block	PERSON had a bad case of writer 's block . How to fix it , she wondered ? She tried looking out the window for inspiration . She tried listening to music . Finally , she had to just write .	PERSON decided to write a short story . She prepared by sharpening her pencil . She saw the blank paper and started to get nervous . PERSON decided she should think through what she should write about . PERSON completely forgot about her story .	The writer stared at the blank page . Nothing was coming to him today . But , finally , he had a flash of inspiration . He set to typing furiously . By morning 's end , he had crafted five exquisite sentences .	One day PERSON , a writer , experienced writer 's block . He sat down to brainstorm ideas . However none came . He decided to take a break until he had an idea . It worked and he got an idea !	PERSON sat at her desk ready to work on her novel . She put her fingers on the keyboard hoping for inspiration . She typed one sentence and had no more ideas . To get her imagination going again , she decided to turn on the radio . As soon as a new soon started , she started typing .	Becs sat down to start her novel on Sunday morning . For the first 2 hours , everything went completely smoothly . Then , at around 10AM , she ran into writer 's block . She put music on , and was inspired by the lyrics . For the next 6 hours , she wrote without stopping .	PERSON had to write a story for his English class . He came down with a case of writer 's block . Try as he might , no ideas would come to him . He decided to write a story about how he could n't write a story . He turned in the story and got a good grade .	I started my own fiction book not that long ago . I took my time and wrote plotlines and outlines . I even incorporated foreshadowing and symbolism . The hardest part is making transitions , in my opinion . I have n't finished yet , but I will soon .	PERSON was told to have half her book done for the editor by Monday . She had had six months but could n't make herself write . In desperation she took her friend 's manuscript and used that . The editor called her and said he had consulted on the friend 's book . PERSON was humiliated , fired , and lost her friend .
rice	PERSON likes food . She does not like rice or celery though . One day her work had a potluck . Someone brought rice with celery in it . PERSON could not believe anyone would bring such a dish .	PERSON dropped her iPod in the toilet . She fished it out right away . Then she put it in a bowl of rice . She let it sit overnight . Thankfully , it worked again in the morning !	PERSON wanted to learn how to cook . Her mom decided to teach her how to cook rice . PERSON started with boiling water . When she finally added the rice , she got distracted . PERSON let the rice run out of water and burn .	PERSON was under financial stress . He wanted to spend very little money on food . He carefully thought about his options . He decided to buy bags of rice . He saved a lot of money with this decision .	PERSON did not like rice . Then his girlfriend offered to make him a special dish . She boiled the rice and buttered it . Then she gave it to PERSON , who tried it . PERSON decided rice was not so gross after all .	PERSON was learning to cook . Her mom decided to start her off with rice . PERSON added the rice to boiling water . She got distracted and went to the next room . When she came back , her rice was burnt .	I loved to eat rice . One day , I was preparing some rice for dinner . Then , I saw a big bug crawling in the rice . I screamed and threw away the rice . I do n't eat rice anymore because I 'm scared of bugs .	My daughter is a terrible cook . One day she made dinner for her friends . She undercooked the rice badly . Her fiance ate the rice even though it was very hard . She was grateful for his support .	I woke up and decided to make breakfast . I decided to eat rice . I cooked it in a rush . It was uncooked and I got an upset stomach . I realized I should make sure my rice is cooked completely .
runaway	PERSON 's older sister ran away from home . PERSON 's parents spent months looking for her . The police dropped by the house from time to time , with no news . PERSON went into his sister 's room and looked at all she left behind . He wondered if he would ever see his sister again .	PERSON was eleven and had gotten detention . His dad grounded him for a week . PERSON angrily decided to run away from home . But as he packed his bag , he calmed down and reconsidered . He decided his punishment was actually pretty fair , after all .	PERSON hated her little brother . She always thought her parents liked him more . She decided to run away one day . Her parents found her crying a block away . They took her home and she never ran away again .	PERSON had a dog named PERSON . PERSON was a good dog , but he liked to run away . One day PERSON decided to take PERSON on a hike . PERSON ran away and was gone all night . The next day , PERSON came back covered in mud and PERSON was very glad .	Little PERSON packed up his GI PERSON PERSON and walked outside . He marched up the block , planning to never go home again . After crossing a few streets , PERSON began to cry . He wanted to go home , but did n't know if he was welcome . Then PERSON 's dad appeared from behind a hedge and took him home .	PERSON 's dog ran away one night . He found the dog , Mo , missing in the morning . He was devastated and spent all day looking for PERSON ! Luckily , he caught PERSON running around the local park . PERSON was so glad he had found PERSON !	One day , a grandma was drinking tea . She offered it to her grandson . He did n't like it . As a result , she made him drink more . Finally , he grew sick of her and ran away from home .	I was waiting in front of the bathroom for my friend . A dragonfly suddenly flew near me . It tapped the side of my face . In an attempt to get away from it , I can . My friend tried to look for me .	PERSON 's female cat ran away from home . PERSON was devastated ! Then a neighbor returned the cat , which had been in his yard . He warned PERSON that he had a male cat , but PERSON only smiled . She was n't worried because she had had her cat fixed !
ball	My son took his allowance money and bought a new baseball glove . When he got home he was excited . He asked the boy next door to come out and play . They met in the front yard . They realized they did n't have a baseball .	Ivy was sleeping on the beach . She 'd gotten a sunburn as she slept . Suddenly she was struck by a volleyball ! Nearby players had accidentally hit her . The sunburn made the hit hurt awfully !	In 1999 , we went to the beach with our friend PERSON . PERSON was 24 , with a two year old son , PERSON . We drove to LOCATION LOCATION . A dog came up and ate PERSON 's favorite ball . I talked to the owner and got her to pay PERSON $ 5 for the ball .	PERSON and Art had a baseball and wanted to play . But neither boy had a bat ! Lacking funds , they cast about for a solution . Then Art suggested they use a sturdy branch instead . The branch worked just as well as a real bat !	We could n't find a toy the dog liked . We tried several stuffed animals . We also got a kong toy with peanut butter . She was n't interested in any of them . The only toy she chose was a small rubber ball .	My friend PERSON took her kid to the beach one day . PERSON was 25 and her son was 3 . A dog came by and took her son 's ball and deflated it . I asked the dog 's owner for money to pay PERSON back . She agreed to pay PERSON $ 5 for the ball .	I adopted a dog . He did not like playing with balls . So , I covered a ball in peanut butter . Now , my dog was obsessed with the ball . Alas , he became sick from eating all of the peanut butter on the ball .	PERSON wanted to play ball with his son . His son played for 30 minutes . His son hated it though . PERSON decided to stop . He knew his son did not like it .	A little boy played with a ball alone . Someone brought a little girl into the room with him . She wanted to play with the ball and he was afraid to let her . However he allowed her to play with the ball as well . They continued to play until they went home , not alone anymore .
the breakup	PERSON and PERSON had a huge fight . PERSON decided he did n't want to date her anymore . He broke up with her . PERSON was devastated ! She could n't believe that he was leaving her !	PERSON and PERSON were neighbors growing up and spend time together . After high school PERSON moved away for a few years . He ran in to PERSON at a party and decided to move back after a date . They were together for 7 years but things fell apart . Now she lives all alone and he moved away again .	It 's been three months since I spoke to her . She replied to a text I sent weeks ago . But I 'm sure she regrets it . I 'm trying to move on and forget about her . Social media wo n't let me .	PERSON and PERSON had been dating for a year . Lately all they did was argue . PERSON decided she needed space . While she took time for herself she met someone . PERSON then broke up with PERSON	PERSON had been dating PERSON for a month . She knew something was not quite right . It seemed like he was always preoccupied . She finally confronted him . She decided to breakup with PERSON .	PERSON and PERSON had been together for a year . PERSON knew PERSON was the one for her . PERSON was not sure . One day PERSON took PERSON for a walk . However , instead of proposing , he broke up with her .	PERSON and PERSON had been having problems . PERSON finally decided she 'd had enough . She told him to move his stuff out . He got mad and broke her favorite vase . PERSON knew she 'd made the right decision .	PERSON and PERSON had been fighting . There relationship was on the rocks . They could n't agree on anything . After weeks of conflict they made a decision . The couple was going to break up .	PERSON and PERSON had been dating for five years . PERSON decided to take PERSON for a walk . She thought he was going to propose . PERSON broke up with PERSON . PERSON was devastated .
break up	My 19 year old niece was heartbroken last month . Her boyfriend broke up with her . They were together for 18 months . She was shocked and surprised . She feels a little better , but is still very sad .	PERSON wanted to break up with his girlfriend . He was n't sure how to do it . He spent weeks figuring it out . When it was finally time to break up with her she beat him to it . He was so upset that he was n't able to break up with her .	PERSON had a crush on PERSON . PERSON thought PERSON was attractive . They started dating and spending time together . PERSON got tired of PERSON . He broke up with her .	JD has recently experienced a bad breakup . His girlfriend of 6 Year 's broke up with him unexpectedly At first JD was devastated . However , he soon realized he barely missed his ex-girlfriend . It was then that he realized she made the right decision .	PERSON and PERSON had been dating for 5 years . Lately they had been fighting a lot . PERSON decided to take PERSON to dinner . While at dinner he decided to talk to her . They both decided it was time to break up .	PERSON has been thinking a lot lately . She has n't been happy in her relationship . She felt as if it was her fault she felt this way . She made the decision to break it off with her boyfriend . It was n't easy .	PERSON and her boyfriend max were having a rough time . PERSON decided it was time for them to break up . PERSON was devastated . She cried into her pillow for days . Finally she moved on a week later .	We went to our cousin 's wedding in December of 2012 . His sister came from LOCATION to RI . We asked his sister about her boyfriend . She said they broke up after three years . Everyone was surprised and saddened .	Our nephew lived in LOCATION and AL from 2000 to 2005 . He lived with his girlfriend in LOCATION . He found out she was cheating on him in 2005 . He moved out of their place and came back home to MA . His mom was glad to have him back .
new boots	PERSON wanted a pair of boots . He already had a few pairs . He decided to treat himself to another . He was excited when he found a sale . PERSON bought his boots and wore them the next day .	It was raining outside and PERSON needed some new boots . She drove over to the Burberry store to buy some . She picked up the first ones she saw . She ended up loving them . Thankfully they worked great .	PERSON found a pair of boots she absolutely loved . Although they were expensive , she bought them . When she got them home , she decided to put them on . She slid her foot in and felt something strange . She found a baby snake inside the boot .	PERSON walked down the street and stopped at a random driveway . Someone was throwing away a lot of old junk . PERSON looked through the junk and found some old boots . He tried on the boots and they happened to fit . PERSON wore the boots all the way home .	PERSON was growing so quickly he needed new boots already . His mother gathered him up and headed to the store . When they arrived they found many choices . PERSON picked out a pair with firetrucks on the front . They paid at the register and left with the snazzy new boots .	PERSON wanted new cowboy boots . He had not bought a pair in years . He found the pair he wanted . He decided to buy them . When he checked out , they were on sale and he was happy .	PERSON was going camping this weekend . He needed a new pair of boots . He went to the mall to shop for a new pair of boots . He saw a pair of waterproof boots that he really liked . He was able to buy them for 50 % off the retail value .	PERSON had to get a new pair of shoes . Her shoes would get wet whenever she went outside in the snow . She ordered a pair of heavy duty boots from Amazon . They arrived the very next day . PERSON played in the snow with her new boots after .	PERSON worked at the ranch . He bought a new pair of boots . They were stiff and needed to be broken in . It took PERSON several days to properly break them in . After that they fit incredibly well on him .
daycare	My nephew has a two year old boy . He recently bought a house in the suburbs . His wife continued to bring their child to daycare in town . Last week they could not afford the mortgage and daycare . His wife 's stepmom volunteered to watch the child .	PERSON dropped off her son at daycare . One of the workers told her the center was closing . PERSON would have ten days to find a new daycare . PERSON could n't find anything in her price range . She had to quit her job to care for her son .	Little PERSON was scared to go to daycare . Her mother told her it would be fun . Little PERSON cried when her mom left her . Little PERSON soon made friends . Little PERSON loves going to daycare now .	PERSON loves kids and has three of her own . She is a stay at home mom who runs a daycare in her house . Her husband was a little nervous about money when PERSON quit . Then he noticed that PERSON makes even more from this daycare . PERSON has started a pretty good little business .	When her baby was three months old , PERSON had to go back to work . She brought the baby to daycare . That evening , she went into the daycare center . She found her baby pushed into the corner , wet and dirty . Joy quit her job and became a stay at home mom .	Eddie and PERSON pulled up to the daycare . It was their first time dropping off their daughter there . As they walked up to the building , PERSON began to get emotional . She teared up and sniffled . Eddie rolled his eyes .	Our 2 year old granddaughter is in daycare in LOCATION . We live in LOCATION , LOCATION . She visited us over Labor Day . When she got back to daycare on Tuesday she said she wanted to see us . We were touched .	I took my son to daycare this morning . We got in the car and buckled up . I drove across town to the daycare center . We walked in and down the hall to his classroom . He ran off to play with his friends right away , and I went back home .	Little PERSON had to be sent to daycare . His mother looked up reviews for the best one in town . She signed PERSON up for a couple of months . PERSON made a lot of friends at this daycare . His mother was proud that she chose the best one .
new glasses	PERSON had really bad vision . He finally went to an optometrist . PERSON was told he needed new glasses . PERSON could n't afford them . He stayed squinting for a long while .	PERSON broke his glasses last week . He made an appointment with an optometrist for a new pair . He spent half an hour picking out new glasses . PERSON eagerly waited for his prescription to arrive . When the optometrist called , he rushed to pick up his new glasses .	PERSON had dropped his glasses on the floor . The lens were cracked . PERSON got a headache trying to use the glasses . He went to the optometrist . PERSON got new glasses .	Angel was sitting at her computer desk when her eyes started to hurt . She took off her glasses , which made them feel better . When she put them back on , her eyes hurt her again . She realized she needed new glasses , so she made an appointment . She got an eye exam and a new pair of glasses .	Today was the day PERSON was getting new glasses . She would no longer have to wear the broken taped up ones . She could n't spend as much on the new ones . As a result they were n't as nice as her first pair . But at least the were n't covered in tape .	PERSON broke his glasses . They were shattered all over the ground . He decided to buy a new pair . He went to the doctor . He picked out his favorite pair .	PERSON needed new glasses . She had broken hers while running . She could not decide on a style . She finally let the optician pick some out for her . PERSON was glad to see again .	I went to get some new glasses . The selection in my price range was small . I could n't decide what I wanted . I chose black frames with cheetah print . They broke after the first week of wear .	I got new glasses in the spring of 2015 . We went to a graduation ceremony in June . I was cleaning my glasses when the lens popped out . I was able to pop it back in . I brought the glasses back and complained to the optician .
too hot	Mom got up very early that day . She needed to work in the garden before it got too hot . Unfortunately , it was the hottest day so far that season . Mom got overheated and decided to go back inside . She decided to relax with a good book and a cold drink instead .	I was at an outdoor mall . But it was really hot . I was getting very sweaty . So I decided to wash my armpits at an empty public bathroom . I was glad nobody walked in .	PERSON was eating Indian food . But she was getting bored of its mild spice . She asked for another dish that spicier . And PERSON eagerly awaited it . Unfortunately , she could n't finish it without gulping tons of water .	PERSON bit into a Jalapeno . He had a big smile and said it was not hot at all . Ten seconds later he turned red and was drinking milk . He then began crying and said it was too hot . Everyone was trying not to laugh at him but it was too funny .	PERSON made tacos for his friend . PERSON , PERSON 's friend , asked that he make the tacos extra spicy . When PERSON gave him the taco he took a bite . PERSON declared that it was not spicy enough . PERSON went to the cabinet to get hot sauce for PERSON .	PERSON went to LOCATION . He wore a sweater . He forgot it was winter . He began to sweat a lot . He took the sweater off .	LOCATION was trying to fry some chicken . She left the kitchen for a short moment to use a bathroom . However , the chicken started to fry violently when she returned . Eventually , the oil popped and the chicken landed on the floor . Unfortunately , she had to throw it away .	PERSON was eating at a restaurant . When his food came out it was really hot . The waiter warned PERSON about the plate . PERSON was n't paying attention and grabbed it . He wound up burning his hand .	PERSON needed a venue for an upcoming event . He called every hotel in the city , but they were booked . He called every venue . Every place he rang seemed to be booked but one . In the end , PERSON decided a desert was a terrible place for a wedding .
winner	Kia wrote a very good essay in English class . Her teacher submitted it to a statewide contest . Kia 's essay won second place . She was given a ribbon and a $ 50 prize ! She was very happy and proud of herself .	PERSON bought a ticket for her town 's annual raffle . She did not expect to win . Still , she hoped ! When the ticket was drawn , she saw it was the same number as hers . PERSON was thrilled that she had won the raffle !	I wanted to win the channel nine pizza contest . I listened to the trivia questions every day at noon . I google the answers every time I heard their questions . Friday I called in with the correct answer to the trivia contest . My answer won the free pizza contest so now I am a winner .	Kia won $ 550 in the state lottery , and went downtown to claim it . On her way in , she saw numerous homeless men and women on the street . Kia felt very bad for them . When she had her winnings , she distributed $ 20 to each one . Everyone thanked her very warmly !	PERSON decided to run a race . He had taken a break from running for a while . As he was getting ready , he started to feel nervous . On race day , he wore his lucky shoes . PERSON won the race and beat his personal record .	Han bought a scratch lottery ticket . He usually did not win , but he still hoped . He scratched the ticket eagerly . Then he doubled over in shock . Han 's ticket was a big winner !	PERSON went to PERSON vegas with her friends . She played at slots for a while . She did not win so she decided to leave . On her way out she played one last slot . And she won the grand jackpot !	PERSON won the poker tournament today . She began at 12 and played until 9 . It was a long day that had a total of 35 players . PERSON worked hard and paid attention to her opponents . She came in first place and one $ 1,200 .	Jan bought 300 lottery tickets for the big jackpot . When the results came in she had seen that she won . The first thing Jan bough herself was a Ferrari . After 3 years Jan had spent all the money that she won . Jan then bought 600 tickets for the next big jackpot but lost .
spiders	PERSON was always afraid of spiders while growing up . Any time that he saw a spider he would scream and stamp on it . His wife did n't appreciate it , as she believed that spiders were good . So she began to safely teach him about spiders . Now PERSON is not as afraid and even welcomes them .	PERSON 's roommate PERSON was terrified of spiders . PERSON wanted to get revenge on PERSON for previous pranks . PERSON bought a dozen plastic spiders . PERSON poured the spiders all over PERSON 's bed . PERSON laughed so hard when he heard PERSON scream at seeing the spiders .	My sister is afraid of spiders . She jumps and screams every time she sees one . I love teasing her with spiders and watching her run away . At school , my sister learned about spiders and was no longer afraid . Now I ca n't have fun teasing her about spiders .	PERSON hates spiders . She saw one in her apartment the other day and freaked out . She screamed and ran away . It took all her courage to go back and kill it . But when she returned it was gone .	Zora studied the geometry of spiders ' webs . She drew sketches of what she saw . When she 'd collected Year 's worth of them , she published a book . Many people were interested in buying it . PERSON retired and spent the rest of her life making a spider garden .	PERSON was afraid of spiders . This morning she found one in the bathtub . PERSON screamed for her younger brother to kill it . PERSON 's brother grabbed a slipper and smashed the spider . PERSON was pleased the spider was gone .	PERSON tried to move across a bush . She ran into a spider web . While she was n't looking , a spider crawled on her hand . She felt it 's legs and started to freak out . I took a book and tried to hit the spider .	The new fort I built in the backyard is filled with bugs . The kids avoid it because there are too many webs . I sprayed it out with Raid but did n't like that solution . Instead I got some mothballs and put them in the corners . Now the fort is free from bugs and spiders .	My 19 year old niece is a Snapchat user . Yesterday she posted a video about a spider . A spider had gotten into the living room . She was trying to find it but it crept under a table . She posted a video of herself screaming .
the diet	PERSON went to get a coffee . He was on a diet to lose weight . PERSON caught the smell of the donuts freshly laid out on display . He knew he was on a diet , but they smelled so good . PERSON decided his diet would start tomorrow .	PERSON was trying to lose weight . She went on a new diet . It was very strict about what she could eat . It allowed her to eat all the potatoes she could stand , however . PERSON gained twenty pounds in a month .	PERSON was beginning to gain weight . He went to see the doctor . The doctor recommended a diet to PERSON . PERSON carefully followed the diet . He began to lose weight .	PERSON had decided to go on a diet . She cleared out all her sweets and filled the fridge with fruit . She kept a box of chocolates under her bed to nibble on at night . After a week , she came to the conclusion that diets were n't for her . Now PERSON goes out and does n't worry about what she orders .	Today was the first day of PERSON 's diet . He went almost all day without eating . He only ate something small in the morning . He was quite hungry but sort of enjoyed the feeling . He was usually so full that being hungry was a new feeling for him .	PERSON realized he was overweight and decided to go on a diet . He bought some sugar-free cream that was 10 calories a serving . Every day he would pour this cream into his coffee . After a month he found out that he gained 10 pounds . The label said it was 100 calories , not 10 , thanks to a smudge on it .	PERSON wanted to lose twenty pounds . She went on a new diet . She lost ten pounds in the first week . PERSON decided to stick with it . She lost the next ten pounds in a month .	PERSON went to the bathroom to weigh himself . The scale said he was 20 pounds overweight . That moment PERSON told himself he will commit to a diet . He stopped eating junk food and began to exercise . The next time he weighed in he had lost 5 pounds .	PERSON was trying to lose weight . She went on a strict diet . PERSON lost ten pounds in the first month . She was inspired to do even better . She continued to diet for five more months .
food fight	PERSON was eating lunch at school . A girl looked at her ugly . PERSON threw her pizza at her . The other girl threw food back . Eventually everyone got involved .	PERSON and PERSON hardly ever agree . Their disagreements sometimes get them into trouble . The argued over who should get the biggest piece of pie . PERSON grabbed a piece and threw it at PERSON 's face . Dad sent them to bed without any pie .	John and PERSON were arguing today at lunch , no one could stop them . After a while , PERSON got very angry and threatened PERSON . PERSON got angry as well and took a muffin from his plate . Matt picked up a piece of cake from his plate and pointed it at PERSON . Right before they could fight , PERSON PERSON yelled at both of them .	It was 4th period lunch . PERSON and his friends were planning a food fight . PERSON started the food fight by throwing his sandwich at the teacher . His friends threw all their food , covering the entire cafeteria floor . The students that participated all got detention for a week .	PERSON and PERSON had been together for years . They had arguments , but lately they 'd been fighting . One night at a restaurant , PERSON got mad and threw a bun at PERSON . PERSON got furious , and threw her fries and drink at PERSON . Now they were in a full on food fight and were quickly asked to leave .	In the cafeteria , everyone was eating . One kid threw his food at his friend . It missed and hit someone else . This started a food fight . In the end , security guards had to intervene .	PERSON walked to the cafeteria for lunch . There , he ran into a few of his buddies . They playfully started a food fight . But soon other students had joined in , and it was chaotic ! The principal reprimanded PERSON for his role in the food fight .	When I was at cub scout camp we all ate in the same huge tent . One day I saw a group of other cub scouts that my group did not like . I picked up a handful of corn and threw it at them . Soon there was food flying everywhere in that tent . It was a lot of fun until the camp leaders came in .	PERSON threw broccoli at his brother PERSON . PERSON laughed and threw a piece back . They ducked and threw broccoli at each other . Their mother heard them laughing and came in the room . Both boys were grounded for a week for wasting food .
salad	I was planning to bring a salad to a potluck . Wanting to be organized , I had made it 2 days before the potluck . I kept the salad in the refrigerator . By the time I brought it to the potluck , the salad looked wilted . Now , I do n't make food until a few hours before a potluck .	PERSON wanted to make a salad to go along with his dinner . He noticed that he only had lettuce . He went to the supermarket to buy additional vegetables . By the time he went home he was too lazy too make a salad . He decided to eat his dinner without one .	PERSON 's mom always makes salad . She tears the lettuce by hand . She chops up vegetables . She makes dressing from scratch . She tosses the ingredients and serves it with every meal .	PERSON had never had a Caesar salad . When her dinner party hostess served it , she tried to handle it . She told herself that it would taste okay , and she tasted it . To her surprise , she was surprised by its taste . It was strong , but good - and PERSON loved it !	PERSON wanted to make a healthy salad . She decided to go to the local farmer 's market to buy her vegetables . After purchasing her produce , she went home . She prepared her salad and sat at the table to give it a taste . PERSON was very satisfied with how her salad tasted .	PERSON was at the mall . And he was going to buy a burger at the food court , like usual . But a new salad bar opened up . And he decided to try it out . It was so good that he did n't buy burgers anymore .	I was stuck late at work with nothing to eat a week ago . I really wanted something healthy for dinner but nothing was open . I came home and tried to find something to eat . I ended up finding some lettuce and other salad makings . I made a salad and was really pleased with it !	PERSON was packing her husband a healthy lunch . She had grilled him a chicken breast to make a salad . But then she saw that their lettuce was soggy and unusable ! She spotted her fresh bag of spinach and decided to use that instead . PERSON 's husband loved his grilled chicken salad on a bed of spinach !	PERSON knew she had to eat healthier . She decided to try eating more salads . She made chicken salads and fruit salads . She experimented quite a lot . And it worked - she loved them , and she got a lot of vitamins !
the pool	PERSON wanted to renovate her backyard . She had contractors dig a big hole in the back yard . They poured the concrete as well . Soon , she had a pool ! PERSON could n't wait to have friends over to swim next summer .	PERSON did n't know how to swim . Her friends made fun of her for being unable to swim . One day , PERSON decided she had enough . She jumped into the deep end of the pool at her school . PERSON was n't bullied any more because she was dead .	PERSON felt like swimming . He jumped in the pool and instantly felt cool . He swam a few laps and then dove underwater . He did a flip and then came up for air . He loved swimming !	The kids loved summer . They went to the pool every day . They would swim for hours . At the end of a pool day , they were tan and tired . They would go home and rest on the couch all evening .	PERSON wanted to have a pool in his backyard . He asked his neighbor for a recommendation to install a pool . PERSON called the pool company and they came out the next day . It took several weeks , but they finished the job . Soon after , PERSON enjoyed his new pool .	The weather was cold . The hotel cranked the heat on the pool . The kids jumped in and swam a few laps . It was cold but still fun . They swam until their lips turned blue !	PERSON went swimming on Tuesday . He goes to the local public pool . He usually just goes for fun and to work out . This time it was to meet a friend . He was stood up but still enjoyed himself .	PERSON was hot and tired . He decided a swim would perk him up . He dove into the pool and felt relief . He swam all evening . He was cool and relaxed after that !	PERSON got a new pool this summer . The pool is eight feet deep and twenty feet wide . It is wide enough for all of PERSON 's friends to play in . PERSON and his friends are having lots of fun this summer in the pool . PERSON is making many more friends .
band	PERSON wanted to start a band . He put a sign up advertising . Soon he got calls from prospective members . He auditioned them and assembled a band . Soon they were practicing every week together !	There 's a new band called LOCATION . The members all hate each other . The critics and fans love their music though . They try staying together for the fans . It does n't work out and they disband .	Four friends decided to start a band . They met a couple times a week to practice . Soon they had written their own songs and found their sound . They auditioned for several records with no luck . Finally one day they got a call that they had a record deal .	PERSON likes music . He decided to learn to play the trumpet . His school band needed more trumpet players . PERSON joined his school band . He is very happy with his decision .	I used to be in a band in high school . My friends were in the band with me . We made a lot of songs and practiced them a lot . We would play shows at houses around the neighborhood . All our friends and family would come to watch us play music .	PERSON loved to play the drums . He practiced constantly and eventually joined a band . He and his band prepared for months . Eventually they secured a gig at a local bar . PERSON was excited to see where his career in music might go .	PERSON wanted to go with his friend to a concert . PERSON did n't have enough money to pay for the ticket . He decided to do odd jobs around the neighborhood . PERSON was able to save money . PERSON paid for the concert ticket with a sense of pride .	PERSON loved music . He wanted to learn how to create music . So he joined his school band . He got to play the trumpet . He became good at playing the trumpet .	Summer wants to join the school 's marching band . She practices long and hard at her trombone playing for auditions . The night before auditions , Summer can hardly sleep with nervousness . The next day , she gets on stage and plays her very best . That next week , Summer got a letter saying she was accepted !
breaking up	PERSON and his girlfriend kept fighting . He felt they could n't fix things . PERSON decided to break up with her . PERSON 's girlfriend told him she was pregnant . PERSON decided to stay with her instead .	PERSON hated his girlfriend 's friends . They often got into arguments . PERSON 's girlfriend thought he was being too controlling . They argued over it for a while . Eventually the decided on breaking up .	PERSON hated his girlfriend . He kept trying to break up with her . She never really let him . PERSON eventually moved away . He ignored her completely .	PERSON tried to break up with his girlfriend last weekend . He took her somewhere public to avoid a scene . She did n't care . She blew up and threatened him in front of everyone . He decided to stay with her out of fear .	PERSON was upset at his girlfriend . He had been upset for a while . He tried to talk to her about it . PERSON 's girlfriend did n't want to listen . PERSON asked to break up .	PERSON wanted to breakup with her boyfriend . She went to the library and met him there . Her eyes started watering . She could hardly contain herself . She finally told him the truth and walked away in tears .	PERSON and PERSON decided to break up . They tried to stay friends . It was too difficult . Jealousy issues came up . They had to cut ties entirely .	PERSON had broken up with his girlfriend . Later he began to miss her . His girlfriend was upset that he had left her . PERSON asked her to take him back . PERSON 's ex-girlfriend refused to talk to him .	PERSON was tired of her relationship with PERSON . He was a control freak and did n't want to admit it . She tried to go to see a relationship expert with him . The expert was on her side and told her to break up . PERSON waited for PERSON to be out to leave the house with her things .
the cruise	PERSON and PERSON were going on a cruise for their anniversary . They booked and packed for a trip to the LOCATION . This was to be PERSON 's first time out to sea . PERSON became nauseous and dizzy . Till this moment PERSON never realized how terrible sea sickness was .	The family arrived at the port to take their cruise . They were so excited ! At their first port , they got terribly lost . They missed the cruise leaving . They were stranded in LOCATION .	PERSON always wanted to go on a cruise . She wanted to see icebergs and play on a big boat . She saved up all her money and finally went alone . The boat had a hull malfunction and sank . She survived but is now afraid of water .	The family liked to travel . They thought a cruise would be a good way to see the world . They were very disappointed by the experience . The room was tiny and the food was terrible . They wished they 'd taken a different kind of vacation .	The PERSON family went on a cruise one summer . First they went to the pool and swam . Then they went to the tennis court . Finally the adults went to the club and danced . Everyone had a fun time .	PERSON went on a cruise . He met a beautiful girl . They talked the whole trip . When they got back to land , he asked her on a date . He was happy when she said yes .	PERSON graduated college and was excited for her future . Her family wanted to do something special for PERSON . Her mother surprised her with tickets for a cruise . The entire family went on the cruise and had a great time . PERSON was very happy and thankful for her family .	The family had never been on a cruise . They decided to give it a try . Their cabin was tiny and cramped . They enjoyed the different ports , though . They decided never to cruise again .	PERSON had always wanted to take a cruise but could n't afford it . As she got older the dream of a cruise seemed to die . One year for her birthday her family gave her a special gift . She opened the box and there were tickets for a cruise inside . She had the time of her life and would never forget the adventure .
ring	PERSON 's wedding ring fell into the faucet . The ring fell too far for her to reach . Luckily she used to be a trained plumber . She frustratingly took apart the upper pipes of her faucet . Although her ring was dirty , she was happy to be able to retrieve it .	PERSON had just recently gotten married . She wore her wedding ring wherever she went . However , one day she misplaced it . She felt terrible that she could be so forgetful . Luckily , she found it tucked away in her purse later on .	PERSON wanted a ring for Christmas . She hinted to her husband for months beforehand . But on Christmas , he presented her with a huge box ! She opened it , and found another box - and another and another . Inside the eighth box was the exact ring she had wanted !	I wanted a piece of jewelry that meant something special . I looked at a specialty shop on the internet . They had rings in the shapes of names . I purchased one in my son 's name . I wear it every single day .	PERSON took off her ring and placed it on the dresser . She then went to take a shower in the hotel bathroom . When she was done she noticed that the ring was missing . PERSON looked towards the door and saw it open . PERSON picked up the phone and called the hotel lobby in panic .	The man put on the ring . It was hard to get on . He wanted to get it back off . It would not come off . He had to grease his finger to get it off .	PERSON took a look at her ring . She no longer loved her husband . She took off the ring and threw it into the water . Then she had second thoughts . She jumped into the river to retrieve it .	The ringing started in his left ear . He thought it was tinnitus . His vision started to recede . He realized he was going to pass out . His wife called for an ambulance .	PERSON was given her grandmother 's ring to wear as a wedding ring . She tried it on , but it was too large . She sent it to a jeweler . There , the ring was sized a little smaller . When it was finished , it fit PERSON 's finger perfectly !
new apartment	PERSON moved into a new apartment . She saw scorpions there . She hired a exterminator . There were still scorpions after the treatment . She moved out of the house because she was scared .	Priya needs a new apartment . She can not afford her current one . She starts looking for cheaper apartments . PERSON realizes she can only afford a place with a roommate . Priya moves in with a roommate to a new apartment .	PERSON moved into a new apartment . It was a brand new building . PERSON paid a lot of money for rent . Within the first month several things broke . The new apartment was poorly made .	PERSON recently changed locations for his job . Therefore , PERSON had to look for a new apartment . PERSON looked through PERSON , and found an apartment he liked . PERSON decided to meet with the landlord and view the apartment . PERSON like the apartment so much , he made a deposit that day .	PERSON got a new apartment . He lived in a bad part of town . He missed living with his parents . He cried every night . Soon , he decided to break the lease to move back home .	PERSON needed a new apartment . So the realtor showed her some . PERSON was not impressed by them . Finally she saw a good one . She was happy to finally see one .	PERSON was looking for a new apartment . He was advised to wait for the perfect place . He saw a few great ones , but still waited . After a month , he found a beautiful apartment in the suburbs . PERSON was happy that he waited .	PERSON was excited to get her new apartment . She had been searching for one for the longest time . When she found the one she wanted , she was thrilled . She got to move in the next day . She ended up loving it .	PERSON needed a new apartment . She looked around for a long time . Finally she found one . Only problem was that it was expensive . She did n't know how she could afford it .
thanksgiving	PERSON went to her bed friend 's house for Thanksgiving . Her friend 's mom and dad cooked a turkey and five side dishes . They all ate dinner . They ate pumpkin pie for dessert . They then socialized and laughed until PERSON went home .	PERSON was hosting her family 's Thanksgiving for the first time . She was a little nervous , but thought she could pull it off . Unfortunately she left the turkey in the oven too long . It was badly burnt , and the main course ruined . PERSON decided to let someone else host next year .	PERSON wanted to make Thanksgiving Dinner . PERSON did not know how to cook ! PERSON burned the turkey , the greens , and the ham ! When the family came over , the house smelled terrible ! PERSON served pizza which was delicious !	It was announced at my church that they need volunteers . Thanksgiving was coming up and they needed an event coordinator . After church I rushed up to those in charge . I asked if I could be the coordinator and they agreed . Now I have a meeting with all the people who will volunteer on Sunday !	Chanel went to dinner at her boyfriend LOCATION 's for Thanksgiving . When she got there , his parents were really cold . Chanel sat through dinner uncomfortably . During after-dinner pictionary , Chanel began yelling at the parents . She got thrown out in the cold .	Our family was excited to spend Thanksgiving at the cabin . The cabin was located far back in the woods . After eating , our family went for a walk in the woods . We also went for a hayride through the woods . We had a wonderful time celebrating Thanksgiving at the cabin .	PERSON was having Thanksgiving at her house . She was in the kitchen all day , cooking food . Finally she finished cooking in the evening . Everyone served themselves food . PERSON had a good time and the food was lovely .	PERSON went to his family 's Thanksgiving celebration . He went to the kitchen to help his mom cook the meal . PERSON saw smoke coming from the oven . He tried to save the turkey , but it was already burnt . PERSON and his family decided to order pizza instead .	PERSON invited his girlfriend home for Thanksgiving . As she was n't catholic , she did n't do the prayer with everyone . PERSON 's mother was bothered and told him so . PERSON left with his girlfriend feeling angry . They finished their dinner in a restaurant alone .
new school	PERSON was starting second grade at a new school . He was worried about making new friends . On his first day , he was paired with another boy as his `` buddy . '' He found out the other boy liked the same superheroes PERSON did ! PERSON had a wonderful first day !	Sue got a job at a new school . She had never taught middle school . She was both nervous and excited . On her first day , she met her students and explained the rules . Her students were great and she had a good day .	PERSON just moved to a new town . She was quite nervous to move there . She was worried she would not make any friends . However to her dismay as she walked in the school she made some . Everything seemed automatically better .	Harry went to an exclusive private school . One day after school , his father told him that he lost his job . They would no longer be able to send him to the private school . The next week PERSON 's parents signed him up at his local public school PERSON made friends fast and adjusted well to the new school .	PERSON was moving to a new school and was very worried . He had left all of his old friends and was n't sure he could make more . LOCATION 's first day of school , he mostly sat alone and did n't talk much . The next day , a boy named PERSON asked to be his friend . PERSON and PERSON were best friends from that day on .	PERSON walked through the school doors . It was his first day at a new school . He walked to his locker . He noticed that a cute boy was his locker neighbor . PERSON was excited about his new school .	PERSON 's dad got a job transfer . PERSON had to go to a new school . PERSON was not happy about moving . When PERSON started his new school he was scared . PERSON did not make new friends quickly .	PERSON is going to start a new school tomorrow . He is nervous that he wo n't be able to make friends . On PERSON 's first day one of his peers invites him to eat lunch . PERSON is continuously invited to each lunch with his new friends . PERSON now enjoys his new school and the new friends he has made !	PERSON 's parents had to move to a new place . She was not looking forward to starting a new school . She was anxious about making new friends . She decided to join a club . PERSON was happy when she became more involved in school .
going fishing	PERSON and PERSON wanted to go to the lake for a fishing trip . They packed up and brought the camper so they could stay the night . Once there it began to rainy so heavily that fishing was impossible ! Hoping for better weather in the morning , they went to sleep early . With clear skies at sunrise , they were free to fish all day !	PERSON decided to go fishing . He packed up his gear and hit the road . He drove until he got to his favorite fishing hole ! He fished all day . PERSON went home with three fish and had them for dinner !	PERSON went fishing with friends . He was the only one catching fish . For some reason he had better luck . His friends were mildly upset . PERSON won them over by sharing his catch .	PERSON went fishing with friends . He was the only one not to get any . His friends made fun but he did n't care . Tim still had fun . His friends shared their fish with him .	PERSON was a vegan . One day his friends convinced him to go fishing . He went along but did n't actually fish . He still hung out and drank beer . It was exactly the same .	PERSON invited a few friends over to go fishing . His friends arrived in the early morning . PERSON and friends rented a boat to go fishing . Bad weather began setting in near the fishing spot . PERSON and his friends had to call off their plans for the day .	PERSON was sitting on his couch looking really sad . His father decided he knew what would cheer him up . PERSON 's dad loaded up their fishing poles and tackle boxes . He took PERSON to their local pond . In a few short minutes PERSON 's attitude was transformed .	PERSON loves to go fishing on her friend 's reservoir . Sometimes she catches catfish and bass . She forgot to buy live bait , so she only had artificial . She spent four hours fishing , but did n't catch anything . Next time she wo n't forget to buy minnows .	I woke up one very early weekend morning . I put on my clothes and left my house . It was dark still when I arrived at the pond . I sat on my boat for hours waiting for a bite . Finally , I went home after catching several fish .
marriage	PERSON wanted to start a family . He thought highly of family values . He met a great girl . They fell in love . They got married .	PERSON proposed to his girlfriend , PERSON . PERSON was very excited to marry PERSON . She began planning the wedding almost immediately . PERSON and PERSON were both nervous and happy for their big day . Now , they are happily married .	PERSON was out shopping for rings . He was going to propose to his girlfriend . Then he realized engagement rings were a scam . He gave his girlfriend a rubber band and wrapped it around her finger . She said she wanted that diamond now or it ai n't happening .	PERSON finds out that he will lose his inheritance if he is not married . He only has 24 hours . So he quickly marries his best friend . When he gets the money they get divorced . PERSON is so grateful he gives his friend a reward	It was the day of PERSON 's wedding . She was terrified , but excited . She waited in the dressing room until the wedding planner called her . She walked down the aisle with her father . When it was time , she said her I do .	I hated my wife . She had stopped loving me a long time ago . I decided to have an affair . She did n't care . I realized that I wanted a divorce .	I loved a man whose religious beliefs were different from mine . I told my mother that I wanted to marry him . My mother was very angry and we had a huge fight . I went ahead and married him anyway . My mother and I no longer speak to each other .	I wanted to get married but the law said I could n't . I pay taxes and obey the laws of the land . I protested and stopped paying taxes . The law now allows me to get married . I changed my mind about marriage .	PERSON wanted to get married . PERSON was gay . PERSON was unable to get married . PERSON was upset . PERSON became depressed .
learning	PERSON decided to learn French before a trip to LOCATION . He ordered lesson books way before he had to leave . Every night he worked hard at learning the language . Sometimes he would work on it all night long . His hard work paid off and he was fluent in French when he got there .	PERSON wanted to learn more about human anatomy . He decided to look online and buy several books on the subject . PERSON joined online forums dedicated to medical knowledge . He found that remembering the information came easy to him . PERSON decided to enroll in a healthcare program at a local college .	A student wanted to improve their test scores . The student recreated the exact exam questions as best as possible . The student would only change out the variables in questions . The student would work the same question type for 4 hours straight . The student saw their grade average increase .	A man desired to learn about many things . He decided to look at the best performers in their fields . He studied their works and lives . He learned a lot . He put into practice what he learned and changed his life .	A little baby was barely born . It grew a little older . It 's parents read a book to it . The baby learned new words . It said them a few months later .	She had to admit she was learning a hard lesson . Her choices had led her down a difficult path . She sat quietly , thinking about where she wanted life to take her . She did n't know what to do , mulling it over for hours . In the end , she knew she had no control over anything .	Chase does not know how to write his name . His mother wrote his name out for him to copy . PERSON spent many hours practicing his letters . Finally he was able to write his name . His mother bought him a toy as a reward .	PERSON did not like to learn . PERSON found that learning was boring . One day , PERSON discovered she had a natural talent . PERSON used her talent to build a career . PERSON never had to learn anything in her life !	PERSON thought LOCATION was the best country and hated all others ! Then his class did a unit on global governments and cultures . PERSON learned a lot . He realized that he could love his country and still like others . PERSON learned a lot about respecting different cultures !
the doll	The little girl asked LOCATION for a new doll . She was very specific about how big it should be . She wanted it to have a pink dress . On Christmas morning , she was thrilled to open a box with the doll . It was a dream come true !	PERSON wanted to buy a new doll from the store . She saved her money for a long time . When she saved enough , she and her mother went to the store . PERSON chose a doll that looked just like her . PERSON was very happy with her new doll .	My daughter has been dying to get an American Girl doll . She has been begging me for months . They are really expensive . I hope she will play with it if I buy it for her . I think I will get it for her on her birthday .	PERSON loved her new present . It was a doll . PERSON named her and brushed her hair . She carried her around with her all day . The doll was very special to PERSON .	PERSON really wanted a new doll . Her dad told her she needed to help out more . She began to help her mom in the kitchen after dinner . She also helped her dad in the yard . After a week , PERSON was able to get her doll .	PERSON found a doll on the street . It was missing an eye and very dirty . She took it home and cleaned it up . She heard laughter coming from the doll and it moved around . PERSON decided to sell the haunted doll on Ebay .	PERSON got a new doll . She named it PERSON . She took it to school one day . PERSON lost her doll during recess . She cried for the rest of the day .	PERSON was having a yard sale . He was selling a lot of his daughter 's old toys . His daughter saw her favorite old doll in a box of things for sale . PERSON 's daughter began to cry . PERSON gave the doll back to his daughter .	PERSON owned a very pretty doll . One day , PERSON was playing outside with her doll . She accidentally dropped the doll into a mud puddle . PERSON cried because her doll was dirty . PERSON was happy after her mom cleaned up the doll good as new .
bicycle	I rode my bicycle to school . I locked it at the bicycle rack outside school . I went to class . When I came out , my bicycle was gone . I reported the theft to the police .	A man woke up one day . Thought that he should buy a bike . And then he went down the cyclists to get one . But they did n't have one big enough for him . And so he settled for a trike .	PERSON was ready to buy himself a bicycle . He went to the store and looked around . Then he selected the bike he liked best . He took it up to the counter and paid for it . Then he rode it home !	PERSON enjoyed going outside . But it was too time consuming to walk everywhere . So he decided to buy a bike . He was able to quickly get to where he wanted . And his constant cycling made his legs very strong .	PERSON loved riding her bicycle . One day , she rode it to school . She locked it up outside the building . When she returned , it had been stolen . She swore vengeance for her missing bike .	PERSON wanted a bike to ride , but she knew her mom was broke . So she took matters into her own hands ! For six solid months she walked miles delivering papers . Then she bought herself a big new bike . Now she rides her bike to deliver her papers !	PERSON rode her bicycle to work everyday for ten years . One morning her bicycle was stolen . She called the police and an officer came to write a report . The officer and PERSON struck up a relationship . PERSON now skips to work happily .	PERSON 's car broke down one morning . She was unsure of how to get to work . She went into her garage , hoping to find something to help . There she discovered her old , unused bicycle . She decided to ride the bike to work instead .	PERSON loved to bicycle around town . PERSON noticed that there were no bike lanes . PERSON went to the city council . PERSON convinced them to make bike lanes . PERSON was very happy riding on the new bike lanes .
visit	Angel was in jail . One morning the warden gave him good news . He said PERSON 's wife had come to visit . Thrilled , PERSON went to the visiting room . There , he had a two-hour visit with his wife .	Our 2 year old granddaughter visited this weekend . She came from NYC to LOCATION . She was here for four nights . She cried when it was time to go home . We miss her a lot .	I had a stroke in 2011 . I spent five weeks in a rehab in LOCATION . I went back in 2013 to get a new brace . I visited several of my therapists and thanked them . It was a bittersweet trip .	Our daughter lives in LOCATION . Our son is in LOCATION . He was in NYC this past weekend . He went to see his sister and his 2 year old niece . His niece is crazy about him but was shy that day .	We told our son we were going to visit relatives . He was ok with it , and completely believed us . We packed up for the long trip . We drove for several hours . His eyes lit up with joy when he saw his best friend instead .	My friend came here yesterday to visit me . I waited her at the bus station because it 's her first time . I almost waited for her for three hours . Because of waiting that long i got hungry so i decided to eat first . After eating i went back to the bus station and she 's already there .	Last Christmas we visited friends in NH . We spent all of a Sunday there . We had a nice dinner and talked a lot . While getting in the car to go home , I fell and hurt my toe and ribs . The fall put a damper on what had been a nice visit .	My wife is retiring from work next week . Today my son dropped by to say hello . He wanted to see her at work one last time . He stayed for awhile , and chatted with the crew . My wife was pleased .	PERSON was nervous to visit her grandma in another country . She had never traveled alone before . But the plane ride was uneventful and even kind of fun ! By the time she got there , she was totally relaxed . PERSON was able to enjoy her trip very much !
toothache	PERSON has a toothache . She needs to see the dentist . PERSON does n't want to visit the dentist . She is afraid of the dentist . The dentist is very kind and treats her toothache .	PERSON woke up with a bad toothache . She immediately contacted the dentist to take an appointment . But as the dentist could only see her at night , she panicked . She called her friend who told her to put clove oil to help the pain . She did so and was able to wait for her night appointment .	Ivy had had the worst toothache for days-off and on , but mostly on ! No medicines , pills , or numbing gels worked ; all she could do was suff . She endured over a week of agony . When the pain finally began to subside , Ivy was so very grateful . She wept , feeling weak with the relief of her terrible pain .	One day , I awoke with a very bad toothache . I had to go to the emergency dentist . When I arrived , he greeted me and got to work . He gave me an emergency root canal . I was so glad it did n't hurt anymore .	PERSON was worried because her husband PERSON had toothache . PERSON had an uncle who had a stroke shortly after having a toothache . PERSON asked PERSON to get checked out in case he was like her uncle . PERSON went to the dentist . PERSON was relieved to learn that PERSON had two giant cavities !	PERSON brushed her teeth regularly . In spite of her efforts , one day she experienced a toothache . The pain did n't abate , and PERSON knew she probably had a cavity . Her friends urged her to go to the dentist for an examination . PERSON hated the cost of going but knew the treatment was necessary .	PERSON was dealing with a small skin infection one week . She had an appointment the next day with her dermatologist . That night she experienced massive pain in her lower jaw . Karen had to cancel the appointment she had made with her doctor . She made a different appointment with a dentist shortly after .	PERSON 's tooth hurt pretty badly . She tried pressure . She tried ice . Finally she called the dentist . She needed a root canal !	PERSON felt stabbing pain in his mouth . He scratched and clawed at his tooth , but it did no good . He scheduled an appointment with the dentist . PERSON used clove oil to make the pain tolerable . The dentist pulled the problematic tooth and ended his pain .
writer	PERSON had been assigned an essay for English class . She feared she would get a terrible grade ! But she put in all her effort despite her lack of confidence . Then , after the teacher had read the essays , he pulled PERSON aside . To her shock , he said her essay had been the best in the class !	PERSON was trying to write poems . As he rejected each one , he crumpled it up . Then he threw it at the wastebasket in his corner . Soon he had a whole pile of papers near there . PERSON was better at throwing paper than writing poems !	PERSON really wanted to become a writer . She began working on a novel in her spare time . After several months , PERSON made the novel available for Kindle . Her novel began to sell like hotcakes . To date , PERSON 's first novel has sold over a million copies !	PERSON wanted to be a writer . So he began writing a science fiction novel . When he finished it , he tried to sell it online . But it got many negative reviews . But PERSON used the criticism he received to make his next book better .	Will had a story floating around in his mind . Will started writing out the story , a couple hours every evening . After about six months of this , PERSON had a book-length story . Will sent it off to an editor friend of his . Now Will is a published author !	PERSON wanted to be a writer . So she decided to write a short story . But she kept erasing and rewriting sentences . And she barely made any progress . After several Year 's , PERSON never became a writer .	Jan always wanted to be a writer growing up . She spent many long nights crafting exciting characters and stories . However , publisher after publisher rejected her . After countless rejections , she finally got one acceptance . Her books quickly skyrocketed on best sellers ' lists .	PERSON was writing her first novel . Her computer crashed and she lost all of her data . PERSON was worried she would have to start over . She remembered she made a backup last week . PERSON was happy to have recovered her work .	PERSON wanted to be published in his school 's newspaper . But the paper did n't have any writing section to showcase his poems . PERSON thought hard , and came up with a solution . He printed and copied some poems himself and passed them out . His friends thought his school paper was better than the official one !
glasses	PERSON kept getting headaches . So she went to get her eyes checked . She was told her prescription had changed . So she picked out new glasses . She could n't believe how much it helped her headaches .	PERSON 's classmates teased him about his thick glasses . Nic hated the mocking . He decided to go to the eye doctor and get contacts . He wore them to school , and everyone gaped . Now that his thick glasses were gone , no one picked on Nic !	The boy 's mother took him to see an eye doctor . They did an exam on his eyes . Because he 's autistic , they could n't do the eye puff test . They prescribed him lenses . He picked out a pair of cool red frames .	PERSON broke his glasses . PERSON needed new glasses . PERSON went to the store to get new glasses . PERSON got some very nice glasses . PERSON loved his new glasses .	Turner needed to get glasses . He had been unable to see the board in class . He feared that everyone would make fun of him . The glasses made him look erudite and debonair . PERSON came to love his lenses .	PERSON was middle aged and wore glasses . At the mall last week she lost her glasses . PERSON had to call her daughter to drive her to work . PERSON went the very next day to buy a new pair . PERSON called her daughter and told her she did not have to drive her .	I used to only wear contact lenses . They gave me perfect vision . They also left me my peripheral vision . But people started treating me like I was dumb . So I switched to glasses and the problem resolved itself .	PERSON has been having issues with her vision . She is 43 and has never had eye issues before . She made an appointment with an eye doctor . At the doctor 's office she underwent an exam . She was told she needed glasses and was able to order them then .	When I was in school I loved sitting in the back row . I could get away with so much more back there . My friends and I were so far away from the teacher . Then in eighth grade I needed glasses . I then had to sit up in the front row so I could see the board .
growing up	PERSON went away to college . He learned a lot about himself . He learned to become independent and to solves problems . After college he moved back home and felt empowered . He was an adult now and he was happy with that .	PERSON had just turned 12 . Because of this , she started to notice changes in her body . The change that was the most irritating was the acne on her face . She went to the doctor for the acne . The doctor assured her it was normal and gave her some acne medicine .	I was finally eighteen . My parents forced me to move out of their house . I did n't have a job . I tried to look for a job but my luck was down . I ended up homeless .	PERSON was a high school senior . She thought graduation meant freedom . After graduation PERSON moved out of her parents house . She realized bills are expensive . PERSON dreams of going back to high school .	PERSON was the youngest of three brothers . He was always treated well , but felt like he was emotionally neglected . He did n't try very hard to get people to notice him because he was shy . His older brother , PERSON , asked him why he was really sensitive . PERSON was finally able to tell someone what bothered him so badly .	When I was growing up I lived in LOCATION . But my dad was in the army and we would move around a lot . We had to move to LOCATION . At first I hated it , but then I made a bunch of new friends . Now , I really like living in LOCATION .	PERSON was turning 13 soon and starting middle school . She thought this was a good time to wear makeup . PERSON asked her mom if she could start wearing makeup . Her mom thought for many days about it . PERSON was allowed to start wearing mascara only .	It was PERSON 's birthday yesterday . She got a birthday cake and presents . Everyone had fun except for her . She cried . She could n't get over the fact that she was so old .	PERSON wanted to grow up . He wanted to be an adult . He told his parents that he was an adult . They showed him the electric bill . PERSON no longer wanted to be an adult .
pedicure	PERSON had a busy week working on her feet and they were sore . She felt like she needed to be pampered and made an appointment . She arrived at the pedicure place and picked out a color to use . The ladies prepared her station and she sat down and put her feet up . She enjoyed being pampered while they took care of her feet and legs .	PERSON wanted a pedicure . She tried to do it herself , but it did n't turn out right . She went to a professional salon instead . There , they smoothed her feet and painted her toenails . PERSON was happy with her pedicure .	PERSON went to the local nail salon to get a pedicure . She sat with her feet soaking and felt very relaxed . She unknowingly drifted off to sleep . Everyone laughed as she snored away . PERSON awoke with drool running down her cheek and was horrified !	My wife went to get a pedicure last Saturday . She was gone for two hours . She returned without getting a pedicure . She said the wait was too long , and went shopping instead . She bought me frappachino , and I was happy .	PERSON went to the nail salon on a Thursday morning . She asked to get a pedicure . The nail technician told PERSON to pick out a nail polish color . PERSON selected a bottle of glittery blue nail polish . She left the salon with soft feet and glittery polish on her toes .	I clipped and painted my toenails . They had been neglected for a few months . I do n't normally pay too much attention to them in the colder months . I painted them a bright red . They are gorgeous , and no one will even see them .	Ivy 's mom took her for a pedicure . At first Ivy was nervous . She 'd never shown her feet before ! But as the pedicure progressed , she relaxed . Ivy ended up looking forward to her NEXT pedicure !	PERSON asked her big sister PERSON if she could paint her toenails . PERSON agreed . She did not think PERSON would do a good job . But PERSON ended up surprising her . She painted Macy 's toenails just like a professional !	The girls decided to go get pedicures . They told their husbands bye and went to the spa . While there , they had champagne . Each girl chose their polish color . Their pedicure very relaxing .
sugar	Smear was baking a cake for his sister . The next step required one cup of sugar . He opened the cupboard and reached for the bag of sugar . However , he slipped and stumbled across the kitchen floor . The bag of sugar opened and spilled everywhere .	PERSON was trying to cut sugar . She decided to only eat natural sources of sugar . PERSON also decided to only drink water . She started to see changes in her skin tone . She was glad she made the switch .	The man spilled sugar . He did n't clean it up . Some ants found it . His wife found the ants . The wife yelled at the man .	PERSON wanted to eat a healthy breakfast . So he started to make oatmeal . But he began to get carried away . He added honey , brown sugar , strawberry , milk . And unfortunately , his breakfast was n't healthy anymore .	PERSON started feeling shaky whenever he ate dessert . He went to the doctor , and got a blood test . The doctor told him that he had type 2 diabetes . PERSON did n't want to take insulin , so he worked on diet and exercise . 12 months later , PERSON 's diabetes was managed entirely by diet .	PERSON was making Kool-Aid for her kids . But she ran short on sugar ! She added all she had and hoped for the best . The kids loved it , to her shock ! PERSON had found a healthier way to give her kids drinks !	PERSON could n't stand sugar . So when his niece threw a piece of cake in his face , he got mad . She told him it was a birthday tradition . But PERSON was already starting to breathe hard . And he had to go to the hospital as he really could n't stand sugar .	PERSON has a sugar daddy . She went on dates and dinners with this man . Eventually , the man got deep feelings for her . She got so uncomfortable , because he was taking it too far . She broke it off and left him soon after .	PERSON put sugar in everything . He put it in his milk . He put it in his eggs . One day he got a bad tooth ache . From then on PERSON cut back on his usage of sugar .
meeting	PERSON approached the woman in the bar . The woman looked annoyed to see him . PERSON started to walk away . The woman called to him . PERSON spoke to the woman .	PERSON was unhappy in his life . He remembered a book he read written by a scientist . The book said humans are social creatures . The book said a man 's quality of life is determined by sociability . He decided to go out of his way to meet new people , he became happier .	PERSON was nervous when he heard about an office-wide meeting . PERSON spent the evening thinking about his ideas for the company . In the meeting there was a chance for people to ask questions . During that time , PERSON outlined a couple of his better ideas . The director said that he really liked PERSON 's ideas !	PERSON went to the coffee shop . PERSON asked PERSON to share his electricity plug . PERSON and PERSON began talking . They discovered they have similar interests . They decided to go to dinner together that night .	An old boyfriend contacted me on social media . He had found out my husband and I were separated . He had just gotten a divorce and wanted to meet me . I decided to take revenge for the past . I agreed to meet him and did n't show up .	PERSON had always known he was adopted , and he was OK with it . He loved his parents , but as an adult , he grew curious . He decided to track down his birth mom to meet her . When they met , she wept and said she 'd wanted him to have a good life . PERSON , sobbing too , assured her that his life was wonderful !	PERSON went to the library . He saw a pretty girl reading a book at a table . He sat down next to her . They started a conversation . The left the library together .	During our department meetings , each person was expected to report . This was very tedious and time-consuming . I screwed up my courage and approached the Dean about this . She approved my idea that each team , not each person , should report . Now everyone has a happier , more efficient department meeting .	I work as a consultant at home . We used to meet every Tuesday morning by phone . This week my client said he no longer wanted any more meetings . He said he would contact me if needed . I was unhappy to lose business .
movie night	PERSON had a movie night at her house one night with her friends . They watched `` Chucky . '' They were all scared . That night PERSON had a nightmare about the movie . She decided not to watch that one again anytime soon !	Once a month , one of the six PERSON children got to pick a movie . The family would gather around on Saturday night to watch together . PERSON hated that his five sisters always picked girlie movies . So when it was his turn , he picked an adventure film . His sisters complained , but his dad always liked his choice .	PERSON and PERSON were going on a date . PERSON picked up PERSON at seven and they went out to dinner . After dinner , they went to the movie theater . They bought tickets to a romantic comedy and grabbed popcorn and seats . They enjoyed the movie and had a wonderful date .	PERSON purchased two tickets for the nine o'clock show . PERSON saw him exit the line and headed to the concession . PERSON joined PERSON on the concession stand line . When it was their turn , they ordered refreshments . PERSON and PERSON took their snacks into the theater .	The PERSON family decided to see a movie . The mother and father drove their son to the movies . On the way in the door they were robbed by a man with a knife . The father pulls out a concealed pistol . The robber fled and the family 's money was saved .	The kids just finished dinner and were ready for a movie . They could n't decide on what to choose . So they did rock paper scissors to see who picks . The youngest won , and picked his favorite movie . The oldest child would n't watch it and was very mad .	PERSON loved watching movies . He decided to have a movie night at his house . He invited friends over once a night . Everyone got to vote on a selection of movies to watch . It was a fun tradition that lasted a while .	PERSON wants to see a movie with his friends . They decided to go at 9 . PERSON does n't get out of work until ten that day . His friends ca n't go that late . So PERSON will have to miss the movie .	PERSON and his friends went to see a movie . They did n't want to see a scary movie . They all agreed on an action movie . They decided to see the new Star Wars movie . They enjoyed the movie and went home .
ticket	PERSON went for a drive . He was speeding . A cop pulled him over . He got a ticket . He tried to appeal it , to no avail .	I was driving my wife 's car home because of snow . I had forgotten her inspection was expired . Next thing I know I got pulled over . The cop gave me a ticket for the infraction . I 'll remember from now on to pay attention to it	PERSON went with PERSON to see a football game . PERSON 's parents gave him three tickets . PERSON told his parents that PERSON went with him . PERSON could not come . PERSON sold the extra ticket .	PERSON had tickets to take his dad to a USC football game . On gameday , they drove around the stadium looking for a parking spot . PERSON 's dad saw a parking space but worried whether it was legal . PERSON decided to park in the questionable parking spot . After the game , PERSON found an expensive parking ticket on his car .	The cop pulled me over . I knew I was speeding . I did not argue when the cop asked me about my speed . He went back to his car with me license . He gave me a ticket for speeding .	PERSON was speeding on the highway since he was late to work . Although he did n't notice a cop car , he drove past it . The siren of the cop car turned on and the officer followed him . PERSON had to stop on the side of the road . The police officer handed him a ticket .	May was speeding through the town of LOCATION . Then she saw flashing lights in her mirror . She pulled over and waited . A cop approached and handed her a speeding ticket . May knew she had to slow down in the future !	PERSON was looking for a plane ticket . She thought she would have to cancel her trip . She could not find a ticket that was cheap enough ! Then she found a great deal on a discount site . PERSON not only bought a ticket , she upgraded to first class too !	PERSON bought a scratch lottery ticket on a whim . She did not expect to win . But when she scratched it , her eyes widened . The ticket was a $ 1000 winner ! PERSON was glad she had heeded her whim !
the vacation	PERSON went with his family on a camping vacation . They planned it to be sunny all week , but it rained every day ! They planned fishing , but the river was too rapid ! They spent the whole time in the camper , telling stories . PERSON still had a great time , and cherished the time with family .	The PERSON family want to go on a vacation . They all sit down and talk about it . Everyone has agreed the vacation should be in LOCATION . They fly to LOCATION that weekend . The PERSON family spent one week vacationing in LOCATION .	The Johnsons always went to the beach for vacation . This year they decided to go skiing . They rented a cabin at a resort . They did snow activities . It was the best trip ever .	The family decided to go on vacation . They went to PERSON . They visited the amusement park and the aquarium . The trip was a blast . The family was sad when they had to leave .	The family could n't agree on a vacation spot . Some of them wanted to go to a beach . Others wanted to go hiking . They agreed to go to LOCATION LOCATION . They had an excellent trip !	The family had been so busy lately . They took a vacation to reconnect . They spent so much time together that week . They went to an amusement park . They were sad when it was time to go home .	LOCATION loved to travel . One day he decided to take a vacation to LOCATION . He swam in the ocean and laid in the sand on the beach . He went deep sea fishing and parasailing . LOCATION felt very well rested when he returned from his vacation .	The parents wanted to take their family on a vacation . They chose to go to LOCATION as the vacation spot . In LOCATION the family visited LOCATION LOCATION . In LOCATION LOCATION they saw the Pope and ate delicious food . After two weeks the family returned home excited for the next vacation .	The family went on a vacation to the beach . They found a good spot . They had a good time at the beach . They found lots of seashells . They took a lot of pictures at the beach .
guitar	I was asked to leave . There was a security guard talking to me . I was in a Wal-mart parking lot . My friend was with me . I had decided to play her a song .	PERSON wanted to buy a guitar . He went to guitar center . He asked the worker what guitar he would recommend . PERSON tried the ibanez electric guitar . He liked how it felt and bought it .	My brother owns a guitar . He plays it frequently . I asked him to teach me to play . He told me that he would . I learned to play a few songs .	PERSON played a PERSON S5 had had done so all his life . One day while strumming a power chord , the guitar cracked in half . It still played but now created the most unique sound . PERSON could n't afford a new one so he played it in his concerts . The crowd loved his unique sound and he became famous .	PERSON was a guitar player . He had an antique guitar . He decided to pass it down to his son . His son was grateful . His son became a guitar player .	Jeff learned guitar . He practiced for years . He formed a band at last . They got really popular . He made his own signature guitars .	PERSON was a college student . PERSON moved into a new house with new roommates . One of the roommates played the guitar for PERSON . PERSON had never heard the guitar played so well . PERSON enjoyed hearing his new roommate play the guitar .	PERSON loved to play the guitar . He was dating a girl he liked very much . One night he played the guitar for her . She loved watching and listening to him playing the guitar . She fell in love with him after hearing him play the guitar .	PERSON was learning to play the guitar . He went to his girlfriend 's house to serenade her . He played underneath her window . The window open , and an angry old woman appeared . She said his girlfriend lived the next street down .
running late	PERSON and his girlfriend were hanging out at night . The sun started coming up and PERSON 's girlfriend was worried . Her parents were beginning to wake up , so they needed to rush home . After running as hard as they could , she climbed in her window . She made it home just in time and PERSON walked home .	PERSON woke up feeling very rested . After stretching , he looked at his clock and saw he was late for work ! He quickly changed into his work clothes and ran out the door . He drove very fast to make up for lost time . When he arrived , he realized it was the weekend and did n't have work !	PERSON was always late . Things came to a head on her wedding day . They had to push off the time twice . By the third time her fiance had enough . He called the wedding off .	PERSON was always late for work . He had been warned several times . One day there was a traffic accident and he could n't make it in time . He called in but his boss told him he was fired . PERSON turned around and drove home .	PERSON forgot to set her alarm clock before bed . She woke up 20 minutes later than usual . PERSON hurried to get dressed and eat . PERSON rushed to put on her shoes . She made it to the corner just as the school bus pulled up .	PERSON slept through his alarm . When he woke up , he realized he was going to be late for class . PERSON rushed out the door without breakfast . He barely made it to class on time . PERSON spent the rest of the morning hungry .	PERSON wanted to go to the grocery store before getting lunch . Her husband quickly ran upstairs to change clothes , first . PERSON waited for him for 25 minutes . Wondering what was taking so long , she went searching for him . PERSON found her husband had fallen asleep on the couch .	PERSON had a very important meeting in LOCATION LOCATION . He left extra early to make sure he arrived on time . Traffic was awful on the interstate . He got on the metro and the train was delayed . He arrived at his meeting with just seconds to spare .	PERSON was way behind at work . He needed more time to catch up . Unfortunately they did n't want to give any overtime . PERSON tried his best to catch up but never could . He was eventually replaced .
church	PERSON has not been to church in Years . He finally went with PERSON and PERSON . He loved the preacher and the service . The sermon hit home with him . He agreed that he would go back again .	PERSON felt very unsure about his life . He suffered from depression and anxiety . One day , he decided to try to go to church . PERSON felt a huge relief after attending church . He now attends church weekly and his mental health has improved .	PERSON 's grandma woke him up for church . He did n't want to go . He went anyway . He actually really liked it . He wanted to go back next week !	PERSON decided to go to church for the first time . He looked at the churches in his area and picked a Christian church . He listened to the sermon and immediately felt changed . He accepted PERSON into his heart that day . PERSON was baptized two weeks later at the same church .	I was a born again Protestant . I got engaged to a Catholic . My church refused to marry us . She did not want to go to Catholic pre-Cana classes . We ended getting married in a Unitarian church .	The man invited his friend to church . His friend did not believe . The man reminded him of the free food . His friend agreed to go . The church was so nice that the friend joined .	PERSON was always curious about religion . His family never went to church when he was growing up . One day a friend invited him to church . PERSON decided to go with his friend . PERSON decided to continue going every week .	When I was younger I volunteered as an altar boy . I had a usual position that I always filled . One day I had to do a different position and was very nervous . The priest told me I 'd do fine so I tried my best . I ended up being fine and doing well at the new position !	The man started a church . He had a hard time getting members . He went door to door in the community . He seemed like a good man to the people . The church became popular .
pasta	PERSON set a pot of water on the stove to boil . She then placed pasta inside . She did not check to make sure it was done . She drained the pasta and mixed in the sauce . The pasta was still hard and the dish was ruined .	PERSON loves pasta . One day , she ran out of pasta to cook ! She rushed to the store to find some . Luckily , there was an aisle full of pasta . She bought some and happily went back home to cook it .	PERSON made homemade pasta one day . He also made his own spaghetti sauce as well . PERSON invited his girlfriend over to help him eat it . They both loved the meal . Pasta is now a regular staple of PERSON 's diet .	PERSON was really hungry . But he only wanted to eat pasta . So he searched for an Italian restaurant . But it was over 10 miles away . Halfway there , he decided to just get a hamburger .	PERSON was low on money and had a very small food budget . She thought hard and came up with a creative weekly dinner plan . She boiled a big box of pasta noodles and divided them 5 ways . Then she made 5 different sauces with tomato sauce , cream , and more . Each night her family got a cheap and creative meal !	PERSON always wanted to cook like her mom . She bought countless cookbooks . She would go to cooking classes . She finally got the nerve to have her parents for dinner . At the end , her mom said it was the best sauce ever !	PERSON claimed his mom makes the best pasta . PERSON went over PERSON 's house . His mom cooked pasta . She did n't actually make the pasta . She just bought it from the store !	Kia was making spaghetti for dinner . She thought it was a fast easy way to feed her family . But she left the noodles unattended for too long . They became mushy and disgusting ! Kia was disappointed in herself .	PERSON sighed lightly . It was another ordinary day at the office . PERSON was making bird sounds . That 's when PERSON snapped . She called out everyone on their ironic nerdiness .
competition	PERSON had some competition . He was trying out for the baseball team . Suddenly , all of his friends wanted to try out too . He got so worried that he practiced 5 hours a day . When tryouts came , he blew them all away .	PERSON thought he was very good a certain game . He decided to enter a local tournament . He showed up and won his first game and was excited . He then proceeded to get beaten badly by the next two competitors . He was discouraged , but still determined to get better at the game .	PERSON was the toughest guy in town . The neighborhood punks did not mess with him . However , one day he was harassed and he did not fight back . He was tough but not a fighter . But when the punks messed with his friends he finally fought back .	PERSON was in a local cooking competition , and doing quite well . Her first two courses had been great , and she only had dessert left . Baking was her specialty and she was already dreaming of victory ! She was so caught up , she did n't hear the timer go off . Her dish was n't done in time , and she was disqualified .	PERSON wanted to audition for the local singing competition . He listened to many songs before hearing the one he wanted to sing . He was nervous but no one in the audience could tell . PERSON sang the song with no mistakes at all . The judges announced PERSON as the winner .	PERSON has a gambling problem . He made a bet that PERSON would win a tournament at school . Harry is the underdog in the competition . Surprisingly , PERSON tied for first place . PERSON lost his bet on a technicality .	PERSON is very competitive . He always tries to beat everyone he competes with . One day , PERSON 's brother challenges him to a game of chess . PERSON lost the chess match to his brother . Now , PERSON tries to be less competitive and more understanding .	PERSON wanted to enter a bodybuilding competition . She worked for months on her fitness . She lifted weights . She ate healthy things and drank water . She was happy when she won the competition .	PERSON is very competitive . Her friend challenged her to a spicy-food-eating competition . PERSON hates spicy food . Regardless , she accepted the challenge . PERSON did not even come close to winning .
jogging	I woke up early to go jogging . I put on my running shoes . After 10 minutes of stretching I started to jog . My legs started to hurt after a few minutes . I quit earlier than expected .	PERSON ran a two-mile loop every morning . One day , she noticed her running path was extremely beautiful . She noticed butterflies flying in the meadows . She then saw that the trees were starting to turn for Autumn . PERSON learned that day to appreciate where she lived .	I was jogging down the road . My dad lives out of town . He saw me . He picked me up . We went for some Chinese food .	Yesterday I went out for a very nice jog . While I was jogging I tripped and fell on the sidewalk . When I fell I hurt my ankle very badly . It so bad I could n't walk and called my friend to come get me . My friend picked me up and brought me back home !	PERSON wanted to lose weight . She started a jogging regimen . Each morning she would jog for an hour . After a month she weighed herself . PERSON had lost ten pounds !	PERSON jogged alone everyday . She always passed a house that has been empty for a long time . Today there was a family moving in . PERSON made friends with one of the family 's oldest daughter . PERSON does n't job alone anymore .	I went jogging this morning . While I was out jogging I saw a friend of mine . He was driving on his way to work . I waved , but he did n't see me . I ca n't wait to tell him about this !	PERSON was out for her normal morning run . Along the way she noticed a new person jogging her route . It was a guy who seemed fairly out of shape . He kept staring at her . She got creeped out and ran a different direction .	A man sold his car and began running everywhere . He quickly became a more physically fit person . He began to feel pain in his shins from the running . He learned he had shin splints . He reduced his weekly mileage and never felt pain again .
savings	PERSON was an author . PERSON had no savings . PERSON needed his next book to sell well . His next book sold well . PERSON contributed to his savings accounts significantly .	PERSON wanted to save enough money for a new car . Every paycheck , she set aside twenty dollars . She put the money in a savings account and never touched it . After one year , she had earned enough to buy the car she wanted . PERSON was so proud of herself and her saving ability !	PERSON had no retirement savings . She started to invest in her 401K . She contributed as much as she could . In 10 Years , she had caught up . She was on track to retire !	PERSON and his three friends made a movie . They made a lot of money . PERSON 's three friends went broke and wondered how PERSON did not . His friends asked him how he stayed wealthy . PERSON informed them that he saved everything .	Parents opened a savings account for their daughter . She saved her pennies . They deposited it every Friday . She began to see it grow . She bought a toy with her money .	PERSON tried really hard to save money . But there was always something he wanted to buy . At the grocery store , he ended up buying candy in the checkout line . And a week later , he did n't have money for enough food . PERSON decided to drink alcohol and ended up homeless .	PERSON decided to always have at least $ 600 in his bank account . But he wanted to buy something . Afterwards , he decided he would always have at least $ 500 . Eventually , his account balance became lower and lower . PERSON was left with no money .	Oni worked hard to save money . She decided to start college funds for her sons , PERSON and PERSON . She saved every dollar she could . When PERSON and PERSON turned 18 , Oni was so proud . She could afford college for both of them - entirely !	PERSON wanted a new Lego set that he had seen at the toy store . He knew that his parents would n't give him the money . PERSON decided to save his chore money so that he could buy it himself . He worked and saved for several weeks until he finally had enough . That night he proudly showed his parents the new toy he had earned .
fight	PERSON got way too drunk at a party . He started getting aggressive . He tried to fight some people . The parties host was mad about his behavior . The host kicked him out .	Our company had carpenters restoring a section of the warehouse . They hired a carpenter and his assistant . On Thursday the two got into an argument . The carpenter punched his assistant , who called the police . Our company canceled the contract and hired another carpenter .	Chance had angered one of his friends inadvertently . The friend challenged Chance to a fistfight . Chance was angry and wanted to accept the challenge . But he forced himself to take a deep breath and relax . He decided to be the bigger man and decline the fight .	PERSON found out PERSON was talking about him online . PERSON was insulting brian . PERSON decides to stop by PERSON 's house . PERSON 's brother comes out . PERSON 's brother beats PERSON up .	PERSON was the most valued boxer . Everybody was betting on him to win against PERSON . PERSON did well but in the 3rd round , he got knocked out . Everyone was in disbelief . After , people lost a lot of their money .	PERSON was a very quiet boy . But one day another student mocked him on the playground . PERSON punched him hard in the jaw ! He told the teacher that the other student had hit him first . Because he was so quiet , the teacher believed PERSON 's lie .	PERSON was challenged to a friendly fight between him and his friend . He accepted even though he did n't want to . He started getting really nervous about it . He woke up ready to fight but decided he really did n't want to . He asked his friend and they decided not to fight .	PERSON got into a fight with his friend . The boys began to scuffle . Then they started to hit each other ! But PERSON 's brother hurried over to break up the fight . The boys grumbled , but shook hands and made up .	PERSON was at a party . Suddenly a drunk guy went up to him . The drunk guy punched tom . PERSON was upset . PERSON left the party .
grilled cheese	PERSON was homesick . All he wanted was his mom 's grilled cheese . He finally decided to try to make it himself . He bought all the ingredients and tried his best . The result was a perfect grilled cheese just like his mom 's .	PERSON loved to eat grilled cheese . As she was cooking one day , she forgot to add butter . As a result her sandwich burnt . PERSON was upset about her sandwich . She never forgot to add butter again .	I decided to go on vacation to LOCATION . My friend told me to try an American grilled cheese sandwich . I agreed with him . I went to a cafe in LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION and ordered a grilled cheese . It was not tasty .	PERSON was cooking for her kids . She was making grilled cheese . She carefully melted the butter and then put the sandwiches in the pan . The sandwiches got melty and delicious . PERSON was glad to see the kids chow down .	I made a grilled cheese sandwich . I decided to spice it up with some garlic . The garlic was so strong that it ruined the sandwich . I threw it in the garbage . Luckily , the mice in my kitchen found it delicious .	PERSON wanted to make a grilled cheese sandwich . He forgot to add butter to the pan . PERSON 's grilled cheese stuck to the pan . His bread turned black . PERSON also set off the fire alarm .	PERSON wanted grilled cheese for lunch . He looked in the fridge and did n't see any cheese . He looked in the cabinet and did n't see any bread . He sat at the kitchen table and thought for a while . PERSON had a bowl of ramen noodles for lunch instead .	I made grilled cheese sandwiches for supper . I first buttered the bread and started the griddle . I then got the cheese out and put it on the bread . I put the sandwiches on the griddle until they were a golden brown . I then took the sandwiches off and stacked them all on a plate .	PERSON forgot her key at home . As a result she and her sibling were locked out . After getting in the house she felt bad . She made grilled cheese sandwiches for the kids . She was glad the sandwiches made the kids happy .
virus	I was browsing the internet when a pop-up screen appeared . It said I had a virus on my computer and gave me a number to call . Worried that I had a virus , I immediately called the number . The person who answered demanded $ 100 to solve my problem . He got rid of the virus after I paid with my credit card .	I got a weird email this morning from a friend . I was hesitant to open it but it seemed to reference a project . It had an attachment but I did n't open it . I opened the email and read the contents and it seemed harmless . Just got word that several friends received suspicious emails from me .	PERSON was doing office work on her computer . But she noticed a pop up that she could n't close . She spent hours trying to look for a solution . But her son simply installed a program that removed the virus . PERSON felt stupid but enlightened at the same time .	PERSON downloaded some music online . He listened to it . His computer began to freak out . He tried to find the problem . The computer broke because of a virus .	PERSON 's mom had an issue with her computer . She had lots of pop ups on her screen . PERSON tried to run virus software . But it still would n't work right . PERSON broke down and bought her mom a new computer .	PERSON was visiting a foreign country on vacation . She heard that the mosquitoes there carried a dangerous virus . PERSON made sure to wear long sleeves and pants . She also wore a mesh face net so no mosquitoes could touch her . PERSON stayed safe and did not get bitten on her vacation !	I downloaded some software onto my computer . Suddenly , the color on my computer screen changed . I moved my mouse but the cursor did not move . A picture of a clown then appeared on my screen . My friend took a look at it and told me I had a virus .	PERSON did n't want his younger brother , PERSON , to use his computer . But Today decided to use it when PERSON was outside . When PERSON went to his computer , he noticed several pop ups and ads . PERSON said he did n't use the computer . So PERSON blamed his grandmother .	Po 's internet was n't working . So he was sure his computer was infected by a virus . But his antivirus software was no help . His roommate accidentally turned off the antivirus software . And when PERSON used his computer next , the internet was working again .
PERSON 's mistake	PERSON thought he was the strongest one in the gym . He said he would give $ 1000 to anyone who could lift more than him . At first nobody could lift more than him . One man at the back of the gym approached . He lifted more than PERSON with one hand and took his money .	PERSON had just been given a car even though she was only 16 . Her parents trusted her to be smart about the car . But PERSON listened to her friends and they drag raced . PERSON rammed into an elderly woman and killed her . PERSON lost her car and her parents ' trust .	PERSON went to the office to pay her rent . The office was closed . PERSON left the rent check in a drop off mailbox . PERSON had forgotten to fill out the check ! The next day PERSON went back to the office and fixed her mistake .	PERSON was going on a road trip to PERSON 's Ferry . He set his GPS to the route , but the battery died part way through . PERSON ended up making several wrong turns and getting very lost . PERSON refused to ask for directions and ran out of gas . PERSON had to walk 5 miles to a gas station to get more gas .	LOCATION was making lunch at home . He poured himself a large glass of milk to go with his lunch . PERSON did n't check the expiration date of the milk . The milk tasted okay , but was in fact spoiled . PERSON became very ill and was sick for three days .	PERSON realized he had a midterm exam tomorrow . He had not studied one bit for this exam . PERSON started cramming for the exam . He studied for hours into the night . PERSON barely passed his midterm that morning .	PERSON spent all his money on lottery tickets one month . He was sure he would win because his psychic told him he would . When PERSON did n't win any money , he could n't pay his rent . PERSON was evicted . Sadly , PERSON had to move back in with his parents .	PERSON decided to have her best friend PERSON come and decorate her place . PERSON was great at decorating and she knew PERSON would do well . However to her dismay , she found out her place was ripped apart . Brad out everything in storage and it was a mess . PERSON then rethought her decision to have him decorate .	PERSON was a very curious five year old . She pretended to drive her dad 's truck . She accidentally hit the emergency brake . The truck rolled back into the street . It stayed in the street until her dad came home with the keys !
pants	The man put on some pants . They were too tight at the waist . He checked the size of the waist . He picked out one size bigger from the rack . Those pants fit better .	PERSON 's favorite pants had a rip in them . His mother wanted him to throw them out , but PERSON refused . Instead , he taught himself to sew so he could fix them . Now the pants are repaired and PERSON wears them often . It was worth learning a new skill for his very favorite pants .	PERSON was headed to a party later on . But PERSON needed some new pants . So PERSON drove to the store to get new pants . PERSON found some good pants and bought them . PERSON got ready with his new pants to party .	I was wearing a long pair of pants . It was very hot outside . I started to sweat a lot . I went inside the house . I changed into some shorts .	The man shopped for pants . He could n't find any that fit . He found a big and tall store . He found some pants that fit . He bought some pants there .	PERSON was at work one day and leaned over to pick up a pen . When she leaned over , her pants ripped slightly . She was so embarrassed and went to the restroom . PERSON vowed to go on a diet to lose weight . She ended up losing 20 pounds and felt great .	A man bent over . His pants ripped . He was embarrassed . He decided to buy a new pair . He bought a new pair .	PERSON bought a new pair of pants . He tried them on later that day . Surprisingly , they did not fit him properly . He went back to the store to return them later on . He made sure in the future to try clothes on before he bought them .	The man 's pants had a hole . So he went to the store . He found some new pants . Outside the store , he slipped on some ice . He tore a hole in his new pants .
cold	Kia woke with a cold one morning . Her mom kept her home from school . Kia was anxious about missing class , but she did feel awful . So she laid on the couch all day , sipping tea and watching television . By the next morning , she felt much better !	PERSON walked to and from school every day . But one day she forgot her warm coat , and it snowed . One of her teachers noticed her thin jacket . Then he offered her a ride to her house . PERSON was glad for the warm ride .	Sue had a cold and needed to get well fast . She did n't want to go to work sick ! She tried pills and syrups , but nothing worked . Then she stumbled upon the real cure . Chicken soup and hot tea made her well !	PERSON caught a cold . She at dinner with PERSON . She passed it on to PERSON . PERSON became ill . PERSON cancelled his travel plans due to sickness .	Last week the weather turned very cold here in LOCATION . It was 8 degrees . The wind blew through our windows , lowering room temperatures . My wife and I had to seal up the windows The room got better after we sealed the windows .	PERSON caught a cold and sneezed throughout the day . She did n't cover her mouth every time she coughed . So she infected everyone she came in contact with . At the end of the day , half of her office was feeling sick . And most of them had to take a day off the next day .	PERSON was a very stubborn little girl who did not like to take advice . Her mother told her today would be cold and she should wear a jacket . PERSON did n't listen and all day at school PERSON was cold . Her mother was not happy that she did n't listen to her advice . PERSON caught a cold and spent the next week sick in bed .	It was cold outside . And the heater in the house was not working . So tom tried to think of a way to get warm . He did n't have a fireplace and no blankets . He went over to his neighbor 's house for the rest of the week !	PERSON had a cold . She was miserable for days . On the third day she woke up sweating . Her shirt was damp , and sticking to her . Disgusted she got out of bed and changed her shirt .
singer	PERSON wanted to be in a band . He auditioned , but he was nervous . He could not play any instruments . Then they asked him to sing , and they loved his voice . PERSON got to join the band as a singer !	I wanted to learn how to sing better . I auditioned to sing for my church choir . The director said my voice was first tenor . I learned how to read sheet music . I am better singer now than I was before I joined the choir .	In the morning the singer would wake up everyday at 7 AM . He would eat his breakfast , workout then get ready for the show . At the show the singer would sing his heart out hoping to get noticed . After the show he goes back to the bus and goes to sleep . When the singer wakes up he follows his same routine .	PERSON was a beautiful singer . She moved to LOCATION LOCATION to become famous . She worked two part-time jobs to afford her rent . Finally she was hired as a background vocalist for a major artist . PERSON thought her dream was finally becoming a reality .	The girl was nervous . She was about to go on stage . The host called her name . She went on and performed well . A producer contacted her after an soon she was professional .	PERSON sang for the altos in her choir . Then a new instructor took over . He re-tested PERSON 's voice and said she was a soprano ! He placed PERSON in another section of the choir . There , she sang much better !	LOCATION loved to sing . She would sing in the car , in the shower , and with her family . However , everyone thought LOCATION was a bad singer . Often , listeners ' ears would hurt afterwards . However , everyone was too polite to say anything .	PERSON always wanted to be a singer . She even took singing lessons from a vocalist . Once she perfected her voice she submitted tapes to studios . Her voice recording found its way online become a huge hit . She was offered a record deal from a big name studio .	PERSON wanted to be a singer . But he struggled in his singing class . His friend had an auto tune program for him to try . And PERSON was happy with the results . He quit his singing class and focused on producing electronic music .
bingo	PERSON went to bingo at church with her grandma . She went every now and then but she had never won . She looked forward to the day she would get to yell bingo . She had all the numbers on her card . She yelled bingo at the top of her lungs .	PERSON and her Grandma went to bingo one day . They stood in line and bought their papers . They sat down and begin to play . After a couple games of not winning , the started to lose hope . Then they won the last game and went home happy !	PERSON was invited to play Bingo with her friends . It was a $ 25 entry fee but the prize was $ 1000 ! PERSON felt sure she could win , so she paid the fee . But someone else ended up winning , and PERSON was unhappy . She regretted spending $ 25 on such a silly thing .	PERSON went to bingo with her granny once a month . She felt frustrated because she never won . Just once she wanted to get to shout out bingo . As she sat with her card , the caller called her missing number . She yelled bingo at the top of her lungs !	PERSON loved playing bingo at her retirement home . Her favorite bingo number was I-29 . When it was called she laughed every time . She said I wish I was 29 ! Her friends wished they were 29 also .	PERSON has been playing bingo at the local church for years . He never wins anything . But his luck finally turns around when he wins $ 500 . PERSON decides to stop wasting money by quitting while he is ahead . PERSON never plays bingo again .	PERSON bought his bingo cards at the Moose Lodge prior to the game . He sat with his cards and his dab paint , and waited for the numbers . The game began , and quickly PERSON began to cover his card . PERSON had one number left to be called , and finally it was drawn . PERSON claimed his prize and decided to play again .	PERSON loved to play bingo . PERSON asked her friend PERSON to go play bingo with her . PERSON agreed to go with her . She had never played the game before . PERSON won a game that night .	Once a month PERSON went to the church hall with her grandmother . They would play bingo together . PERSON was frustrated that she had never one . One day all she needed was B4 . She yelled bingo at the top of her lungs when B4 was called .
the call	Two referees watched the same play take place on a football field . One ref though it was holding and the other thought it was nothing . They argued loudly for everyone to hear . They got in each other 's faces in a heated debate . One ref punch the other and asked if that was a foul too .	PERSON had a bad feeling with the phone rang . The voice on the other end said they were the police . Someone had hit her car in the parking lot and driven away . She filed a report with the police . Then she called her insurance company and filed a claim .	A tow truck was called to a lake . The tow truck drive , PERSON , got there and looked for the car . He was approached by another man , PERSON . PERSON told him that the car was in the bottom of the lake . PERSON told him that he could not help him .	PERSON was a good student and top of his class . He dreamed of attending a prestigious university on the east coast . He had worked very hard to be in this position . He received a call from the admission office of the university . He will be attending the campus in the fall .	PERSON had a job interview for a position she really wanted . The interviewer said the company would call the next day . That day , PERSON discovered her phone had no dial tone . She frantically searched and finally saw her room phone off the hook . She fixed it and a minute later got the call : she was hired !	PERSON was bored at the restaurant because it was slow . He sat down in the dining room playing on his phone . Suddenly the phone rang . PERSON jumped from his chair to run to answer it . He picked it up on the second ring .	PERSON stood there . Tears running down her face . She was surrounded in sadness . The phone slid from her hands . It was the call she never wanted to receive .	A baseball umpire called a player out in a close game . The coach of the player walked up to ask how the ump made the call . During their conversation , the coach slipped the umpire $ 50 . The umpire snuck the money into his pocket . After pretending to think it over , the umpire reversed his call .	PERSON was awakened by her mother . Her friend PERSON was on the phone for her . PERSON had n't realized she had fallen asleep . She was upset her mother had n't woken her up sooner . She snatched the phone from her and slammed the door .
LOCATION LOCATION	PERSON wanted to meet PERSON . It was the one thing she wanted to do at LOCATION LOCATION . The next morning her family had breakfast at the Castle . When PERSON entered PERSON ran right up to her . PERSON hugged PERSON as her family took pictures .	PERSON was excited to take his children to Disney World . The kids were looking forward to seeing their favorite characters . PERSON was excited to visit the Star Wars exhibit . The kids took pictures with their favorite characters . PERSON and the kids had a great time at LOCATION LOCATION .	My brother recently gave me a LOCATION LOCATION . It is hydroponic and works great for herbs and vegetables . I am not a very good gardener so I am hoping it is easy to maintain . The plan is to fill it will herbs and salad ingredients . I am hoping it will save me money on my grocery bill .	In 1983 we drove to LOCATION LOCATION . We went to LOCATION and the beach for a few days . Then we decided to go to LOCATION . We drove to LOCATION and shopped . It was an ok vacation .	I was in LOCATION LOCATION for a vacation . My girlfriend joined and we had a great time . We got into an argument about tipping street performers . She stormed off in the middle of the city . I found her and we almost broke up .	They saw a LOCATION LOCATION while in LOCATION . They felt like they had to try it . So they ordered some burgers and a shake . It was a unique taste . They liked it but not enough to get it again .	Once I was visiting LOCATION LOCATION , LOCATION LOCATION . While there we decided to climb their highest peak , LOCATION LOCATION . I was unprepared and did n't bring enough water . At some point , I saw water dripping from a part of the mountain . I stuck my head under it and shipped to my heart 's content .	We went to a Chinese restaurant last week . The LOCATION LOCATION caters to Chinese diners . There was a menu in English and one in Chinese . The dishes in Chinese were not shown in the English menu . We ordered in English and got some good dishes .	PERSON and her friend PERSON were planning a trip . They were n't sure where they wanted to go . PERSON had a friend who suggested they go to LOCATION LOCATION . PERSON found a good deal on a luxury suite at a hotel on the strip . They decided LOCATION LOCATION was an excellent idea .
picking flowers	One day PERSON went out to the garden to pick flowers . She found some sunflowers . She picked mainly them . When she was done she put them in a vase in her bedroom . She loved how they looked .	I decided to pick flowers for my girlfriend . The thorns made my finger hurt . The pollen made me sneeze . I threw all of the flowers down in anger . I decided to buy the flowers to save myself the trouble .	PERSON was going on a date . He walked by a rose bush . He decided to get some flowers . He forgot to take the thorns off . PERSON 's girlfriend accidentally cut herself .	PERSON went to the park one morning . Along the walking path , she noticed there were tiny , little flowers . PERSON loved these beautiful flowers . PERSON decided that she would pick some flowers to take home . On the walk back to the car , PERSON picked a beautiful bouquet .	PERSON wanted to do something nice for his girlfriend . He picked her flowers along the way to her house . When she got them she started to cry . PERSON was confused and asked why . She said she hated the idea of killing living things .	PERSON wanted to get his girlfriend flowers . He saw some on the side of the road that looked nice . PERSON decided to pick them and put them in a vase . He arranged them himself . His girlfriend loved the gift .	PERSON knew his girlfriend was upset with him . On his way to pick her up he stopped to get some flowers . He picked them from random locations and arranged them himself . His girlfriend appreciated them . She was still upset and broke up with him , though .	PERSON loved to walk in the field behind her house . One day , as she walked she picked flowers . Ahead , she saw an endless procession of flowers of every color . Eventually , PERSON noticed the sky had darkened . She turned around to see her house far in the distance .	PERSON loved flowers . She saw pretty ones while driving home . She pulled over . She picked up a few . PERSON decorated her house with them .
concert	PERSON favorite band is paramore . SHe found out they are performing in the next week . She quickly went online to buy tickets . Next week comes , she attends the concert . She ends up having the time of her life .	PERSON wanted to go to a concert in another city . Unfortunately , PERSON could not drive . She asked her cousin to take her to the concert . Her cousin agreed to drive if PERSON bought the tickets . They went to the concert and had a great time .	I was going to go to a concert but my leg was in pain . I was n't sure if I could go or not , so I was nervous . I took some pain relievers for my leg and they helped ! I told everyone that I was going and they were excited . I went to the concert and was n't in pain the entire time !	Last summer I went to a concert . The concert was in a park , so I decided to dress in cooler clothes . I met my best friend in the parking lot of the venue . We walked into the concert together . We listened to our favorite music for three hours .	The band created a new album . The band wanted to go on a concert . On the tour , they would show off their new album . The leader singer caught a virus . The concert was cancelled .	PERSON wanted to go to a concert with friends . His boss would not let him have time off . He decided to switch shifts with a coworker . PERSON went to the concert and had a great time . PERSON now owes his co worker a favor in the future .	May and her band were performing in the park . They set up their instruments . Then they started playing and singing . The crown began to Applaud and cheer . They loved PERSON 's band !	PERSON went to a concert with her friend , who had an extra ticket . She did not know the band but expected a good time . But her friend got drunk right away and was very loud and rude ! PERSON was embarrassed to even stand near her ! She ended up having a terrible time at the concert .	Our neighbor PERSON invited us to attend a concert . Her husband is a music teacher at the Boston Conservatory . The orchestra played Baroque music . They performed two Bach cantatas . We thoroughly enjoyed the performance .
PERSON 's new friend	PERSON noticed a new boy at her school . She saw the boy eating lunch by himself . PERSON decided to introduce herself to the boy . The boy turned out to be very nice . PERSON was happy that she had made a new friend .	PERSON met a new friend in biology class . They plan to meet at the library to study . PERSON arrives on time and her friend is late . Her friend brings her coffee . PERSON is okay with her friend being late .	PERSON was very upset when her dog got sick . They had no choice but to put the dog to sleep . PERSON thought she would never get over it . One day , her friend surprised her with a new puppy . PERSON fell in love with the pup and felt a lot better .	PERSON decided to try online dating . None of the guys she met were very compatible with her . One day , she met a nice guy named PERSON . They got along very well . Now , they 're best friends .	Today is PERSON 's first day of kindergarten . She is nervous about not knowing anyone . The little girl sitting next to her introduced herself as PERSON . At recess , they played tag . Now PERSON has a friend and looks forward to going to class every day .	PERSON and her mother went to go to the pound to pick out a puppy . PERSON liked the spotted one , but he was already adopted . She then saw an old dog in one of the kennels . PERSON decided that she wanted the old dog instead . PERSON and her mother went home with her new best friend !	PERSON was really sad since her beloved pet cat passed away . Her friends told her she should get a new pet , but PERSON demurred . She thought no one could replace PERSON the Siamese cat . Her friends decided to surprise her with a gift of a new kitten . Despite herself , PERSON was immediately enamored of the new pet .	PERSON decided to adopt a cat . She went to the shelter , but none of them seemed right . Then she saw a little black cat at the back of the room . PERSON fell in love with the cat immediately . PERSON brought the cat home that day .	PERSON was a very lonely boy . He did n't play much with other kids . One day he was playing at the local park . He met another boy named PERSON . The two became best friends .
essay	PERSON has a essay due in a week . She decided to work on a page every day . When it was due all she had to do was print it . However , when PERSON went to print , it was gone . PERSON had to pull an allnighter and rewrite her essay .	PERSON had an essay to write for chemistry . At first she had no idea what topic to pick . Then she thought of her best friend PERSON , and got inspired . She wrote a paper on the subject of atoms ! PERSON 's essay scored an A !	PERSON got in trouble in class . Instead of being sent to the office , he had to write an essay . PERSON forgot to wrote his essay . When he got to school his teacher asked for the essay . PERSON did not have it and was given detention .	Kia wrote an essay on morality for English class . She thought it was a little sloppy . But to her surprised , her teacher loved it . He even read it aloud in front of the whole class ! Kia was so proud of herself !	I wrote an essay about my friend PERSON . PERSON is 98 Year 's old . He thinks of himself as a poet . Harry always encouraged me to write . I wrote an essay about my impressions of Harry .	PERSON has a essay due tomorrow . She has know about her essay for quite sometime . Since PERSON forgot to write her paper , she has to stay up all night . PERSON was so tired at school she fell asleep during class . She turned in her essay but also got detention .	PERSON procrastinated his essay . He could n't concentrate . He took some adderall and ritalin . This gave him the concentration he needed . He finished it in 2 hours .	PERSON 's teacher assigned an essay . She knew it was on Thursday . However , she had a party to attend . She forgot to write a her paper . She received a bad grade .	PERSON had a 1000 word essay she needed to prepare for class . She took some time to think of a good topic . She did some research online for material to put in her essay . She wrote and rewrote the essay for hours . PERSON ended up with a great 1000 word essay on plant reproduction .
valentine 's day	Valentine 's Day is one of the most romantic days of the year . Everyone goes all out to make it special for their loves . I made sure to make it extra special and have a big plan . I bought rose petals to put everywhere , and her favorite champagne . When she arrived home she was so surprised and thought it was great .	PERSON always failed to out do her husband on Valentine 's day . This year , she swore things were going to be different . She surprised her husband with tickets to the knicks game . Then she took him to his favorite restaurant . Later that night he thanked her for a great time , she was pleased .	It was Valentine 's Day , but PERSON did n't stop by . PERSON turned the ringer up on her phone , but he did n't call . She looked for an email , but there was nothing . She checked Facebook and saw his post . There he was , smiling , arm around her best friend .	Eddie and PERSON toured a local historic house for Valentine 's day . During the tour , PERSON felt very ill , very quickly . PERSON rushed him to the hospital . PERSON got an IV and medications to take home . The two ended up spending Valentine 's eating soup and watching TV .	PERSON has a crush on her boss at work . PERSON purchased a Valentine 's Day card for him . She wrote a small poem about her feelings for him . PERSON secretly placed the card in his mail box at work . PERSON was delighted to see the smile on his face when he got the card .	I sent flowers and a big cookie to my wife for V Day . I sent cookies to my daughter . I sent these items to work . Their colleagues were impressed . I was glad to show my love .	PERSON handed out Valentines Day cards to everyone at work . He had a very special one telling PERSON how he felt about her . He marked the envelope with a single heart . When he looked around the office he saw PERSON opening PERSON 's card . PERSON was now in love with PERSON .	Frank got a Valentine 's date for tonight . He decided to take her to his brothers restaurant . His brother owned a nice five star restaurant . He picked her up at night and they drove to his brothers restaurant . They eat a good meal and had a good time .	PERSON was feeling bad because he was single on Valentine 's Day . PERSON called his friend to invite him for drinks . PERSON 's friend accepted his invitation , and met at the bar . At the bar , PERSON and his friend met two beautiful ladies . PERSON was feeling better about Valentine 's Day this year .
new kid	PERSON got on the school bus and sat alone in a seat . She was tired so she went back to sleep . After 20 minutes she awoke . There was someone in the seat next to her . PERSON knew everyone who rode her bus , but this was a new person .	PERSON was the new girl in school . At first everyone looked at her strangely . No one spoke to her . Then at recess , she introduced herself . The kids started to play with her .	The new kid was strange . He wore black all of the time and seemed menacing . Nobody wanted to mess with him He ended up transferring soon after . It turns out he was shy and a kind kid .	PERSON noticed a new kid at his high school . The kid was awkward and shy and some guys began mocking him . PERSON was angered by this . PERSON went over and told the guys to leave the new kid alone . Now PERSON and that kid are best friends .	PERSON was starting his first day at a new school . He was nervous ! He thought nobody would speak to him . Then he went to school and everyone was kind to him . He saw that he had been afraid for no reason !	There was a new boy in PERSON 's fifth grade class . Nobody spoke to him . PERSON decided to be his friend . At lunch that day , she sat right next to him . The new boy was grateful for PERSON 's kindness .	The new kid was very pretty . She walked into the room to sit down . She sat next to a girl who seemed friendly . The girl did n't feel well . She was shocked to see her become ill all over her desk .	PERSON was the new kid at school . He was always shy . He did not think he would ever make any friends . He finally met some people and became popular . PERSON decided he liked his new school .	PERSON wanted to talk to the new girl in school . During recess , she approached the girl . The girl was shy but introduced herself to PERSON . She and PERSON played all during recess . PERSON and the new girl had become fast friends !
book	My son bumped into an old neighbor last week . PERSON is a Jewish emigre from LOCATION . We lived in the same condo for years . I sent PERSON a novel I read about life as a Jew in LOCATION . PERSON sent me a note thanking me very much .	PERSON picked up a new mystery novel at the bookstore . The synopsis on the back sounded intriguing enough . However , the first chapter was boring and contrived . Things only got worse from there . It was n't long before PERSON 's book started collecting dust on the table .	PERSON has been watching the OJ Simpson miniseries on TV . She decided she wanted to know more about the case . She went to the library and looked up different books . She found a book authored by PERSON PERSON . She checked out the book and began reading it .	PERSON wanted to write a book . He found himself preoccupied with other tasks . He never got around to writing it . One day he decided he was not going to do anything but write . He wrote and wrote , until he finally finished the book .	PERSON began to write a book . He wrote for months and finally finished it . PERSON sent it too many publishers . One publisher got his book . His book became a LOCATION LOCATION best seller .	PERSON loved reading . Recently she picked up the harry potter books . She was surprised that she did not read it sooner . She was so engrossed she did not eat all day . She finished the first 3 books in one day .	PERSON was reading the harry potter book . He became engrossed in it . He could not stop reading it . His family became worried . He finished it and everything became fine again .	PERSON was bored on his day off . PERSON was looking around his house for something to do . He found a book that looked interesting . PERSON read the book all day . He was no longer bored .	My niece brought a book over for me to sell . I sell her books on Amazon . It was an SAT study guide . Sadly , it was selling on Amazon for a penny . She dumped the book .
train ride	PERSON took her 2 girls on a train ride . None of them have ever been on a train . The train was headed to LOCATION LOCATION . It was a 2 hour train ride . PERSON and her girls enjoyed the train ride .	PERSON wanted to check out the country side . A friend suggested taking a train ride . PERSON was able to find cheap tickets . He booked a near week long trip . PERSON saw a lot of the country and enjoyed himself .	When I and my brother PERSON were little , our grandfather visited . He had flown from LOCATION to our home in LOCATION LOCATION . Granddad said he came with a surprise . The following morning he drove us to the train station . He took us on our first train ride .	Tim always liked trained . He saved money for a trip . It took days and he had a nice room . He ate at the restaurants on board . PERSON loved the experience .	I got on the train to go to work . The train began to move toward the next station . Suddenly the train stopped and the lights turned off . The train stayed stopped for several minutes . Eventually the lights turned back on and we continued on our way .	I decided one day that I need to get away from my family for a while . The best way seemed to get a train ticket and take a ride . Went to LOCATION and waited for my train to show up . I got on board and I was very impressed . Saw many impressive scenes while riding the train .	PERSON is commuting into the city . PERSON has been frustrated by the heavy traffic recently . A friend tells PERSON that he should try the train . PERSON gives the train a try and really likes it . PERSON finds that he is much more relaxed by using the train .	PERSON had never been on a train . He decided to take a train ride . He bought himself a ticket at the depot . Then he eagerly boarded the train . As it pulled away from the station , he beamed with joy !	Since they were traveling to LOCATION the PERSON family too a train . They have been warned not to drive because of the traffic . They were anxious for the train ride . Along the way they all took turns looking out the windows . It was a smooth commute and they really enjoyed it .
birthday surprise	PERSON was extremely excited for his birthday . He woke up early . All of PERSON 's friends showed up at the party . PERSON began opening up the presents . He discovered a brand new playstation 4 .	PERSON knew that her parents had a big surprise in store for her . Her 21st birthday was coming up and she could n't wait to find out . On her birthday , her parents handed her a photo album as her gift . PERSON was disappointed that it was n't more . PERSON opened the album to find it filled with hundred dollar bills .	It was PERSON 's birthday . He was upset because he thought everyone forgot it . A friend invited him over to hang out . When ken walked in all his friends were there . They threw him a surprise birthday party .	PERSON has been looking forward to next week 's football game all week . But when he tries to get tickets they are sold out everywhere . Finally he resigns himself to the fact that he 's not going to go . But that day his girlfriend surprises him with tickets to the game . PERSON thinks it 's the best birthday present he 's ever received	PERSON wanted to do something special for his birthday . He called his best friend PERSON , and invited him to go to a party . They went that evening , but PERSON had planned a surprise for PERSON . When they arrived all of PERSON 's friends were there to celebrate him ! PERSON was so touched that he gave PERSON a big hug .	None of PERSON 's friends called her to wish her a happy birthday . She did not get mad but rather felt sad . She wondered whether they cared . She heard a knock at the door . Her friends had come over to throw her a surprise birthday party .	PERSON wanted to surprise his daughter PERSON with a new puppy . On her birthday , PERSON asked PERSON to get him something from the garage . PERSON raised the garage door with remote garage door opener . A blonde bundle of puppy fur excitedly ran toward PERSON from the garage . This was the best birthday surprise she had ever had .	PERSON was excited for her birthday . She woke up expecting cake and presents . As the day went on no one said anything . Everyone had forgotten her birthday . PERSON was very sad and depressed no one remembered .	LOCATION wanted to go to an amusement park for her birthday . Her birthday was in the winter and it was too rainy for her plans . She sadly cancelled the event and took back her friend 's invites . Her best friend decided to throw her a surprise party instead . The surprise was a success and LOCATION was ecstatic at the party .
the museum	PERSON loved learning . She went to a new museum to learn about history . The exhibits were great ! She especially loved learning about the Civil War . PERSON felt smarter after her visit .	PERSON loved learning about things . He went to a new museum to learn about history . He looked at each exhibit . At the end of it , he was impressed . The museum had done a wonderful job teaching him about history .	6 year old PERSON went to the museum with his grandma and sister . He noticed his grandma was doting on his sister . He started to feel very jealous . He did n't even care about the dinosaur exhibit anymore . Instead , he told his grandma that he wanted to go home .	One day PERSON went to the museum . First he saw the dinosaur skeletons . Then he saw the cavemen . Finally he saw the art gallery . He had a fun time .	The family walked up the big stone steps with a lot of excitement . They were going to a huge new museum . They explored the exhibits for hours . They were happy they 'd gone to the museum . They were already planning their next visit !	The kids were taking a field trip . They were going to a local museum . It was full of amazing artifacts . They learned about history and science . The kids were sad to leave at the end of the day .	During the summer the kids did not have school . PERSON was home with her babysitter during the day . They were bored so the babysitting took her to the museum . They saw many historical artifacts . PERSON learned a lot at the museum .	The family was taking a trip . They were going to a famous history museum . They all wanted to learn as much as they could about history . They took all day going through the exhibits . The museum had taught them a lot !	One day the PERSON family went to the museum . PERSON 's favorite exhibit was the dinosaur room . She thought the skeletons were cool . Mr PERSON liked the caveman display . Everyone had fun .
the beach	One day PERSON went to the beach . First he built a sand castle . Then he went swimming . Finally , he surfed for a while . He had a fun time .	PERSON went to the beach last week . It was her first time ever ! She was excited to play in the waves . She stayed there for over five hours ! PERSON can not wait to return .	My family absolutely loves going to the beach . So , every year we take a family trip to our favorite beach . However , this year our trip had to be cancelled . The beach was covered in poisonous jellyfish . Therefore , it was too unsafe for us to visit and swim .	The family liked visiting new places . They found a secluded beach . They spent all day splashing in the water . Then they ate a picnic lunch . It had been a great day exploring new places .	PERSON and PERSON went to the beach . PERSON loved to surf , so he brought his board . PERSON warned him about sharks , but he would n't listen . He surfed for hours . Then a great white shark bit in him half .	PERSON wanted to go to the beach . She did not own a car . Sop she called a friend to ask if they wanted to go . The friend agreed to drive her to the beach . They had a fun time playing in the water at the beach .	PERSON saw a crab on the beach . She was so excited she wanted to pet it . The crab snapped at her fingers . PERSON hurt herself and had to go to the hospital . PERSON no longer wanted to go back .	PERSON was getting ready to go to the beach . He packed his towel and sunscreen . He got into his car and drove to the beach . He put down his towel and laid in the sun . PERSON forgot to put on sunscreen and got a bad sunburn .	PERSON loved the beach . She went to the beach every weekend . She spent much of her time at the beach tanning . Her job has been getting busier lately . Now she ca n't go because she is so busy with work .
apples	Today , my mom brought home apples . I love apples so I immediately went to eat one . I bit straight into the apple and saw something strange . There was a weird brown hole in my apple . It turns out , there was a worm in the core of the apple .	My grandmother has a few apple trees . Once I got to pick some of them . My little brother was bragging about how much he picked . My granddad said he was counting instead of picking . We each filled up a five gallon bucket .	Drew eats one apple a day . It is a routine he started when he was a child . He only eats red apples . He thinks his sugar gets low if he does n't eat an apple . It is an interesting quirk about a person .	My dog loved to eat apples . Alas , I once fed him a rotten apple . He became very sick . I took him to the doctor and he became better . I learned to be more careful about which apples I feed my dog .	I wanted to eat some apples . So , I went to the store . I bought four red apples . Alas , when I got home I realized that two were rotten . I decided to never again shop at that store .	PERSON and Em had picked a whole bushel of apples . But then little Em had taken one bite from each apple ! PERSON was sure the apples would all go bad now ! Then she had a great idea to avoid wasting them . She cooked them all up into a big pot of applesauce !	PERSON wanted to bake a apple pie . However , she did not have apples for the pie . PERSON decided to go to the store to purchase some apples . The store did not have any apples . Therefore , PERSON could not bake the apple pie again .	I bought some apples the other day . I went to the produce shop to buy them . The apples I bought were very expensive . Even though they were so expensive they were very tasty . I will buy those apples again soon !	It was apple season so we went to the orchard . We each grabbed a bucket and began filling it with apples . Within ten minutes , we had five whole buckets of apples . We went home and peeled the apples . We then used the apples to make apple cider , it tasted great .
LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION	PERSON is an avid scuba diver . PERSON 's dream has always been to scuba dive at the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . One day , PERSON got a letter from her father in the mail . As PERSON opened the letter , she began crying with joy . PERSON 's dad was sending her to the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION to dive in May .	I have always wanted to see LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . Friends have told me many exciting things I should see and do there . I saved enough money to buy a plane ticket to go next month . There are many things I plan to do while I am there . I am scheduled to leave tomorrow and am so excited that I ca n't sleep !	PERSON decided to go on a vacation . She did n't know where to go , so she looked to LOCATION for ideas . After an hour of browsing , PERSON made her decision . She had determined to go to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . That afternoon , she booked her flight .	PERSON had lived in the same small town all his life . When he won a vacation to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION , he was hesitant . He had read about the crime and worried it was dangerous . Sensing his unease , PERSON 's dad gave him a copy of Taxi Driver . After watching the movie , PERSON canceled his trip .	PERSON attends school in LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . Every weekend he eats at different types of restaurants . He has all different friends from different nationalities . He loves attending school in the city . He wants to live there when he grows up .	A teacher told her class about life back in the 1800 in the west , One student asked why it was called the LOCATION LOCATION ? The teacher had no idea so she looked it up online . She only found links that were related to the Will Smith movie . To satisfy the student she lied and made up a reason .	We went to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION in April . We rode the trolley to all the little stops inside . We also played on the go carts , and bumped into each other a lot . We played games , and ate lots of junk food . Our favorite was the funnel cakes .	My senior year of high school I participated in a beauty pageant . It was called Miss LOCATION LOCATION and was part of LOCATION LOCATION . I had no idea what I was doing but prepared as well as I could . Somehow I won the competition ! I won a scholarship and moved on the LOCATION LOCATION .	My parents took us to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION in 1963 . A LOCATION organization sponsored the trip . We took charter buses , as nobody owned cars in our area . We rode rides and played skee ball all day . We came home tired but happy .
shy	PERSON was very shy . As he started high school , he decided to change that . He resolved to be more outgoing . Consciously , he made himself make new friends . Soon PERSON 's former shyness was a thing of the past .	PERSON was very shy around girls . He practiced talking at home . Soon he had enough courage to approach a girl . To his shock , she smiled and kept talking to him ! PERSON was proud of himself for overcoming his shyness .	I 've always been shy , and I could never bring myself to be social . I 'd shake in fear as I 'd approach a new group of people I did n't know . But one day , I was finally sick and tired of being so unhappy . I approached them , and began to conversate and they all liked me . Sometimes you have to scatter your seed in order for things to grow .	PERSON had been being mean to the new boy in her class . Then a bully began picking on PERSON . She now knew how the boy felt . PERSON realized she should stop being mean . She realized she should also apologize to the new boy .	My niece started her second year of college last week . One of her courses started today . She is not very outgoing . She sat in the last roll . She hopes she wo n't get asked any questions .	PERSON was always a very shy girl . The summer before high school , she decided it was time to change that . She went to classes on extroversion and sociability . She learned how to make friends and act outgoing . When she started high school , PERSON had no problems making friends !	PERSON has always been shy . She unfortunately has a presentation tomorrow . She got so nervous , she could n't speak . She got up to the front only to sit back down . The teacher allowed her to write a paper instead .	Shy wanted to be a mommy very badly . But she was n't married , and she did n't plan to ever marry . Then she talked it over with an adoption agency . They matched her with a couple who were happy to help her be a mom . And right months later , Shy was holding her new baby girl in her arms !	PERSON was very shy . Her classmates assumed she was snobby . But then one kind girl got to know her . It turned out that PERSON was just nervous and easily intimidated . Soon the kind girl helped PERSON make many new friends !
pizza	PERSON and LOCATION were starving , so they ordered a pizza . PERSON wanted half pineapple and LOCATION wanted half hot peppers . When the delivery man arrived , he looked at them strangely . The boys knew he thought their order was weird . But they did n't care - because the pie was delicious !	PERSON was having three friends over for the game . PERSON decided to order two pizzas for him and his guests . More people showed up than PERSON had anticipated . There was n't enough pizza . PERSON called and ordered more pizza .	PERSON wanted to make her family pizza for dinner . But the dough she made fell flat , and her sauce was watery . PERSON was so disappointed ! Then she thought of a solution . She ordered a takeout pizza , which her family loved !	PERSON loves pizza . Since moving to LOCATION , he has not been able to find pizza . He decided to buy the ingredients from the store . After putting it all together , the pizza is made . He is very satisfied with his pizza .	PERSON was hungry for pizza . She decided to try to cook her own . She did a pretty good job . She thought it tasted great and looked decent , too . PERSON decided she would never need to call a pizzeria again !	PERSON was nervous as she turned in her medical school applications . Harvard , her top choice , had an admissions rate of eight-percent . She was worried that she would n't get in . One afternoon , she received a letter from Harvard . She fainted shortly after realizing that she was accepted .	PERSON made flat bread pizzas for dinner . She added many toppings to make her recipe complete . She served the pizzas to her family . They ate the pizzas together , at the dining room table . They were so good , that PERSON decided to have seconds .	PERSON and her family had pizza for dinner on a Friday night . She put the leftover slices of pizza on the counter . PERSON went down to the basement to put laundry in the washer . When she came back the pizza was gone . Their dog had jumped on the counter and ate all of the leftovers !	PERSON had put a pizza in the oven . While it was cooking , someone knocked on the door . He forgot about the pizza . All of a sudden , he smelled smoke . His pizza was in the oven burning .
candy store	PERSON loved going to his favorite candy store . PERSON would often buy candies few times a week . PERSON eventually ran out of money . PERSON stole the candy . PERSON was caught by the owner and apologized for his behavior .	PERSON wanted to visit a candy store . He has n't been to a candy store since he was a kid . He spent time looking at all the different candies the store offered . He ended up spending fifty dollars all on candy . By the end of the week , PERSON was already sick of candy .	PERSON was new in school and wanted to make friends . PERSON told the class that her parents ran a candy store . On the playground , kids flocked around PERSON . They asked PERSON to bring them some candy . PERSON snuck into the store and grabbed candy for her friends .	PERSON was always fascinated with Candy Stores . PERSON decided he would open his own candy store . After locating a spot , PERSON signed the lease , and opened the store . PERSON loved seeing the children enjoying candy from his store . PERSON loved his candy store so much , he decided to open another store .	PERSON went to the candy store . He picked out a chocolate bar . He gave the clerk a dollar for the chocolate . PERSON opened the candy bar and took a big bite . PERSON chipped while eating the candy bar .	I was driving down the road and saw a small candy store . I went inside and bought all kinds of candies and chocolates . When I got home , I left the bag on the kitchen counter . My dog grabbed the bag and ate all the candy ! I was sad , but then i went back to the store , got more , and ate them .	I went to the candy store with my friends once as a kid . We had a great time trying out all the different candies . We begged our parents to buy us some , but they said no . Eventually , we wore them down and they said yes . That was a great trip to the candy store .	A new candy store opened up . It was down the street from lily . So she decided to try it . When she entered she got free stuff . Lily w as really happy .	PERSON was craving candy . He took his allowance and went to the candy store . He filled two big bags with various candy . He left the candy store to go back home . PERSON spent the rest of the day eating candy .
crash	PERSON was the new kid in school . The school bully tripped him in the hall . PERSON crashed into PERSON , the prettiest girl there . PERSON scowled at the bully and helped PERSON to his feet . PERSON managed to get a date with her to the school dance .	PERSON was drinking one night . He decided to drive home from the bar . He thought he was sober enough to make it home . But PERSON had overestimated himself . He crashed into a tree two blocks away from the bar .	It started to rainy when we got in the car . We left the neighborhood and pulled onto the highway . The rainy came down even harder . It was almost impossible to see . I rear ended the car in front of me .	PERSON 's parents bought him a car for his birthday . They told PERSON he could n't have it until he got his license . But PERSON was so eager , he stole the keys and snuck out with it . He thought he could drive it , but he was wrong . PERSON ended up crashing his car !	The other night I heard a loud crash . I looked all over to see what had made the noise . I discovered a picture had fallen off the wall . The glass in the frame was unbroken . It had fallen and crashed into a ceramic bowl under it .	They had fallen down . I had a couple of water bottle in the freezer . I had to put them at an angle . I heard a crash . I had to go check on them .	PERSON crashed into someone at a red light . It was her first accident and she was terrified . But no one was injured and the car 's ' bumpers were barely damaged . The other driver was very kind as they exchanged information . PERSON calmed down very quickly .	PERSON bought a car that he loved . He was driving to work one day . A large truck pulled out in front of him . He hit the truck hard . His car was completely totaled .	PERSON was six months pregnant . A drunk driver hit her car one day and injured her belly . PERSON was rushed to the hospital . There , a team of surgeons operated on her quickly . They tried valiantly , but PERSON miscarried her baby .
babysitter	PERSON 's parents were going out of town and found him a babysitter . He was mad because at 15 , he did n't think he needed a sitter ! Then the sitter arrived - a gorgeous girl named PERSON . PERSON quickly decided he wanted a babysitter after all . And after she was his sister , PERSON became his girlfriend !	My niece works for the state house in MA . She has two children , 12 and 9 . She has to work late on Thursday , an election day . She begged her sister to babysit for her . Her sister reluctantly agreed .	PERSON turned 15 and thought she was old enough to work . Her dad did not agree . He made a compromise with PERSON . He told her she could babysit her cousins , but that was it . PERSON accepted the deal , since she still got to earn money .	PERSON had kids recently . Him and his wife did n't have much time off . They decided to get a babysitter . They checked reviews and picked their favorite . They picked a good one and had a lot more time off .	PERSON was a teenager and wanted to have money to buy things . She offered to babysit for a family friend for ten bucks . PERSON had fun babysitting and was even tipped an extra two dollars . PERSON decided to offer her services to other people around town . Within a week PERSON had four families she would babysit for .	May was asked to babysit the neighbor 's new baby . She agreed to watch the baby . Soon after the parents left the baby began to cry . May tried everything , but the baby just kept crying . She finally fell asleep 20 minutes before the parents returned .	PERSON was only twelve , but she wanted to earn money by babysitting . Her parents decided to let her find work if she could be responsible . She decided to show she was responsible by making dinner for them . Unfortunately , she burned the food and it nearly caught on fire ! PERSON 's parents decided not to let her babysit yet .	My daughter 's friend wanted to be in a fine arts class . She did n't have enough money to register . She was offered a babysitting job for $ 40 a week . She accepted the job with her parent 's permission . Now she is able to take the fine arts class !	I saw an old neighbor in our lobby today . PERSON used to live in our building . She is a nanny and brought her kids in today . I sat and talked to the kids . I told PERSON she is going to be a great mom someday .
dead battery	PERSON planned to wait in the car as her husband worked a late shift . She brought a book to pass the time . PERSON turned on the overhead light and read until the light dimmed . PERSON realized she had drained the car battery . She turned off the light and pretended to be sleeping .	PERSON was out with friends . His wife tried to call him due to an emergency . PERSON forgot to charge his phone . His wife called one of his friends . They let him know about the emergency .	PERSON was trying to make a call . His battery died . PERSON tried to find a power outlet to charge . No restaurants let him use their outlets . PERSON wished that cities still had pay phones .	PERSON took a long road trip . He stopped at a restaurant in the middle of nowhere . When PERSON got back into his car , he realized the battery died . He tried and tried to start the car . With his last try , he was able to get the car started again .	PERSON never worried about his phone 's battery status . Being unemployed , he was trying to find a good job . While out with friends , his phone died , as usual . A potential employer called before PERSON bothered to charge his phone . Jeff now understands the value of keeping a charged phone .	On March 8 , 2013 , we decided to go to a restaurant . We could not start the car . A door was ajar overnight and the battery died . We got a jump and ran the car for an hour . By then it was too late to go to the restaurant .	PERSON was in the middle of a conversation . All of a sudden his phone died . The battery was depleted . PERSON got angry and threw the phone . It broke and became completely dead .	I needed to move my car out of the garage so I could fix my motorcycle . The car had been sitting for about six months . When I tried to start it the battery was dead and it would not start . I put the battery charger on it and waited for a while . When I tried it again it started so I could move it .	PERSON 's laptop would n't turn on . He tried several things . Eventually he plugged it in and it turned on . PERSON figured out the battery was dead . He bought a replacement at the electronic store .
the garden	PERSON had a garden in his backyard . He grew all sorts of things but never could get his tomatoes to grow . One day as he was weeding he came across a caterpillar . PERSON looked up the type and found that it ate tomato seeds . With this information he killed them all and could now grow tomatoes .	A little girl planted a garden in her backyard in the spring . She was so excited that every morning she would get up . Go outside and take care of her garden with extra care . She would water them , she would weed them , and even gave them shade . And by fall she had the biggest garden she ever had .	She started a garden in early Spring . She turned the soil , feed the worms and planted seeds . She watered it all summer long . She weeded out the plants she did n't want . In the fall , she threw a party for her friends to feed them the veggies .	One day PERSON decided to plant a garden . Some of her plants got trampled by her dog . She planted new ones . She put her dog in the house . She finished her garden and loved it .	Time had been cruel to PERSON 's garden . She had not had one for over ten Year 's . One day she decided that she wanted a garden again . She spent many days and weekends getting the garden ready to plant . After the first seeds were planted , PERSON was happy .	PERSON loved to garden . He planted tomato seedlings in the yard . The weather was going to be cold . PERSON covered his tomatoes with a sheet to protect them from frost . PERSON 's tomatoes survived the cold night .	Little PERSON wanted a garden in his backyard . He helped his father hoe and fertilize the dirt . He helped his mother plant the seeds . Day after day , he watered the plants and weeded the garden . He was so excited when he ate his first garden carrot !	They planted a sunflower garden at their house in the city . They watched it grow all summer . The traffic by their house got heavy when the sunflowers bloomed . Many people yelled something nice as they drove past the garden . When the sunflowers died the traffic went back to normal .	PERSON always planted a garden . Today was planting day . He bought seeds of many different kinds . After a few weeks , he began to see growth . PERSON then shared his crops with his neighbors .
mistaken identity	I was walking down the street . All of a sudden someone came up to me . They were talking like they knew me . I had no clue who they were . I guess it was a case of mistaken identity .	PERSON looked outside his peep hole . Two men in suits were outside his door . PERSON opened the door telling them he was n't interested . They busted through the door and demanded money . PERSON was wrong to assume they were PERSON 's Witnesses .	PERSON was dating a twin . One day he showed up at her house for a date . Instead of his date , his date 's sister showed up at the door . Without realizing it was n't her , PERSON leaned in to give her a hug . She simply laughed and called over her sister .	PERSON gets mistaken for famous chef PERSON PERSON at a local restaurant . He is going to tell them the truth until the give him their best table They continue to pamper him all night thinking he is PERSON PERSON . Everything is great until two mob goons show up looking for PERSON . They leave when PERSON 's shows them a picture of the real PERSON PERSON .	PERSON was a small child on a trip with her family . She waded into the ocean water and ran to meet her mother . She tugged at her mother 's bathing suit . A man with long blonde hair turned around instead , angry . PERSON screamed and ran back to shore , traumatized .	While at work PERSON gets visited by officers . They come to arrest him . PERSON is very confused . The police show him a picture of his twin who is wanted for murder . PERSON tells them they have the wrong guy but they do n't believe him .	PERSON pushed her shopping cart to her car . She opened the trunk of her car and put in her bags . PERSON got in the front seat and put her key in the ignition . The car would n't start . PERSON realized it was n't her car .	I was visiting my daughter at Boston College one weekend . I am Chinese . A BC employe was picking up Chinese restaurant flyers . He asked me if I was distributing the flyers . I told him I was visiting my daughter , and he apologized .	PERSON was walking down the street minding his own business . All of a sudden a police officer was grabbing him . The officer said he matched the description of a bank robber ! PERSON knew it was a mistake but was still afraid . Fortunately he had an alibi for the time of the crime so was let go .
motorcycle	I have been saving up to buy a new motorcycle . I finally found one to buy and went to buy it . I hopped on it to ride it home . On the way home I lost my balance and wrecked . I ended up breaking both arms and totaling my new bike .	The man rode his motorcycle in the rain . The ground was very slick . The man crashed taking a corner . The bike slid down the street . The man had to spend eight hundred dollars to fix it .	PERSON has always loved motorcycles . He decided to save his money so he could buy one . When he finally had enough money he bought a shiny red motorcycle . He rode the motorcycle all over town to show it off . PERSON was happy he finally bought a motorcycle .	PERSON was ready to buy her first motorcycle . She went to the dealership . She browsed until she found a great bike . Then she filled out all the paperwork . PERSON drove her new motorcycle home !	Frank loved his motorcycle . Frank would ride his motorcycle everywhere . Frank learned that there was a new road south of him . Frank went to ride the new road . Frank loved the new road .	PERSON got a new motorcycle last summer . He took it out for a ride one hot afternoon . PERSON rode to his friend 's house . His friend got out his motorcycle . The two of them rode together for hours .	PERSON was fixing an old motorcycle . He bought a spare part on ebay . Weeks went by and the part never showed up . PERSON realized he had been scammed . He left a bad review on ebay and then forgot about it .	PERSON took off on his motorcycle . It went very fast . The road was wet from the rain . He slid and fell . Luckily he fell into a pile of straw .	PERSON got on his motorcycle . He tried to start it . The bike did not respond . He rolled it down the street to his friends . His friend helped him fix the bike .
family reunion	It was family reunion time ! The family got up early to get ready to go . They packed all their four wheelers and all their gear . Finally they were ready to go ! They had so much fun at the reunion .	The PERSON family held a reunion . They all wore name tags handed out at the start . They ate a large barbecue meal . While eating , they got into a large fight about politics . That was the last PERSON family reunion .	PERSON was notified by his mother about the family reunion . LOCATION really was not interested in going to the reunion at all . However , PERSON 's mother encouraged him to go . PERSON 's mother wanted him to meet his relatives and have fun . While PERSON was hesitant , he agreed to go the family reunion .	We got an invitation in the mail . It was for PERSON 's family reunion . They planned a barbecue at the park . That was good because the kids could play . Everyone had a great time .	PERSON was at a family reunion . She did n't recognize anyone . She got into a conversation with someone who might be an aunt . She asked if they knew her grandfather PERSON . The woman then realized PERSON was at the wrong reunion .	It was a beautiful sunny day . The whole Mather family was getting together for a family reunion . They met at the City Lakes . There was a ton of great food and great conversation . Everyone left happy and full .	PERSON wants to go to LOCATION . His grandparents live there . He has never been to LOCATION before . He is a little hesitant but bought a ticket to fly there . In less than a month he will be meeting new family members !	My brother PERSON visited our reunion . He showed up unexpected . Everyone at the reunion were excited to see him . He made an announcement at the reunion . The announcement that he was happy and excited to see family .	PERSON 's mom was hosting the family reunion this year . He made a salad and drove to his parent 's house . As he pulled up , he saw a lot of cars out front . Almost his entire family was there to greet him . He enjoyed seeing everyone again .
old friends	PERSON was in the hospital for three months . She was very lonely until her nurse came in to see her everyday . They would talk for hours as the nurse would administer medicine . Soon , PERSON was released from the hospital . They stayed friends for 20 years after she left .	PERSON 's mother brought her the phone . An ex-friend PERSON was calling her . PERSON decided to cut to the chase . She asked PERSON what was being said behind her back . When PERSON froze and could n't answer PERSON said goodbye and hung up .	PERSON grew up with a friend named PERSON . PERSON loved her friend and they were close . She started to realize they were n't good friends . They started to grow apart . PERSON was okay with that .	The other day I was at the bar . It was a long day at work and I just wanted to relax . Out of the corner of my eye I saw PERSON , my old friend . I continued to stare forward as he walked past me . It was too long a day for old acquaintances and hollow greetings .	I saw an old friend today . We had not seen each other in a long while . We talked for hours about how we 've been . It was so nice to see my friend . I ca n't wait for the next time we are able to catch up .	PERSON wanted to meet up with her friend for some coffee . It had been a long time since she 'd seen her friend . They made plans to meet at the local Starbucks . When the day arrived , PERSON 's friend was sick and could not come . PERSON decided to bring her friend some tea so she could still see her .	I ran into an old friend the other day . We realized how long it had been . So , we decided to have lunch . We went for chicken wings . And , we vowed to stay in better touch .	PERSON and PERSON had n't seen each other since high school . PERSON was in town , so they decided to have lunch . They hugged , and exchanged pleasantries . After that , they quickly ran out of things to say . They promised to keep in touch , but neither thought it was likely .	PERSON hated to get rid of his encyclopedia set . He took it the Goodwill store down the street . In his car , he silently said goodbye . The salesclerk told him they could n't accept his donation . He happily took them home .
depression	PERSON was really depressed . His brother had died . It made him so sad . He finally talked to a professional . Now he is able to work out his problems .	My sister in law 's brother in law struggled with depression . He had been doing well for years . Last month he went missing for a day . The police found him sleeping in his car . He went to therapy and got new medication .	PERSON was the life of the party , well respected , and talented . At the party last night , PERSON saw a boy in the corner . The boy looked sad , so PERSON told him it gets better , and to look up . The boy joined them and they danced , and sang karaoke and laughed . They found PERSON hanging out again the next day .	PERSON was n't sure what was wrong with her . She did n't seem sick but she could n't get out of bed . PERSON 's mom would yell at her to get up and go to school . PERSON finally saw a doctor and explained her problems . The doctor said PERSON was depressed .	PERSON was going through a bad time . Her friend and mother died . PERSON started cutting herself . She started getting antidepressants but it did not work . She ended up getting over it .	PERSON believed that the world was a waste of time and stayed in . He took pills for his depression but never seemed to get better . One day a friend came to see him and advised him to see a shrink . He agreed and went to see one being tired of all the pills . He realized that all this time needed someone to talk to not drugs .	PERSON had been feeling depressed lately . She decided to go to a psychiatrist . Her psychiatrist diagnosed her with depression after seeing her . He prescribed an antidepressant for her . It eventually made her feel better again .	My partner realized she is depressed this year . I helped her find a psychiatrist and a therapist . She diligently took her medications . She felt determined to get better . The struggle made her a stronger person .	I knew something was wrong with me . I could n't shake that helpless feeling . I would n't eat or clean myself up . Desperate for answers I went to the doctor . I learned that I had Depression .
rocks	PERSON loves to hunt for interesting rocks . PERSON is a geologist and looks at rocks for a career . One day Matt found a very rare fossil . The fossil was worth millions of dollars . PERSON works for himself now and still loves looking for rocks .	I loved to collect rocks . I would scavenge the local hiking trails for precious stones . One day , I stumbled upon some topaz . I sold the topaz for a nice profit ! I realized that gemstone hunting was a good business .	PERSON has a sack full of rocks . He carried them around all the time . One day he pop one in his mouth and ate it . His mom was worried he did something horrible . It was rock candy he bought at the store .	I played with the rocks in front of my dad 's work . We went there to eat pizza with him late at night . When we left , I went to play in the rocks around the building . I sat there for a long time , sifting through the different stones . I filled my pockets with the ones I wanted to keep .	My dog loved to play with rocks . So , I decided to buy some gravel . I took my dog into the yard and started throwing gravel everywhere . He loved the gravel ! Alas , he decided to eat some and we had to stop playing .	PERSON was throwing rocks at a nearby lake . His little brother was beside him . PERSON wound up and threw really hard . But the rock did n't go into the lake it went right for his brother . His little brother still has n't forgave him .	We always visited my dad at work on the weekends . We ordered pizza and took it to him in the evening . The building was surrounded by piles of rocks . My brother and I sifted through the rocks looking for ones we liked . We filled our pockets and took them home to keep .	PERSON and her family were at the park with their extended family . Some of the kids were pretty wild . In the parking lot an alarm on a car began to sound . The adults all went to check if it was their car . There were rocks all around the cars kids had been throwing .	One night PERSON was woken by a sharp cracking sound . She rose from her bed , terrified , and went to investigate . She found broken glass on the floor by her broken window . Someone had chucked a big rock through the window ! PERSON had to call the police and file a criminal report .
dentist visit	PERSON was scared of dentists . Her mom drove her to the dentist for a cleaning . When they got to the dentist , she refused to leave the car . Her mom said that if she went inside she would get ice cream after . Layla let up and went into the dentist after all .	PERSON went to the dentist . He was scared and did not want to take PERSON of his teeth . Another boy saw that he was scared and came over to talk with PERSON . When PERSON heard the boy and saw he was n't scared , he took the Xrays PERSON was really proud of himself that he was able to overcome his fear	PERSON went to the dentist . She had brushed well . The dentist noticed . The dentist also noticed that PERSON did not floss enough . The dentist told PERSON to floss every day .	It was time for PERSON 's dental appointment . She was terrified of him , and did n't like going . He talked soothingly throughout the appointment . She realized it was n't as bad as she thought . The cute bag with a red toothbrush she received was nice , too .	PERSON took his daughter and son to the dentist . His daughter PERSON went first and was brave . PERSON was next and started crying . The dentist tried to calm him down but PERSON kept crying . PERSON had to go into the room to help PERSON calm down .	PERSON had to visit the dentist . She really hated going to the dentist . She would hide in her bedroom closet whenever it was time to go . Her mother would always give her a hug for encouragement . PERSON eventually overcame her fear of the dentist .	PERSON woke up with a sharp pain in her mouth . She was worried that it might be a cavity . One of her greatest fears was going to the dentist . PERSON made an appointment . It turned out that it was a buildup of plaque not a cavity .	PERSON had a sore tooth . He went to the dentist . The dentist took an X-ray of the tooth . The dentist filled the cavity in the tooth . PERSON felt better after the dentist appointment .	PERSON went to the dentist in the morning . She had n't been for at least two years . The assistant did x-rays on all of her teeth . The dentist informed PERSON that she had 12 cavities . PERSON sighed as she made an appointment for her first filling .
date	PERSON really liked PERSON , the girl in his science class . He resolved to ask PERSON for a date . He steeled his nerves and caught PERSON after class . Then he stammered his proposal for a date that weekend . To his joy and shock , PERSON smilingly accepted his offer !	PERSON really liked PERSON . He resolved to ask her on a date . he steeled his nerves and pulled her aside . Then he asked her out . To his joy , PERSON said she would go on a date with him !	Kia was asked out on a date . The boy who asked her was a shy classmate . At first she thought to refuse , but then she said sure . On the date , Kia was surprised . The shy boy showed her a wonderful time !	The couple went on a date . The man tried to pay . The woman grabbed the check . She insisted on paying . The man felt frightened at her forward gesture .	PERSON had always liked his next - door neighbor PERSON . Finally he asked her on a date to see a movie . But then PERSON 's dad 's car broke down and he had no way to get there ! PERSON saved the day by suggesting that they walk to the theater . They had a long walk there , full of fun conversation !	PERSON has had a crush on PERSON for a long time . He really struggled with asking her out for a long time . Last week he finally asked her out to dinner . PERSON said yes . PERSON was on top of the world .	PERSON asked PERSON on a date . At first she said no . But then she realized that she thought PERSON was cute ! She told PERSON she had changed her mind . PERSON was so happy to hear her news !	PERSON was best friends with PERSON . PERSON started dating a man of a different race . PERSON 's friend PERSON stopped taking her phone calls . PERSON was so hurt to find out that her friend was racist . PERSON continued to date the man anyway .	PERSON went on a date . He forgot his wallet . His date did n't care . She suggested they dine and dash . PERSON fell in love .
hot dogs	PERSON took her children to a baseball game . The children begged and begged for a hot dog . PERSON rummaged through her purse for some money . She then led her children to the concession stand . PERSON was able to afford hot dogs for her children .	PERSON was cooking hot dogs . All of a sudden a storm came . It killed the flame on the grill . PERSON had to move his hot dogs inside . They did not taste the same then .	PERSON went out for hot dogs one summer night . But it was very late . All the restaurants were closing for the night ! PERSON had to go to the grocery store and buy his own hot dogs . He grilled them up and ate them at home , satisfied .	PERSON loved hot dogs . She ate one every day . There was a hot dog eating contest at her school . She decided to enter . PERSON won the contest by a landslide .	PERSON 's family always made hot dogs for dinner . He did n't mind until he turned 12 . He asked for hamburgers instead for his birthday meal . His mom grinded up the hot dogs and made a pattie out of them . PERSON was happy he got a burger that year .	PERSON and PERSON sat at the lunch table together . They started eating their hot dog lunches . PERSON 's hot dog fell on the floor . PERSON cut her hot dog in half . She gave half of her hot dog to PERSON .	PERSON decided he wanted to have hot dogs for dinner . He went to the store to buy some hot dogs . It turns out , the grocery store was out of them ! PERSON was so confused . He then realized he 'd forgotten it was the Fourth of July .	PERSON only liked PERSON 's brand hot dogs . But one day she was attending a barbeque and there were none ! Instead , the hosts used a cheaper brand , which PERSON shied away from . Finally her hunger drove her to sample the off-brand hot dogs . To her surprise , they were very tasty !	PERSON loved to eat hot dogs . She decided to fire up the grill and cook one . As she was cooking , a big storm came and blew out her fire . PERSON ran in as cook as she could . She was devastated her hot dogs were ruined .
teacher	My kindergarten teacher was my idol . Everything she did , I copied . I hated having anything touch my belly button . One day , an adult pointed out that my teacher was n't bothered by that . From then on , I refused to let anything touching it bother me .	PERSON loved working with kids . She decided to become a teacher . PERSON was scared the kids would n't like her . PERSON bought cupcakes for the kids . All the kids love her because of the cupcakes !	The teacher caught the student . The teacher asked the student to stay after class . The teacher lectured the student . The student acted sorry . The teacher let him off with a warning .	PERSON had always wanted to be a teacher . Since he was a kid , he always liked the job . After working hard in school , he went to college . He got a job that paid well as well . Then , PERSON became a teacher for the rest of his life .	I thought I wanted to be a teacher . I talked with a counselor about it . I interviewed people who were teachers . I took classes and did student teaching at a familiar school . I learned I do not want to be a teacher because it 's not worth it .	PERSON wanted to become a teacher for middle school . She was n't completely sure how to go about becoming that . PERSON started looking into the training needed . She decided on a set class schedule for herself . PERSON eventually became a teacher after years of training !	PERSON had a conference with her son PERSON 's teacher . PERSON had 2 fights in a week and this needed to stop . The teacher explained he and another boy seemed to dislike each other . PERSON wanted to know what needed to be done . PERSON was shocked when the teacher suggested And see a psychologist .	PERSON was very late to class one day . She begged the teacher to not punish her . She was always a teacher 's pet so the teacher did n't punish her . PERSON was so excited and then she was late the next day . However , this time , the teacher punished her heavily .	PERSON really wanted to be a teacher . She studied hard in school and went off to college . In college she majored in education science . PERSON finally graduated and took a job teaching . This year , PERSON was nominated for national Teacher of the Year .
nightmare	PERSON woke in the middle of the night . He had had a terrible nightmare . His parents said he could sleep with them . PERSON crawled into bed between his mom and his dad . He slept soundly the rest of the night , safe with his parents .	PERSON has a lot of nightmares lately . At night she wakes up crying and covered in sweat . Usually she can fall asleep on her own again . But this time she needed the comfort of her mother laying next to her . After a few minutes she was finally able to fall asleep .	My dog fell asleep in my lap . He was shaking . I realized he was having a nightmare . I began to stroke his back . That made him calm down and feel safe !	PERSON woke up in the middle of the night sweating . She started to cry . She had a dream about her daughter 's car accident . She was happy that it was only a dream . She tried to go back to sleep .	PERSON woke in the middle of the night , trembling . She 'd had a terrible dream ! She called out for her mom urgently . Her mom rushed in and comforted her . Soon PERSON was able to drift back off to sleep .	I was nearly asleep when I heard a loud thud . I quickly flipped on the light by my bed . I checked the clock , which said it was almost midnight . I rolled over and shut my eyes . I then dreamed about my apartment being invaded !	PERSON woke up trembling . She was trapped in the dark . Then she calmed down . She had had a nightmare , that was all . PERSON turned the light on to help her calm down .	PERSON has had trouble sleeping all week . Tonight , he finally manages to sleep but is having nightmare . He dreams that he misses a project deadline . He wakes up in a sweat thinking that he missed a deadline . He realizes he 's dreaming and goes back to a peaceful sleep .	PERSON is a ten year old boy . He was sleeping and all of a sudden he screamed . His parent came in to make sure he is okay . PERSON had a nightmare . PERSON was n't able to sleep for the rest of the night .
new shirt	PERSON needed a new shirt . He found one that was blue with stripes . When he got to the cash register , he did not have enough . Luckily his mom decided to help him . PERSON was glad he finally found the shirt .	Jazz wanted a shirt for the game . He did not have enough in his account . He asked his mom for an advance on his allowance . She said no . Jazz had to save until he had enough .	PERSON went to the mall to shop for a new shirt . While walking through the mall she noticed this nice shirt . She tried it on and loved how she looked in it . She bought it and could n't wait to wear it at work the following day . PERSON got a lot of compliments on her new shirt that day .	I bought a new shirt last week . I really liked it at first . Then I noticed it was really itchy . I was n't sure what caused the itch . I had to wind up returning it even though it looked good .	PERSON needed a new shirt . He did not want to go shopping . He sent his sister instead . When she came back , she had bought him a pink shirt . PERSON learned to never trust his sister with shopping .	PERSON wanted a new shirt for the game . She did not have quite enough money . She decided to pick up some babysitting jobs . PERSON finally saved up . She was able to buy the shirt she wanted .	PERSON wanted a new shirt . He did not have enough money to go shopping . He decided to get a job to help . He finally saved up enough . PERSON was glad he learned how to save .	PERSON wanted a new shirt for the game . He did not want to go shopping . He sent his mom instead . When she came back , she had picked out a purple shirt . PERSON learned to always do his own shopping .	PERSON wanted a new shirt . The one she wanted was too expensive . She decided to save up . When she finally had enough , the shirt she wanted was gone . PERSON was disappointed .
the kiss	PERSON decided to kiss another man behind her boyfriend 's back . One night she snuck outside the bar to meet her lover . The second PERSON 's lover gave her a kiss her boyfriend drove by . PERSON 's boyfriend squealed into the parking lot in front of the two . The boyfriend broke up with PERSON on the spot .	PERSON was playing outside on his bike . Suddenly he fell and scraped his knee . He searched out his mom who comforted him . Then he asked for a kiss to make his knee better . His mom kissed the injury and he did feel a little bit better .	PERSON dated a guy in high school that she loved . They broke up before college and did n't talk again . One day they ran into each other on the street . They talked and decided to have lunch . They met at lunch and kissed after .	PERSON was walking down the street when she saw a handsome guy . She stopped to talk to him and they had a nice chat . They flirted and the guy asked for her phone number . Then he leaned in and kissed her . PERSON had butterflies in her stomach !	PERSON had the prettiest lips in the world , according to some people . PERSON e-mailed her asking for a kiss . PERSON said no . PERSON asked again and again . PERSON took a selfie with her lips puckered and said there 's your kiss .	PERSON was on a date with a girl he really liked . He was excited to get to know her . At the end of the night , he tried to kiss her . He accidentally feel and knocked her over . They did n't go out again .	PERSON and PERSON are roommates . One night PERSON kissed PERSON . She really loved him . He started acting weird after that . Finally they got together !	PERSON was checking out at Blockbuster . There was cute guy who worked there . PERSON spotted him outside talking to a girl . The girl kissed him on the lips and left . PERSON was heartbroken .	PERSON played basketball on his highschool team . He had a crush on the cheerleader PERSON . One day PERSON made the winning basket . PERSON planted a kiss on his cheek . PERSON got a bloody nose and ran off in embarrassment .
the library	Jan needed to read a book for class . She did not own the book , so she went to the library . She was confused about where to look so she asked the librarian . The librarian looked the book up in the system and found it for her ! Jan checked the book out and took it home for her assignment .	PERSON was 11/2 years old . One morning , she went to the library with her mother . They looked at picture books . They sat in a room and listened to a librarian tell them stories . PERSON enjoyed her time at the library .	The new library was set to be unveiled . The college had been working on it for 3 years . All of the students and faculty were excited to see it . The day arrived and the doors were opened . Everyone agreed the new library was beautiful .	PERSON went to the library . She had a goal of borrowing five books . When she got there , she found a table that had the latest releases . Instead of getting five books , PERSON borrowed ten . PERSON then went home and read the books all within a week .	They had a fun event at the library the other night . They had a reptile place come . They did a show and touch with the animals . They had a lot of exotic animals there . It was a really cool show .	PERSON loved going to the library . Last Friday he was there reading a great new book . A couple of kids went in and started making noise . Finally PERSON lost it and yelled at them to be quiet . He was asked to leave by the librarian who heard him .	PERSON loved going to the library . This weekend he was particularly excited . They got a new selection of science fiction books . Those are PERSON 's favorite . He took several home .	I have been going to the library every day after school . I like to donate my time to read to children . The children love when I read to them . The children have requested me to read on the weekends as well . I have been going to the library seven day a week now to read stories .	PERSON grandparents had no internet . She was desperate to check her Facebook . She begged her grandma to go to the library . Grandma was busy and just could n't take her . Finally grandma gave in and took PERSON to the library .
game	PERSON was babysitting a young boy . They were trying to decide on a game to play . PERSON suggested board games and computer games . But the little boy suggested a much simpler game . They played hide-and-seek , and they both loved it !	PERSON was playing her favorite computer game . However , she lost her power cord . She was only able to play for two hours . Then the game died . PERSON threw her computer through a window .	Today was the big volleyball game . PERSON had been waiting for several days for the game to start . PERSON dominated the game offensively and defensively . Her team won , without losing a point . PERSON was named MVP .	PERSON bought a new game . It was a game he has been waiting for for a year . He starts to play it . The game does n't work . He throws it away .	He was ecstatic . He had just logged into the server . He found that his new favorite game was released . He purchased it immediately . He played it all day long .	PERSON worked for a large company . His boss offered the top employee free sports tickets . PERSON loved baseball and they were baseball tickets . PERSON worked very hard all month to earn the tickets . PERSON won the tickets and enjoyed himself at the game .	PERSON and her sister were bored . Their mother suggested a family game night . The girls became excited and chose their favorite game . Their mother made snacks while the girls set the game up . The three of them enjoyed the family game night .	The game was for the special needs children . They played kickball every saturday . The kids really enjoyed this game because it was cool outside . They ran and laughed and had a great time . They had no winners , but no one cared .	We went to the ballgame . It was starting pretty late . We took blankets and sat on the ground . We ate nachos and drank sodas . We enjoyed the game and the evening .
the thief	LOCATION was relaxing at the park . She saw a man rush past and steal a woman 's purse . The police arrived at the scene . PERSON walked over to the police . She gave a statement of what she saw happen .	PERSON loved to paint near her bedroom window . She always left her paintbrushes in a cup on the window ledge . One day , PERSON finds that someone has taken her paintbrush . She searches all over the house in hopes of finding it . When PERSON looks under the bed , she sees her cat with the paintbrush !	PERSON was a very poor boy in LOCATION . When he was fourteen he stole a loaf of bread from a baker . PERSON got caught running away . When he appeared before the judge he pleaded for mercy . PERSON was sentenced to five years of service to the baker .	PERSON stepped out of the store after a Day of shopping . As she was walking a thief came and stole her bag . She was upset and decided to report it to the police . After a few days she received a call from the police . They found the thief and PERSON got her bag back !	PERSON was a good kid who did well in school and at home . He played football and was considered the best player around . He always seemed to have money despite his parents job . One day the police came over and said he was in jail . All this time he was stealing from homes to buy the things he had .	PERSON pulled into his driveway and saw his garage door was open . Someone had broken in and stolen his tools ! PERSON called the police immediately . He was starting to feel very unsafe . The police suggested he get a security system .	PERSON really wanted a new bike . He saw one in a garage and took it . The homeowner caught him . PERSON was arrested . PERSON was now known as a thief !	PERSON has a habit of taking items that do n't belong to him . Last night he stole a trailer from PERSON 's yard . PERSON has a camera in his yard and caught PERSON on tape . The cops were called and took PERSON to jail . PERSON is now sitting in a cell thinking about his actions .	PERSON was sitting at a bar with her friends and put her phone down . All of a sudden , she looked down and her phone was n't there . She questioned the guys next to her and they promptly got up and left . She called the police but they took their time getting to the bar . PERSON never got her phone back .
tired	PERSON said he would come in on a Saturday to work overtime . He dragged himself out of bed to arrive early . But at work , he was very tired . He was not used to working so much . He hardly got any work done at all !	This morning I started my day full energy . I cleaned the glass coffee and lamp tables . I scrubbed the bathroom like it belonged in a five star hotel . I cooked Tuna Croquettes , Fennel rice and made a strawberry salad . Now it 's evening and I am tired with no more energy .	PERSON was really tired . So he decided to drink coffee . But he just felt worse . PERSON became nauseous and dizzy . He found himself in a hospital .	It was late at night and PERSON was getting tired . He had a long and frustrating day at work . He had to work tomorrow but did not want to go to bed . He wanted to some enjoyment today , even if only for a little while . So , he sat down on the couch and picked up his favorite book .	PERSON was tired . So he decided to make coffee . He boiled water on the stove . But he was so tired that he went to sleep on the couch . PERSON woke up the sound of his smoke alarm .	Kia had stayed up all night reading for school . In the morning , she was very tired . She could barely drag herself out of bed to dress for class . All day , she fought fatigue and moodiness . She vowed not to stay up so late any more .	PERSON wanted to play soccer in a league . But her mom did think she was ready . Finally she let her join . She played hard in the first game . Through PERSON 's fatigue she realized her mom was right .	PERSON walked in her school with attitude . She was determined not to be sucked in PERSON . PERSON had waited by the phone 3 days for his call . She decided he must be stringing her along . She would show him once and for all .	I was working very late . I wanted to go home . I had to finish my work though . I was extremely tired . I drank a cup of coffee to help me stay awake .
PERSON 's song	PERSON wanted to sing songs for a living . She had a beautiful voice but could n't sing . She practiced in front of the mirror for hours . She was finally able to sing a clear note . She can now sing beautifully but still needs more practice .	Playing on his guitar , PERSON was trying to sing along . His vocals were n't the best , but he kept practicing . Singing random lyrics , he eventually got a bit better . Recording it , he decided to mail it to the radio stations . A few days later , PERSON 's song was playing on a local station .	PERSON loved to sing . PERSON 's dad was injured and hospitalized . She needed to pay the bills but had no money . She started to sing for money . After months of singing , she paid the bills and is singing full time !	PERSON worked at a newspaper , but he like to perform stand up comedy . PERSON was good at comedy , and someone took notice . He was offered a job hosting a comedy show for a local TV station . The writing for the show was bad , and it eventually got cancelled . PERSON regretted quitting his day job at the newspaper .	PERSON loves making music . Whenever PERSON has free time , he writes new songs . One day , he finds a flier for a talent show in his town . He decides to participate in the talent show with an original song . PERSON wins after his stellar performance and gets a standing ovation .	PERSON was desperately trying to write a new song . Unfortunately , she had been suffering from writer 's block . So she put on some old jazz music for inspiration . All of a sudden a new chord progression popped into her head ! She ended up writing the best song of her career .	PERSON was at a bar with friends . It was karaoke night . He wanted to do karaoke but was too scared . His friend 's pushed him to the front and made him sing . PERSON sang karaoke and loved it .	PERSON had a song stuck in her head . She could not figure out what the song was . She listened to all of her many CDs trying to find the song . One day she turned on the radio . She finally heard the song in a radio advertisement .	PERSON wanted to write a song of her own . As she began , she had a lot of trouble . PERSON wrote a letter to a talented musician for help . The musician responded and gave some tips . PERSON confidently tried again .
subway	PERSON sat quietly on the subway as she waited for her stop . An elderly woman boarded the train and held onto the subway rail . PERSON felt bad . She stood up and offered her seat to the elderly woman . The woman thanked PERSON enthusiastically .	My mom did n't want to go to Subway for lunch . I told her it was healthy and they had a lot of choices . So we went , she got a chicken breast sandwich . After she finished she told me she now loves Subway . Now me and my mom go to Subway every Sunday .	When we were in LOCATION LOCATION we had to take the subway . It was somewhat scary and complicated to follow . We had to read the map to catch the right one . We finally got on the right one and were able to make it to home . I would prefer to not have to do this again .	PERSON started high school and had to ride the subway home . His first trip was nerve-wracking , since he was so confused ! But a kind stranger helped him buy a ticket and board the train . After that , the trip was a breeze ! PERSON even grew to like the time he had alone on the subway .	PERSON was riding on the subway at night . PERSON became scared since she thought someone was dangerous . PERSON began to switch to the other subway car . PERSON had noticed he did not follow her . PERSON felt relief that the person was not dangerous .	PERSON was on the subway heading into LOCATION LOCATION . He knew it was going to be busy , since it was Super Bowl Weekend . He was n't prepared for how busy it really was . Once he got off the subway , he could barely get out of the station . He decided to just get back on the subway and go home .	PERSON needed to be at a company meeting within the hour . She tried calling a friend to drive her with no luck . Finally , she decided to take the subway instead . She was nervous at first , never having taken one before . Sitting during the commute , she realized it was n't difficult at all .	PERSON took off his glasses and sat them down in his lap . He heard the call for his next stop . He woke up quickly and jumped off the subway . As the train pulled away he remembered his glasses . They had fallen off his lap onto the floor .	PERSON was working at his parents Subway store . When he was working there he was making sandwiches for people . While he was working one day he had a very rude customer . This customer wanted a vegetable flatbread sandwich . PERSON refused to make it for him and quite the store the same day !
sleepover	PERSON had her friends over on Saturday night . They watched movies and ate popcorn . But then they realized it had gotten very late ! PERSON 's friends all called their parents and asked to stay over . PERSON 's night turned into a two-day sleepover !	PERSON was at a sleepover at her friend 's house . She woke in the middle of the night . She 'd had a bad dream and she wished her mom was there ! But PERSON did n't want to wake her friend and embarrass herself . Instead , she just lay quietly until she fell back asleep .	PERSON was sleeping at a friend 's house . It was her first time away at a friend 's house . PERSON was scared and missed her home and family . She called her mom to pick her up . PERSON went home to sleep in her own bed .	PERSON arrived to her friends house for the sleepover . Before doing anything , everyone decided to eat some food . Afterwards , PERSON took out her hair styling tools . She was trying to curl her sisters head . They spent most of the night doing make up .	PERSON was so excited for her sleepover . She backed all of her clothes and stuff animals . She figured out all their plans and what she wanted to do with them . Then when she got there she started to cry . She already became homesick and had to go back home .	We invited my niece for a sleepover . It was her first sleepover and she was so excited . She got her clothes and books and stuffed animals all packed . She then was dropped off at our house and we played games all day . We had Sundaes for dessert and she told us it was her best day ever .	The girls had a sleepover . They watched movies . They ordered pizza . They ate a ton of candy and chips . They had more fun than they ever imagined .	PERSON wanted to have a sleepover . She invited all of her friends . They watched scary movies . They all had a hard time going to sleep . Nobody wanted to wake up the next morning .	PERSON and PERSON are best friends . Tonight they are having a sleepover . They thought it would be fun to see how much soda they could drink . They stayed up all night drinking soda and eating junk . The next morning they had terrible stomach aches .
the walk	PERSON and I took a late night walk to the gas station . My cat decided to follow us there . He walked along with us just like a dog would . He even waited outside the gas station for us . He followed us back home and now we go for walks daily .	PERSON was walking to work . He noticed that dark clouds began to gather . PERSON was almost to work when it began to rain . He ran for the remaining distance . PERSON arrived at work soaking wet .	She always walked to school through the woods . She always found it peaceful and calming . Today she saw a bear too close to her path . This road was n't peaceful anymore . Now she walks through town .	One day I was sad so I decided to walk my dog . It was a beautiful day and we were having a great time walking . Suddenly I watched as a car ran over a squirrel . It was an upsetting thing to witness . I went back to being sad the rest of the day .	PERSON grabbed the dog 's leash from the closet . The dog was began to jump for joy at the sight of his leash . It took PERSON a few minutes to leash the dog . The dog pulled PERSON towards the door . PERSON and the dog began their walk .	PERSON was eager to take her new dog for a walk . The dog escaped the collar and ran down the street . PERSON chased her but could n't catch up . She spent all night looking . She returned home to find her new dog sitting on the porch , waiting .	PERSON decided to go for a walk one day . PERSON is very attentive on his walks . He saw a penny on the ground . PERSON put the penny in his pocket . He skipped all the way home .	PERSON and PERSON went on a walk to the park one day . When they were skipping stones on the pond they were chased by geese . One of the geese bit PERSON ' back pocket . PERSON yelped in pain . PERSON laughed .	A family was really tired of sitting in the house . They decided to go on a walk ! They got out the stroller . They left the house . The family loved the time outside !
jellyfish	PERSON went to the beach on vacation . As he was sunbathing , he noticed something in the water . He went to investigate . Suddenly , PERSON felt a sharp pain in his foot . He had stepped on a jellyfish .	PERSON went swimming . He was bit by a jellyfish . His leg swelled up . PERSON went to the hospital . The swelling was taken care of .	I went to the beach . The beach was filled with jellyfish . I was sad that I could n't swim . I had an idea . I decided to swim in the pool instead .	PERSON went to the beach with her mother on Saturday . A floating jellyfish stung PERSON while she played in the ocean . PERSON became scared of going to the beach . PERSON 's mother took her back to the beach on Sunday . PERSON decided that the beach was fun if there were no jellyfish .	My son and I had gone out to walk the beach early in the morning . There was n't anyone else on the beach as we walked along . We could see where the waves had washed jellyfish up on the shore . There were jellyfish everywhere for a long way down the beach . We made our way home without stepping on any jellyfish .	My friends and I decided to go swimming in the ocean . We jumped into the cold water . We were swimming for about ten minutes when my friend screamed . He swam to the shore crying . He had been stung by a jellyfish .	PERSON had been warned there were jellyfish in the water . He ignored the warnings and went in to swim anyway . He was in the water for a few minutes when he felt a burning pain . He looked down and saw a jellyfish touching his side . He got out of the water as fast as he could .	I was headed to the beach for a party at night . The radio had some reports of jellyfish attacks . I did not believe this would happen so I went anyway . While I was at the beach I was attacked by jellyfish . I will now pay attention to radio beach alerts from now on .	PERSON and his wife took a trip to LOCATION . They were at the beach one day when PERSON was stung by a jellyfish . There was n't anyone around to call for help . PERSON remembered what he heard on the radio about jellyfish stings . He scraped the sting with a credit card to help stop the stinging .
the turkey	PERSON was busy cooking . She was making Thanksgiving dinner this year . She put the turkey in the oven at 7am . It baked all day . Right at noon , it was time to take it out !	PERSON bought a small farm . She had chickens and goats . She decided to add a turkey to her animals . She bought the biggest turkey she could find . It terrorized her other animals !	PERSON was helping her mother prepare Thanksgiving dinner . It was the first year she was old enough to help . She placed the turkey tray in the oven and closed the door . Three hours later her mother informed her the oven was still off . The family had chicken for dinner instead .	PERSON was making Thanksgiving dinner . She had never made a turkey before . She carefully followed the directions . When it was dinner time , she pulled it out of the oven . It was perfect !	A turkey walked across the field . A hunter was watching it . He reached for his turkey call and tried to call it in . The turkey was too smart ! He ran off in the other direction and hid in the woods .	PERSON was rushing around in the kitchen . She was hosting Thanksgiving and had a lot to do ! She pulled the turkey out and was shocked . It was still frozen ! She served her family side dishes and pie , but no turkey .	PERSON heard a funny noise outside . It was a wild turkey ! He watched the weird creature wander around the yard . Finally , it went back into the woods . PERSON could n't believe what he had just seen !	PERSON was busy in the kitchen . She was having twenty guests over for Thanksgiving ! She put the turkey in at 8am . She was busy cooking all morning . WHen the turkey came out , it was a beautiful brown color .	PERSON was assigned to cook the turkey for Thanksgiving . She bought the biggest turkey she could find . She found a great recipe . She bought all the correct seasonings and a pan . PERSON went to put the turkey in the oven and it would n't fit !
stars	PERSON likes to study astrology . PERSON volunteered to take children to a planetarium . The children learned a lot about stars and planets . PERSON felt herself being awed by the planetarium . PERSON felt proud introducing young minds to her passion .	PERSON loved stargazing . For her birthday her dad got her a great gift . He told her it was a stellar present . She smiled as she opened the envelope . She saw that her dad had named a star for her !	PERSON was watching the sky at night . He wanted to see how many constellations he could find . One night it was especially starry . PERSON laid out with his map and binoculars . That night , he found eleven constellations !	PERSON loved going out at night . He loved to study the stars . One night , PERSON decided he was going to show PERSON stars . PERSON was unimpressed by PERSON that night . PERSON then broke up with PERSON because he was lame .	PERSON loved gazing at the stars with her grandpa . It was a wonderful bonding time for the two of them . When she was ten , her grandfather became very ill . After a few months of illness , her grandfather passed away . PERSON missed him terribly , but always felt better while star gazing .	PERSON was looking at the stars . He thought they were beautiful . His dad told him that people get paid to watch stars . PERSON decided that he wanted that job . PERSON studied hard and became an astronomer .	I went camping with my friend one night . I noticed how clear the sky was compared to the city . My friends pointed out a lot of constellations . I could n't see a lot of these in the city . I had a good time with my friends that night .	PERSON and PERSON were a happy couple who loved the outdoors . They went star gazing one night . They hoped to see a shooting star . They saw a shooting star . They had a great time seeing the shooting star .	PERSON buckled her chair . She waited for the countdown to finish . Then she rocketed into the sky . As the stars came into view she stood in awe . She had finally become an astronaut .
detention	My friends and I were bored at school one day . We decided to vandalize the bathroom . My teacher saw the vandalism and gave us detention . My parents were very mad at me . Detention went well , but I hope I never have to do it again .	After the principal said I had detention , I did n't care . I flounced back to class with an attitude . I skipped detention all week long . Other kids told me they had called my name and I was n't there . I ended up getting paddled for skipping .	The little boy was being punished for spitting spitballs in class . He was waiting after school at detention . His teacher made him write `` I am sorry '' one hundred times . When he left he was so upset he did n't look while crossing the road . The bus slammed on the brakes but could n't stop in time .	I got detention for the first time in 12th grade . It was embarrassing because I never got in trouble before . I took the slip to my mom for her to sign . I sat in the room and read quietly . I left the room with a load off my shoulders .	PERSON got detention at school last week . He has to stay after school for an hour every day . Apparently he got into a fight with another kid . The other kid got detention too . They both learned that fighting just makes things worse .	PERSON 's mom promised a surprise for him after school . He was excited all day . So excited that he was n't paying attention during math class . When he did n't answer when called , he was given detention . PERSON would have to wait longer to find out what was his surprise .	Joy never got in trouble at school . She was considered to be the perfect student . After a long week , she fell asleep in class . Instead of asking her if everything was ok , the teacher wrote her up . Joy had never been so embarrassed and luckily got a warning .	PERSON was late to school too many times . As a result her teacher gave her detention . PERSON was nervous about that . She walked into the classroom . She was forced to be quiet for an hour .	I was sitting in detention . I decided to talk to my friend behind me . The teacher got angry because I was talking . She gave me another week of detention . I learned that I needed to stay completely silent during detention .
cartoons	When me and my brother were younger we watched cartoons . Every weekend morning we woke up really early . We both really enjoyed the same cartoon so we watched that together . My mom was always unhappy with us , but it was okay . One day the cartoon stopped airing and we were both very sad .	PERSON was very tired . His mother did not want him to sleep yet . She decided to turn on cartoons for him . He watched his shows with excitement . When bedtime came , PERSON did not want to sleep .	When I was a child , I liked cartoons . I would get up very early in the morning to watch cartoons . Every time , I would fall asleep before the end of the show . Eventually we got a VCR . Now I could record them and watch them whenever I wanted !	PERSON 's mother told her she could n't watch cartoons until she cleaned . PERSON hated cleaning . She worked very slow because she hated it so much . By the time she was done , the cartoons were no longer playing . PERSON learned to try harder when cleaning next time .	PERSON was watching TV at her friend PERSON 's house . PERSON 's grandparents let her watch what she wanted . The girls watched cartoons for hours . PERSON 's grandma came to bring her back home . PERSON was sad to leave since she never got to watch cartoons at home .	PERSON was always interested in how cartoons were made . He signed up for animation classes at his local college . He learned how to program and animate cartoons . PERSON eventually hired several people to work on a cartoon with him . They made a fantastic cartoon that was put on TV .	PERSON at first felt that her baby should n't watch TV so early in life . Then her mom babysat her infant son , and PERSON caught a few glimpses . The modern TV programs were n't like she remembered . They were actually educational , teaching counting , ABCs and morals ! PERSON decided TV was good for her baby after all .	At 7 Year 's old PERSON did n't like cartoons . He would rather watch Law and Order . He liked murder not talking animals . So he would watch crime shows all day . PERSON was a sociopath and killed his family at twelve .	In elementary school I drew cartoons with a friend . We met about once every two weeks . We talked about what kind of cartoons we wanted to make . We drew a few ideas . Then it was time for school to be over .
mail	PERSON wanted to contact his friend . He was writing an email . He deleted the email . He decided on something more personal . He wrote a letter and mailed it .	PERSON was expecting an important package . He waited by the mailbox for it every day . Finally , the mailman came one day with the package . PERSON took it inside excitedly and opened it . He was pleased to receive the item he had ordered .	The man got a letter . He opened it up . It was intended for someone else . He read the contents anyway . He gossiped about the contents around town .	PERSON was waiting for the mail . It never came . PERSON wondered why . Then he saw the calendar . It was Sunday so there would be no mail .	PERSON loved to get mail . He had a pen pal from LOCATION . One day he got a weird package in the mail . PERSON opened it up and was shocked ! Inside was a Chinese dumpling !	The mailman rang the doorbell . I ran to grab my shoes . I answered the door . He was standing there loaded down with packages . He teased me about my predilection for early Christmas shopping .	PERSON bought a newly constructed home . He already submitted a change of address form with the USPS . PERSON checked his box everyday for a month and it was empty . He called the post office concerned and found that they had his mail . They were n't able to send it because his new address was new .	PERSON was expecting a letter . She checked the mail . There was a pile of stuff in the box . It was all junk mail until the bottom of the stack . The letter was at the bottom .	I got a knock on my door . I walked down to the post office lady . She handed me a box . It was a new internet router . I never opened it .
fall	PERSON had just removed the training wheels from his bike . He set off wobbly on two wheels . Then he crashed and toppled over ! PERSON wanted to cry , but he decided to be a big boy . He got right back on his bike and pedaled off !	PERSON loved October . Fall was her favorite season and it finally arrived then . She planned on things to bake and how to decorate . She could n't wait to bring out her decorative gourds . She told her husband that she was going all out this year .	I walk with a cane due to a stroke . In 2013 we went to visit my son 's new apartment . It had hardwood floors . My cane hit a rug and slipped , causing me to fall . Luckily I was not hurt .	PERSON was riding his bike one day . Suddenly he tripped over a rock . He fell off his bike . PERSON landed in the mud and fell hard . He ended up scratching his hands and face badly .	I was raking leaves in my front yard . I made several huge piles . My son came running out of the house . He stage-dove into one of the piles . I made him finish raking the yard .	PERSON was mountain climbing . He reached up to drive his pick into the rock wall . But his hand slipped , and he dangled from one carabiner ! Quickly he regained his grip on the wall . There he clung , panting , until he had calmed down .	I was in a rehab facility in 2011 , suffering from a stroke . One of my roommates was a 90 year old man . He kept wanting to walk around . One night he got up while nobody was around and fell . The rehab staff put a watch on him after that ,	Pearl loved the change of seasons . Fall was her favorite ! She loved to stomp in the leaves . She also loved cozy nights and cool days . Pearl could n't wait for October !	I am one of the people who ca n't get up if they fall . I had a stroke in the fall of 2011 . Last night I went to the bathroom and the cane slipped on the tile . I fell and could not get up . Luckily my wife was able to help me up .
darts	Ant was drinking in the bar one night . His friends challenged him to a game of darts . Ant shrugged and accepted . To his friends ' surprise , And threw well , even inebriated ! Everyone was shocked when Ant won the game .	PERSON and PERSON were at the bar . PERSON challenged PERSON to darts . PERSON agreed to the challenge . They played a game of darts . PERSON beat PERSON in the dart game .	PERSON was playing darts . At first her aim was bad . She missed every throw . But then she caught on . Soon her aim improved !	PERSON and PERSON were at the bar . They began playing a game of darts . She kept missing the board . She finally hit the bullseye . PERSON still won the whole game .	PERSON visited the local carnival . PERSON was happy to see a dart booth . PERSON was a great dart thrower . PERSON hit the bulls-eye every time . PERSON won many prizes .	PERSON was playing darts with his friends . At first his throws were way off . He missed the target every time ! But the more he played , the better he got . By the end of the night , PERSON was throwing like an expert !	PERSON went to the bar every week to play darts . He thought he was the best at it . One day someone challenged him to a game . He accepted and quickly beat him . But after that game he got hustled for money .	PERSON was playing darts at his favorite bar . A younger man approached him and challenged him to a friendly game . PERSON laughed and said that the younger man could never beat him . The younger man bet him $ 50 that he would win . PERSON lost $ 50 playing darts .	PERSON went to go play darts at the bar with his friends . He was a poor shot , missing every throw . But he kept trying , and soon his aim improved . He hit the bullseye a few times , even ! By the end of the night , PERSON had beat all his friends !
blind date	PERSON was nervous about his blind date . PERSON rang the bell of the girl 's apartment . When the door swung open , PERSON was dazzled by the girl . She was absolutely beautiful . Now PERSON and PERSON are engaged !	Cliff meets an amazing woman at a costume party . They talk for hours and he gets her number . He does n't dare call her because he is insecure about his looks . But his friends convince him to set up a date with her . It turns out she likes him even after she learns he 's not handsome .	PERSON sat down at the bar and ordered a screwdriver . She was meeting a blind date and she had arrived early . While she waited she put a dollar in the juke box . She selected a song by INXS . By the time her date showed up PERSON was already gone .	PERSON went on a blind date . He was so nervous that he could n't stop fidgeting . When he arrived at the restaurant , he thought of going back home . Instead , he took a deep breath and went to meet his date . After a wonderful meal , they decided to see each other again .	PERSON had been alone for a while . His friends set him up on a blind date . PERSON was nervous and awkward throughout . The date went horribly wrong . PERSON remained single for a long time after .	PERSON 's friend set her up on a blind date . They met at a restaurant . After a wonderful night they agreed to meet again . The next day her friend called to ask why she had stood her date up . She had accidentally had dinner with the wrong person !	PERSON had been single for a while . Against her will , she agreed to go on a blind date her friends set up . She met her date PERSON at a restaurant for dinner , then a movie . To her surprise , both people had a great time ! Before parting ways , they planned a second date !	Ivy was so sick of blind dates ! Her friends meant well , but they never worked out . She agreed to one last dinner with an accountant named PERSON . To her happy surprise , PERSON was a great guy - funny , smart , and kind ! Ivy and PERSON gladly agreed to second dates with each other !	PERSON was very nervous about her blind date later that evening . After many outfit changes , she decided on jeans and a sweater . PERSON was five minutes early to the agreed upon restaurant . She was surprised to find herself enjoying her dinner date . After lingering over dessert for an hour , they planned a second date .
gas	PERSON was late for work and driving fast . He did not want to be late , nor stop along the way . His gas tank was getting low and he did not fill up . He ran out of gas on the highway . He was extremely late to work , and upset .	I was cooking chicken on the stove . I forgot to turn the gas off . It ignited and set my house on fire . I had to quickly evacuate . My dog died in the fire .	PERSON bought a new vehicle . He did not know which type of gas to buy for his vehicle . He wanted the best performance . He asked a mechanic if 91 or 95 was better . He learned 95 is best and only used that type for his car .	PERSON and her friends were on a road trip . After two hours the driver stopped for a break . PERSON felt it was too early for a stop . But she decided it would be better to hold her tongue . She simply wanted everyone to get along .	The gas was twice as expensive . We filled up the van . We just came from our hotel . It was a bumpy road we were driving down . We were in LOCATION LOCATION .	PERSON was driving home one afternoon . Suddenly her car sputtered to a stop . PERSON remembered that she had forgotten to stop for gas ! Her car 's gas tank was bone dry . PERSON had to walk four miles with a gas can to get more gas .	One day I went to drive my son to a cub scout meeting . The car was out of gas . My neighbor was just leaving when he heard my car sputter . He drove back and helped me buy a tank of gas . I was very thankful .	PERSON was driving home one night . Suddenly her car puttered to a stop . PERSON realized she had forgotten to get gas ! She sighed and put on her hazard lights . Soon a passerby stopped to help her .	The man ran out of gas . He tried to call for help . His phone would not work . He walked ten miles . He found a gas station .
swimming lessons	PERSON went to her first swimming lesson . She got to the pool and met her instructor . PERSON then put on a life jacket since she did not know how to swim . Her instructor worked on PERSON using her arms and legs to swim . PERSON finished her lesson and could n't wait for the next one .	PERSON was afraid of swimming . She could n't go underwater without holding her nose . PERSON decided to take swimming lessons to conquer her fear . It took several weeks , but she finally grew confident . PERSON loved conquering her fear .	PERSON had her first swimming lesson tonight ! She was so excited . Her teacher was very nice . She swam and swam for what felt like hours . By the time she was done with her lesson she was exhausted .	PERSON loved the beach . She was just afraid of the water . She decided to take swimming lessons . They were all at a pool but they helped . PERSON had more confidence to go into the ocean .	PERSON 's mom signed her up for swimming lessons at a lake . Each day she rode a bus to the lake to take lessons . PERSON learned the final test was swimming from a boat to shore . She was petrified and prayed to get out of the test . On the last day of lessons , the bus broke down and she was spared .	The water was cold . I did not feel like swimming . My dad told me I needed to learn . He threw me in the pool . I decided swimming was fun after all .	PERSON went to her first swimming lesson . She was very scared because she had never swam before . The teacher helped her into the water . The water was so cool and refreshing . PERSON had so much fun and could n't wait until her next lesson !	PERSON wanted a pool . But he did n't know how to swim . So he decided to practice swimming at his friend 's house . But he swam there so often that he did n't need his own pool . PERSON was glad that he learned how to swim though .	PERSON wanted his young son to learn how to swim . But the swimming lessons were n't working . The little boy was just too fearful . PERSON decided to take off work and teach the boy himself . With his dad there , the boy felt safe and was soon swimming .
failure	She knew she was a failure . Her parents always told her so . She tried hard sometimes , but it did no good . They continued to berate and judge her . She gave up , knowing it was what they wanted .	Failure was not an option . I studied all night long . I ran into class a few minutes late . I worked hard on the test . An hour later , I suddenly woke up , realizing I dreamed the whole thing .	PERSON was promised a trip to Six Flags if he passed his final exam . So PERSON studied hard . But PERSON still failed . PERSON was sad . PERSON did not go to Six Flags .	PERSON was a high school senior . He had never made below an A on a test . This year he was taking calculus . On his first test he made a PERSON PERSON was devastated .	PERSON has an exam in one week . He is procrastinating on studying for it . He knows that he needs to study soon . He ends up sleeping through the exam . He finally gets to the exam and bombs it .	PERSON was a star student . He had a big exam in biology coming up . He had been studying for weeks . He got to the test and went blank . PERSON failed his first test .	The coach told the class to form a group . PERSON forgot to wear her gym short , so she tried to hide . She approached the back of the group . However , the coach noticed her . She gave PERSON an F and told her to leave .	PERSON was failing in college . PERSON had to get help from his counselor on what to do next . The counselor told him he was put on probation . PERSON realized he needed to get his act together . PERSON went to tutoring and he would go on passing the next semester .	PERSON was failing math class . She tried , but it was just hard to understand for her . Then her mom hired her a tutor to help her . Together they worked to explain the concepts to PERSON . Within one semester , PERSON 's grades had risen from a D to a B + !
college	PERSON was a freshman in college . He was never went out . His friends thought he was lame . PERSON finally decided to go out . He failed his test the next day .	PERSON was trying to find extra ways to make money . He wanted to pay his way through college . So he did everything he could to make an extra dollar . Now PERSON sits on Amazon Turk and scrambles for HITs to make money . It 's hard , but PERSON is making it work .	I was so nervous for my first day of school . When I arrived at my first class , I was shaking . I sat next the prettiest girl in class . We talked the whole time during and after class . We became best friends , and she made college so much easier !	PERSON had always wanted to go to college . No one in his family has ever gone to college . This led to PERSON studying very hard . Brown was also able to participate in many sports . Finally , PERSON was able to get a scholarship to college .	The son got accepted to his first college choice . That was his dad 's old school . His dad was very proud . He bought his son a car to celebrate . His son drove that car for years .	The first year of college was the fun . I wanted to stay in school forever . I need to decide what to do with my life soon . I want to get a job and start earning money . I 'm excited to get out into the real world .	PERSON was a college student . She visited friends the night before a college exam . Because of this , she was late to the exam the next morning . Her grade suffered . PERSON received a C grade on her exam .	I went to college by the beach . One night my friends and were nervous over a test . So we walked to the beach . The sound of the waves and breeze calmed us down . We felt much better after .	PERSON was searching for a job online . Yet he found himself applying for College . Moments later he received a call from Independence University . Now he sits on his computer night and day . Working extremely hard chasing after his Degree .
easter egg hunt	PERSON had a plan to get the most Easter eggs . The other kids started to grab the first eggs they saw . PERSON ran to the back of the lawn where no one had gotten to . He loaded up on the eggs there . He won the grand prize , a huge chocolate rabbit !	PERSON and her sisters were happy it was Easter . They had already eaten all of their candy . The whole family went into the yard to hunt for Easter eggs . They spent most of the morning finding eggs . The entire family had a great time that Easter day .	The family went to the park on Easter . The city put on an Easter egg hunt for the kids . Each kid was supposed to pick up only one egg . That way there would be enough for everybody . The first kids picked up all the eggs anyway .	The johnstons were excited for Easter . Every Easter they have a family Easter egg hunt . The family gets together and hunts for eggs in the backyard . This year they painted the eggs red and yellow . It ended up taking the kids two hours to find all the eggs .	PERSON 's church was having their annual Easter Egg hunt . He was determined to find the most eggs this year . When the buzzer sounded , he took off for the back of the field . All the other kids were looking close to the starting area . He found 27 eggs today , the most by far of any child !	PERSON strolled out of the house with a straw basket . She picked her Easter eggs one by one . She preferred the yellow looking ones and picked those first . She then picked the blue , the pink and the red ones . At the end , her basket was full of colorful eggs .	PERSON takes her kids to an Easter Egg Hunt . They have bouncy houses and free donuts . The kids find lots of eggs . When they get home they open the eggs and find candy . The kids eat all of the candy .	PERSON was planning a special event for her 1st grade students . PERSON decided she would hold a Easter Egg Hunt for her students . In addition , PERSON would have music played at the Easter Egg Hunt . After planning , PERSON told her students about her Easter Egg Hunt . PERSON was delighted to see the excitement on her student 's face .	PERSON was going on her first Easter Egg hunt . There were dozens of children lined up , ready to go . While the other kids grabbed the close up eggs , PERSON ran to the back . She was able to pick up over 20 eggs before the other kids got there . She felt very pleased with herself .
shoes	I was wearing a new , clean pair of shoes . I told everyone at school about my brand new shoes . All of my friends came to look at my shoes . They stepped on my shoes on purpose . Now my shoes are dirty .	PERSON wanted to buy a pair of running shoes . PERSON went to the sporting goods store to shop for the shoes . PERSON was perplexed by the sheer variety of shoes available . PERSON asked the clerk what she thought the best pair was . PERSON decided to take her advice and got the pair she recommended .	When we went to get on the go carts , we were stopped . The attendee said we had to wear appropriate shoes . My son was wearing flip flops . Thankfully he was kind and let our son borrow his shoes . We said thank you and our son enjoyed the ride .	PERSON loved shopping for shoes . So she asked her boyfriend to take her to the mall . PERSON went to store after store to buy various pairs of shoes . And soon , her boyfriend could no longer pretend to be interested . They had a big argument inside a store and never saw each other again .	PERSON did not have any shoes that fit him . He needed to buy a new pair . He tried to find some he liked . Everything he wanted was too expensive . He finally found the perfect pair and bought them .	Tristan stepped in some mud . His new shoes got covered in mud . He looked for a new pair . Tristan found a great pair at Payless . He bought those ones .	PERSON could never find shoes in his size . He required shoes that were a size 16 . Stores always stopped at a Men 's 14 . One day he found an online outlet that catered to large-footed people . He was almost overwhelmed by the options and bought three pairs .	My friend and I went shoe shopping . She has very small feet and I have large feet . We wanted to buy shoes at the same store . A pair of red shoes fit me , and also fit my friend . We ended up buying the same shoes in different sizes .	PERSON was on the basketball team at his high school . His shoes were old and affecting his performance on the court . He asked his mom to buy him new shoes . His mother bought new shoes for him . PERSON used the new shoes to lead his team to become champions .
computer	PERSON was a college student . He needed a laptop for school . He went shopping with his father . They found a great laptop . PERSON was prepared for school and very happy .	PERSON was having trouble with her computer . No matter what she tried , she could n't get it to turn on . She decided to bring it into a shop to be fixed . After two hours of waiting , she was called back to the store . Her computer had been repaired , and she happily continued her day .	PERSON loved to use his computer . He would play games on it as well . One day , his computer would not turn on . This made PERSON very sad . PERSON had to rush to the store and get his computer repaired .	PERSON was passionate about computers . He took many classes about computer programming . He decided to build a computer himself . He spent many hours researching and planning the computer . He successfully built the computer and saved a lot of money doing so .	A family went shopping together . They were browsing for electronics . A boy in the family pointed at a box . The box was a brand new computer . The father bought the boy a new computer .	PERSON bought a new computer . He brought it home and turned it on . He was very excited to get it working . Three days later the battery in the computer broke . PERSON was sad because he forgot to buy the warranty .	McDonald had always wanted a computer . The only issue was they were very expensive . McDonald decided to save his money . After many months , McDonald had enough money . Now , McDonald owns a computer and he is happy .	My computer was becoming slow . I realized it was time for a new computer . I decided to buy a Macbook Air . I waited until Black Friday to buy it . I got a forty percent discount on the Macbook Air !	PERSON wanted to buy a new computer . PERSON went to his local Best Buy supercenter . PERSON asked one of the sales guys which computer he should buy . The guy recommended he get a touch screen laptop by Dell . PERSON agreed and bought that computer on the spot .
the bike	PERSON got a bike for his second birthday . His mom went to put it together . First she built the frame . Then , she put the small bits on . Finally , she added some decorative stickers .	PERSON rode his bike to work . He brought his bike into his office . His boss saw the bike . His boss informed PERSON that the bike had to go . PERSON rode his bike home .	I once had a green bicycle . I was a very nice bike . I could n't let anyone ride it though , even if I 'd liked . It made everyone sad that they could n't ride my bike . Eventually i got a new bike so that people could ride it .	The mom bought herself a bike . Her kids liked to bike , so she decided that she would join them . They started riding every day . They worked their way up to ten miles . Biking had become their new favorite hobby .	PERSON saw a bike that he wanted in a store window . Because his family was poor they could not get PERSON the bike . So PERSON decided to get a job as a paperboy . He saved all of his money that he earned daily . Eventually PERSON was able to purchase the bike for himself .	PERSON needed a new bike . He went to the store and test drove each one . He decided on a mountain bike . It had big wheels . He rode it home and showed it to all his friends .	PERSON wanted to buy a bike for a long time . PERSON spoke with his family members about buying the bike . PERSON 's family members were against him in buying the bike . PERSON bought the bike anyway . PERSON 's family members finally let him keep the bike .	PERSON needed a new bike . His old one fell apart . His mom took him to the store . He bought a bright red one ! He road his new bike all day !	PERSON had saved his money for weeks . He went to the store to buy a bike . He bought a flashy green bike with a headlight . PERSON felt great zooming around the neighborhood . He could n't wait for all his friends to see it !
broken phone	PERSON dropped his phone on the sidewalk . He did n't have a cover for it . The screen cracked in several places . The rest of the phone was n't severely broken . PERSON kept using the phone with a cracked screen .	PERSON was walking with his phone in his hand . He was n't paying any attention to where he was going . His head was down and he mindlessly walked into a tree . His phone fell from his hands landing face down , he hoped it was ok . When he picked it up he realized it had shattered into pieces .	PERSON ordered a new phone . Just as she opened the box , she dropped it . When she looked at it , her screen was shattered . PERSON was devastated . She had to send her new phone back .	PERSON loved his smart phone very much . It kept all sorts of important information that he used regularly . When it was raining , PERSON dropped his phone in a puddle ! It would n't turn on anymore , so PERSON took it to the store . They had to give PERSON a new phone , but luckily restored all his data .	PERSON was at a pool party with friends . Someone decided to throw him in . His phone was on him . The phone was destroyed . PERSON 's insurance did n't cover water damage .	Cherry was riding the bus . She took out her phone to do a little research . The bus made a large turn and crossed a large bump . When she jumped from her seat , the phone flew out the window . It landed on the floor .	A high school was walking around town when she dropped her phone . The screen was shattered and she needed to fix it now . She went to the phone store to see what they could do for her . They offered to fix it for a price . The girl payed the cashier and got her precious phone fixed !	PERSON wanted to get a new phone . He did not want to buy one unnecessarily because he did n't need it . Last night after work , he was walking to the car when his phone fell . It fell face down and shattered and nothing would turn on . He had no choice but to buy a new one to replace it .	Yesterday I threw my jeans in the wash . When I took them out I was upset . I realized I left my phone in there . I was rather upset . I had to buy a new one .
delivery	PERSON and I were n't sure what to get for dinner one day . We wanted Italian but it was very expensive . I ended up ordering the Italian for the both of us . It was kind of expensive but I did n't mind . We both really enjoyed out Italian food !	The manager gave me a package to deliver to a house . When I looked inside of it , there was $ 1000 dollars . Since I needed the money , I lied to the boss and kept the money . He argued with me a few days later since he received a complaint . I ended up getting fired .	On Thursday we ordered takeout food for dinner . We like a nearby Italian restaurant . However , their delivery service is unreliable . We took a chance and ordered . Surprisingly , the food came within thirty minutes .	There used to be this amazing Chinese restaurant by my house . They had the best chicken I 've ever had . The best part was that they delivered ! Too bad that they were shut down a few weeks ago . I guess I 'll have to find a new Chinese place .	They stopped were stopped at the border by customs officials . PERSON had hidden the stash in the well of her tire . PERSON played it cool while the agents checked their ID 's . After a cursory glance around the vehicle they were waved through . PERSON let out a sharp breath as they drove off into the desert sunset .	The man delivered a package . It went to the wrong address . The customer called customer service . They sent another package . The man realized his mistake while delivering that package .	PERSON was hungry . He decided to order food from a local restaurant . He was excited to eat . But when he opened his food container , something smelled wrong . PERSON called the restaurant and asked for a refund .	The mailman came around the corner with his satchel . The dog had been waiting for him . Just as the mailman crossed the front of the house he pounced . Mail went flying everywhere and the postman was cursing . The dog relished the coppery taste that filled his mouth .	PERSON 's water broke one night . She hurried to the hospital . They set her up on medicine and encouraged her . She struggled through the birth of her baby . And after sixteen hours , PERSON became a mommy !
love	I never meant for this love to happen . He told himself as he walked aimlessly through the night . Memories flooding his brain , as he focused on the only thing he could . One foot in front of the other , and you 'll reach your destination . I never meant for things to come undone , but so it goes .	It was month of april when i first saw her . She 's beautiful and i want to know her . That 's why i decided to ask her name . I find her name in facebook and i message her . Luckily , she replied and we started talking and going out together .	PERSON was talking to the manager . The manager worked at a wedding chapel . PERSON was trying to schedule a date for her wedding . Nothing seemed to be working out . PERSON took out her rage on the woman and stabbed her 27 times .	April was in love with PERSON . He thought she was too young for him . He really liked her too . They finally went on a date . Not long after they were married !	One day a couple met at a dance club . They were inseparable after that . They wanted to spend all their time together . Finally after many years to man asked the woman to marry him . They were married in the park under the full moon .	PERSON was 15 and pregnant , and could n't raise a baby . She did n't want to abort it , but she knew she could n't keep it . She decided her best choice was adoption . It was hard , but she found a very loving couple . PERSON was proud of herself for doing what was best for her baby .	PERSON 's husband broke her heart when they divorced . For years she refused to even date anyone else . Then gradually she softened and started seeing someone new . Soon she had to admit the truth to herself . PERSON had fallen in love with her new beau !	PERSON and PERSON were young and in love . They decided to get matching tattoos one night . They wanted each others names on their backs . PERSON went first and got PERSON 's name perfectly on her back . PERSON went next and got Lilly 's real name PERSON on his back .	PERSON was a fairly famous stage actor , but he was lonely . He had dated a string of actresses , without any romantic luck . He complained of his troubles to his sympathetic agent every week . Gradually they began to realize how much they cared for each other . Soon PERSON 's loneliness vanished , for he realized - he was in love !
caught cheating	PERSON was cheating on his wife . One day he forgot to delete a text message . His wife saw it and freaked out . PERSON had to come clean . They wound up divorcing soon after .	PERSON was in a loveless relationship . He cheated often . One time his wife caught him . PERSON hoped it would be the end of the relationship . Unfortunately his wife did n't leave .	PERSON was unhappy in his relationship . He decided to cheat . His girlfriend noticed a message on his facebook . She figured out what he was doing . They broke up soon after .	PERSON was eating out with friends . He noticed his girlfriend at the same restaurant . She had said she was sick and staying home . PERSON noticed she was with someone else . He stopped talking to her that same night .	I was driving to school . When I came on campus , I noticed two familiar people . They were making out in the parking lot . It was PERSON and PERSON . Although PERSON is in a relationship , he decided to kiss PERSON .	PERSON was playing poker with friends . He was losing pretty badly . PERSON decided to try and cheat . He was caught pretty easily . PERSON 's friends kicked him out of the game .	PERSON 's wife loved him . She caught him cheating . She wound up forgiving him . PERSON cheated again . She kept forgiving him .	PERSON was a good student . He was doing poorly in one class . He could n't handle the idea of getting a bad grade . He tried cheating but was n't good at it . PERSON got caught and was flunked .	PERSON was in a long term relationship . He became bored and started cheating . Eventually his girlfriend found out . She decided to break up with him . PERSON was actually relieved .
beach	My uncle lives on the coast . There was sand when he moved there . But erosion made it go away . Now water goes up to the rocks . It is still a nice place to relax .	My sister and I drove to the beach yesterday . We got in the car and drove for one hour to the boardwalk . Once we got there , I changed into my swimsuit . We swam and played in the water for the entire day . After we finished , we ate burgers and went home .	PERSON was going to the beach . She packed all her things and headed to the shore . There , she laid out and tanned . Then she dipped in the water . PERSON had a great time on her beach trip !	This summer my wife and I went on a vacation to the beach . It was on PERSON PERSON and was sunny and nice the whole time . We had a great spot near the beach and walked it every morning . We stayed a week and it was the best vacation ever . We are planning on going back soon because it was so awesome .	PERSON went to the beach . He noticed he forgot to pack sunscreen . He continued on anyway , unworried . Later on , his skin began to turn red . He had developed an intense sunburn .	We drove six hours to the beach . We pulled out a blanket and put it on the sand . We set up a large family umbrella . We settled in and just watched the sunset . We left the beach and looked for a restaurant .	PERSON wanted to go to the beach with his friends . He packed up his swimsuit and surfboard . He got in the car and drove to the shore . PERSON stepped out of the car and felt raindrops on his face . He decided it was n't a good day for the beach after all .	PERSON went to the beach with his friends . They decided to have a sandcastle building contest . PERSON decided to create a castle with a modern twist . A group of onlookers stood and watched . An impartial judge among them ruled that PERSON won the contest .	It was summer when we decided to go to the beach . The beach that we chose has clean water and has white sand . I enjoyed being there until one guy ruined my day . He is so arrogant like he owns the beach . I decided not mind him instead i just appreciate the beach .
stairs	PERSON decided to take the stairs to her office at work . The first few floors were easy enough . By the 5th floor PERSON was panting . Since it was only 6 floors she thought it would be easy . When PERSON arrived at her desk she was panting and sweating .	One night my friend called me crying . She was walking down the street in LOCATION when someone pushed her . She fell down a flight of cement stairs and split her head . The assailant did not attempt to take anything and fled the scene . My friend needed 6 staples in her head .	PERSON was an athlete . PERSON had to frequently climb stairs at his work . PERSON decided to skip stairs for exercise . PERSON began skipping stairs regularly . PERSON saw his fitness improve noticeably .	Last week I visited my friend at his new apartment . The elevator was broken . He lived in the 14th floor . I decided to walk up the stairs . By the time I got there I almost fainted and they had to help me in .	My five year old brother slid down the stairs on a mattress . He screamed with delight as he flew down . At the bottom he ran into the wall . He hit his head and started bleeding . He had to go get eight stitches .	PERSON hating walking up the stairs every day . He knew it was good exercise but it annoyed him . One day , he stopped walking up the stairs . He grew fat and could not do a lot of stuff . Then , he began exercising to lose weight again .	I was walking up the stairs . Suddenly , I fell ! I was rushed to the hospital for a concussion . The doctors told me I should be more careful . From then on , I decided to hold onto the stair railings .	PERSON lived under a staircase . he lived with his uncle , who does n't care for him . He later on received a letter . The better gave him full scholarship to a school He took it with a heartbeat	PERSON raced down the stairs . His foot slipped out from under him . He crashed head first into door . His head started bleeding . He went to the doctor 's office to get the wound closed .
football	PERSON thought he was the best football player . He was determined to be a starter in the next game . He practiced hard every day . He did everything his coach told him to do . At the pep rally , the coach announced the starters and PERSON was one !	My wife has never been a fan of football . Whenever I watch it she leaves the room . I asked her if she 's ever been to a game and she had n't . I convince her to go to one Bear 's game with me . She agreed and had a great time , and now loves the sport .	PERSON was excited about his upcoming football game . He got to the stadium early and played on his phone . After the game , PERSON could n't find his phone . PERSON was very sad and continued to search for the phone all night . He was happy to find out somebody had turned his phone in .	PERSON wanted to play football his senior year but was too skinny . He wanted to be a wide receiver but was n't fast enough either . He hit the weight room all winter long and also worked on his speed . He surprised all the coaches at tryouts in the spring . He made the team and scored a bunch of touchdowns for the team .	My friend went underneath my legs to score the touchdown . Touching the fence meant a touchdown . We were playing backyard football at school . We were lined up for the snap . I was not expecting that .	PERSON is playing on the football team this year at school . He only played when he was a lot younger . He has been practicing every night . He really wants to do a good job . He is hoping to make varsity next year .	PERSON was a star football player in high school . He worked very hard every single day . When the state championships came , PERSON was thrilled to play . He managed to make the touchdown that won his team the game . Everyone agreed that PERSON was the best player on the team .	PERSON thought that football looked fun . He decided to go to the store and purchase a brand new one . On his way to the store he found a group of people playing football . They invited him to play , so he joined them . He had tons of fun , and made a bunch of new friends .	I was watching tv at home . The kids were playing football in the house . I told them to stop playing in the house , but they would n't listen . They threw the football at the tv and broke it . I grounded them for a month .
PERSON loses weight	PERSON was really self conscious of his weight . He decided to lose some weight . He signed up for a gym membership . He ran everyday on the treadmill . PERSON was able to lose 10 pounds with exercise and healthy eating .	PERSON had been overweight all of her adult life . PERSON decided it was time for her to get in shape . PERSON joined a gym and began eating healthy foods . PERSON began losing weight and look good . One year later PERSON had met her goal weight and was finally happy .	PERSON wanted to lose a few pounds . She began watching what she was eating . PERSON and a friend started taking walks after work . PERSON began to feel better . She lost twenty pounds in a few months .	PERSON 's afraid that he will never lose the weight he put on in college . He decides the only way to lose weight is to get a gym membership . He goes to the gym each day and works as hard as he can . Gradually PERSON begins to lose his extra college pounds . Now he 's so happy he believed in himself .	PERSON realizes that he has become very fat over the last two Year 's . He decides that he needs to lose weight quickly . PERSON stops eating meat and starts to jog every day . After 6 months he starts to lose weight . PERSON is happy that he has finally started to become less fat .	PERSON wanted to lose some weight . She ran a mile every day . She also dieted by reducing her caloric intake . She lost 20 pounds over the course of 6 months . PERSON was proud of her accomplishments .	PERSON wanted to lose 50 lbs . He started eating smaller meals . He also started eating more healthy food and less junk food . In addition , he began a daily exercise program . By the end of the year , PERSON had lost all 50 lbs .	PERSON was an overweight mom . She would often get depressed thinking about it . She decided enough was enough . PERSON went on a very strict diet . PERSON ended up losing over 100 lbs .	PERSON did n't get very much exercise . Eventually he started to gain more weight than he wanted . His friends suggested that he started exercising . PERSON began visiting the gym every day . Eventually he worked off all of the weight he gained .
surprise	PERSON was sad he broke his favorite bowl . it was worse since the store no longer carried the bowl . PERSON came home from school and sulked off to his room . On his bed was a box . PERSON jumped for joy to see a Spiderman bowl his mom bought online .	PERSON received a mysterious package in his mailbox . Having no idea where it came from , he was reluctant to open it . He carefully took the package to his backyard and opened it slowly . Inside the package was a small ring and a folded note . It was a surprise gift from his grandmother for his birthday .	PERSON found out his girlfriend was pregnant He wanted it to be a girl so bad He went to the store and bought everything for a baby girl His girlfriend went to the doctor to find out the baby 's gender It was a boy	Angel had a bad day at work and did not want to cook . She suggested the family go out to eat or order in . PERSON did not want to go out to eat and planned a surprise instead . He went to the kitchen and started cooking . He surprised PERSON with her favorite meal with dessert included !	PERSON has always wanted a surprise birthday party . This year she was turning 50 , and hoped she 'd finally get one . PERSON 's sister has knew about her wanting a surprise . Her sister told all of PERSON 's friends about the surprise party . PERSON was so happy to finally get the surprise birthday party .	My brother took me to dinner for my birthday . All of my friends were busy it seemed . The dinner was great . Afterwards he drove me home . When I opened the door I was surprised with a surprise party !	PERSON and PERSON had been in love for years . One night , he did n't come home until four am . She noticed that his shorts had pink all over them . PERSON said it was probably just ketchup . PERSON was n't an idiot and recognized the lipstick for what it was .	Mom and Dad went out of the town for the weekend . The kids went to stay with their grandmother . Grandma took the kids to the Humane Society . They kids fell in love with a cat . Mom and PERSON had a big surprise when they got home .	PERSON took his children to the state park to look at the wildlife . They drove around until they saw a group of brown bears mingling . PERSON parked the car and they began to observe the bears . One small cub walked up to the car and opened the door . Surprised , PERSON quickly closed the door .
the gift	PERSON had looked for weeks to find the perfect gift for her sister . She could n't find anything ! Finally , the day before Christmas , she decided on a teapot . It was beautiful ! Her sister was thrilled when she opened it .	PERSON was on his way home and wanted to get his girlfriend a gift . He decided he wanted to get her some chocolates . He went too the store and got some chocolates . He went home and gave her the chocolates . She loved them .	PERSON was attracted to his classmate PERSON . He heard that PERSON loved elephants . One day PERSON brought Nia a plush elephant as a gift . PERSON smiled and hugged PERSON . To her , it was the best gift she had ever received .	PERSON receives anonymous gifts at her job . Her coworkers begin to gossip . She assures them she is faithful to her husband . PERSON 's husband comes to her job to make a confession . He has been sending the gifts to spice up their marriage .	PERSON 's cat came in through the cat door . She looked proud as she dropped something on the floor . It was a mouse that was stunned but still alive . Sue grabbed a broom , guiding it through the door . The cat looked annoyed that her gift got away .	PERSON 's aunt sent her money for her birthday . PERSON 's mother brought her to the store to buy her a gift . PERSON began to look at all the toys and games . She could n't decide which to choose . PERSON decided to save her money .	PERSON needed to buy a gift for her mother 's birthday . She drove to the store and began to look around . After looking for a while , PERSON could not decide what to buy . She eventually found a gift card and purchased it . PERSON gave the gift card to her mother , who liked the present .	PERSON climbed out of bed one morning to find a package at the door . She opened it up . It was a gift from her boyfriend ! It had flowers and chocolate in it . She was very happy .	It was my birthday and I always wanted a new iPod . As I was opening my presents , I tried to not be awkward . But it 's a little hard for me , as everyone is staring at me . My eyes light up as I see my brand new iPod in the packaging . I run over to my mom , and hug her for the gift .
the contest	PERSON was training to be a great cook . There was a competition downtown that he was entered into . He perfected the dishes he was going to prepare . When it was time to compete , PERSON got frazzled and burned all his food . He placed last in the competition and was very embarrassed .	I used to engage in a lot of contests . I liked the competition so I did well . I got sick when I started to get older . I ca n't compete in physical competitions anymore . Because I ca n't do physical things I started competing at chess .	PERSON entered his office 's chili cooking contest . He did n't have his own recipe . He decided to just get a lot of chili from Wendy 's . He added a bit of spices and that was it . PERSON won second place .	PERSON had won a thousand dollars . SHe 'd entered a costume contest at her school . Her Halloween costume had blown everyone else 's away . PERSON took pictures of herself wearing it . SHe could n't wait to show all her friends !	PERSON challenged her friend PERSON to a hot dog eating contest . The first one to eat ten hot dogs in fifteen minutes would win . PERSON practiced timing himself eating ten hot dogs in fifteen minutes . It took a lot of mistrials before he got it right . PERSON won the contest .	PERSON won a new bike . She 'd entered a coloring contest at her school . She was very proud of her accomplishment . She went home and sharpened her crayons . She wanted to be ready for the next contest !	PERSON noticed a posting for a Creative Writing Contest at her school . She entered it and worked hard on a story . She did n't think it was very good and almost withdrew . However , she decided she had nothing to lose , and submitted it . She won second place and was encouraged to do more writing .	PERSON really enjoys eating pie . One day , he saw a flyer for a pie eating contest and decided to enter . PERSON tried his best to win , but ended the contest in fourth place . He did n't mind much about losing . PERSON was happy enough just to have eaten a lot of free pie .	PERSON loves to cook and make elaborate dishes . She found out recently about a cooking contest with a great prize . The winner gets to meet their favorite celebrity chef as the prize . PERSON practiced and studied hard on many cooking skills . Her hard work paid off and showed because she won the contest .
the speech	PERSON had to give a speech at his job next month . It was going to be in front of the entire company . PERSON was nervous because he gets stage fright . He took a crash course of public speaking which helped him a lot . By the time the day came to give the speech PERSON was confident !	PERSON stayed at the edge of the stage to look out at the crowd . She shuffled the cards in her hand filled with notes . She walked to the podium and adjusted the microphone . Fear nearly overwhelmed her but she started to talk . The crowd gave her a standing ovation when she finished .	PERSON was working on a speech for the upcoming school elections . He was running for school Treasurer , but was very nervous about it . He practiced his speech everyday . When election day came , PERSON gave the speech perfectly ! Much to his excitement , he was elected Treasurer .	John , the CEO of the company , got up . He was giving a speech to the company . He stood behind the lectern and delivered his speech . It was a very powerful speech . All of the employees agreed that it was a great speech .	I was asked to give a public address to a sizable crowd . I had n't done much of this and felt very nervous . I decided that starting with a joke might help ease the tension . I began my speech with a zinger of a joke . Everyone chuckled , making me feel like I could own this moment !	PERSON was afraid of public speaking more than anything . But for her class she had to make a presentation in front of everyone . Her mother suggested she practice in front of a camera . After watching herself on camera , PERSON was able to feel calmer . In class , she gave her speech and got an A.	PERSON had to give a speech to the board of directors . She was very nervous about it . A promotion was on the line . During the speech she threw up in her mouth . She swallowed it and barely finished the speech .	PERSON had a speech to do in front of the school . PERSON practiced his speech and was ready . It was time for PERSON to give his speech . PERSON accidentally burped on the microphone . He got nervous and forgot the rest of his speech .	PERSON had to public speak . He was not gifted and was nervous . So he decided to practice everyday . He thought he was ready . But he choked during the speech .
soda	I drank a soda too late . It kept me up for several hours . I thought about drinking another . I pulled it out from the fridge . I decided to put it back .	PERSON was trying to cut down on her sugar . She decided on an easy way to do it . She would just replace her soda with water ! It turned out to be a lot harder than she had expected . But eventually PERSON succeeded with her plan !	I got into the habit of drinking soda . I woke up in the morning and drank one before work . I bought a 12 pack every week . I had one at night one the weekend . I really liked the new brand of soda .	I went to buy a soda from the soda machine . However , I did n't have enough money . As I walked away , I found another quarter on the floor . I picked it up and used it to buy my soda . What luck !	PERSON was on a diet . The thing she missed most was soda . One day she ordered a non-diet cola with her lunch . The calories distressed her , but still she smiled . It tasted so delicious !	I really hated drinking soda . The bubbles were so annoying to drink . When I bought a can of soda , I decided to shake it up . This made the bubbles eventually disappear . Now I could enjoy my soda .	PERSON drank a lot of soda one night while watching TV . Then he went to sleep - later than usual . But he had trouble , like his parents had warned him . The caffeine in the soda kept him up , like they 'd feared . PERSON vowed never to drink soda before bed again !	The soda hit the ground hard . She sighed in frustration that she had ruined it . Picking it up , she put it back in the car . Later she went to get a soda . She forgot , and it fizzed all over her .	Drew chugged an entire two liter of soda . It was n't long before he felt sick to his stomach . He ran to find the nearest bushes . He bent over , so nobody could see what came next . Drew threw up every ounce he had chugged .
dishes	PERSON 's single mom worked full-time to care for PERSON and her brother . One day after school , PERSON decided to show her thanks . She washed all the dishes and helped her young brother clean his room . Then they swept and mopped the floors together . When their mom came home , she wept with joy to see her happy surprise !	I never understood the need for expensive dishes . Dishes are going to get eaten off of . There is no point paying more than you have to . My wife told me otherwise . My wife and I eventually bought expensive dishes .	It was PERSON 's turn to do the dishes . PERSON did n't want to do them . She bribed her little brother with some candy . He broke several dishes while washing them . Their parents blamed PERSON and she was very ashamed .	I knew we were running low on dishes . My children had broken so many in such a short period . My mother asked what I wanted for Christmas . I told her I wanted new dishes . She gave me a box filled with bright red porcelain plates that year .	I despise washing the dishes . One night we had a dinner party . We used every dish we owned . Dirty dishes filled the sink and covered the counter . I ordered a dishwasher online the next day .	PERSON finished eating her eggs . She took her plate , fork , and coffee cup to the sink . PERSON washed her dishes in the sink . She used a towel to dry them . Then , she put her dishes away .	PERSON had the day off from work . His wife asked him to do the dishes while he was home . PERSON forgot . There were no clean plates for dinner . PERSON had to eat off a napkin .	Carol never liked to wash the dishes . Her apartment was too small for a dishwasher . So when she moved she wanted a dishwasher . She picked out the one with the best reviews . So when she moved that was her first purchase .	Ivy hated washing dishes , but it was her turn to do them . She offered her roommate $ 5 to wash them . Ivy 's roommate considered , then accepted . Ivy paid the roommate $ 5 . Then she sat back happily and watched her friend wash the dishes !
family vacation	The PERSON were looking forward to getting away . When they arrived at the beach they ran to the water . The beaches were just as beautiful as they anticipated . They swam in the ocean all day laughing . Finally as the sun went down they packed up and headed home .	LOCATION is a fun place to visit if you 're in LOCATION LOCATION . It has many different types of things to do while on vacation . Today my family plans to visit LOCATION LOCATION . My sister and I had an argument on the way to the island . She said PERSON would choose to play golf but I did n't think so .	PERSON was taking a vacation . Her family was planning a vacation at the same time . PERSON and her family decided to plan their vacation together . They rented a big house on the beach . It was cheaper than taking separate vacations .	The PERSON family wanted to take a vacation : They had to decide where to go . Each of them wanted to go to a different place . Mom and dad decided that they would just go camping . The family had a great time .	Each year the PERSON family went on vacation . They have traveled many different places . This year they wanted a simple trip . The family decided to rent an rv . They went camping and had a great time .	The smiths decided to go on vacation to the LOCATION LOCATION . They had never been there before . They traveled there by car . When they got there they took a lot of pictures . The family had a lot of fun .	The PERSON family had planned a vacation to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION for winter . Upon arriving they found it to be much colder than expected . They hit up local stores and stocked up on warm clothing . After suiting up they braved the cold city once more . Bundled up and warm , they enjoyed their entire LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION vacation .	Our family decided it was time to take a relaxing family vacation . We rented a cabin in the woods in LOCATION LOCATION for a week . We spent much of our time there swimming and fishing . We all cooked our suppers together and had relaxing evenings . Our family enjoyed the beauty of nature and our time together .	The Smiths decided to go to LOCATION for vacation . They packed up the car and started out on the road . It took them two days to get there . When they arrived , they went to the hotel and unpacked . They had a great vacation and made great memories .
PERSON 's bad day	PERSON had a sub-par performance review at work . It put a damper on her morning . She spilled coffee on her white shirt . Her work computer crashed . PERSON was ready for this day to be over .	Last week PERSON had a terrible day . She was late to work . Her boss yelled at her . She wanted to go home . When she got home her husband surprised her with flowers .	PERSON did n't like how long her hair was , so she decided to get it cut . She read some reviews on her phone before picking a salon . The salon she chose was on the other side of town . On the way , PERSON had a flat tire . She had to stop and take care of it so she never made her appointment .	PERSON was driving down the road . She heard a noise coming from her truck . She got out to look at it . It was smoking everywhere . She was stranded for hours before help came .	PERSON was always a husky boy . One day he befriended PERSON , a skinny boy . PERSON got picked on a lot at school . One day PERSON got fed up with it and beat up a kid bullying PERSON . The next day the police came and took PERSON away .	PERSON is at school . PERSON is eating lunch . After finishing she takes her tray to the trash . While walking to take the tray she trips and falls . Embarrassed PERSON leaves school and goes home .	PERSON wanted to play video games instead of going to work . His wife hates when he does that , so he lied to her . When she came home and found he had n't gone to work , she left . PERSON 's wife stayed at her mother 's house that night . The next day , his wife asked him for a divorce .	PERSON had always told her two eldest kids to be quiet in the morning . She had wanted to let the baby sleep . Unfortunately , her eleven year old decided to be loud . PERSON was stuck with a cranky baby all day because of this mistake . PERSON forced to threaten her kids with a grounding if it happened again .	PERSON had a hard time getting out of bed . He put on his shirt backwards . He then proceeded to leave the house with two pairs of different shoes . He arrived to work late . His coworkers laughed at his misfortunes .
camping trip	PERSON went to the town fair with his friends yesterday . The boys ate some cotton candy at the stand . The highlight of the day was the hayride for the boys . When the day was over , the boys went on about a dozen rides . PERSON was very happy at the end of the day .	PERSON and PERSON went camping in the woods . PERSON was very safety-conscious , but PERSON was not . PERSON left all his food on a picnic table overnight . While they were sleeping , a bear raided their campsite . PERSON decided he would not go camping with PERSON again .	PERSON and her family decided to go on a camping trip . They decided to travel for an hour . When they got there , PERSON was bored . She was annoyed about having to be with her family . She wanted to go home .	PERSON had never been on a camping trip . He was very nervous about leaving home and camping with strangers . His parents assured him everything would be fine . On the first day camping he mistook a baby owl for bat . He later laughed about with his parents and friends .	PERSON wanted to go on a camping trip . So she got her friends together to go . But when they got there she got scared . They saw a wolf . PERSON then wanted to go home .	I went on a camping trip last Summer . I stayed at the campgrounds for two days . The weather was nice and warm . I spent time with friends and family . I am looking forward to my next camping trip .	PERSON and her dad always went camping every summer . They loved being outdoors in the wilderness seeing the animals . PERSON became gravely ill before their recent trip . She died before they could take one last trip together . Now , every summer PERSON 's dad remembers the fun he had with her .	Every year my family and I go on a camping trip in the woods . We drive up north into the mountains . This past summer we went camping in LOCATION LOCATION . We had a great time . I ca n't wait to go back .	My friends and I went on a camping trip . I was really excited to try out my new tent . We had a hard time setting it up because it did n't come with stakes . It was really windy and we were afraid the tent would blow away . We put all of our gear in the tent to weigh it down .
tattoo	PERSON just turned 18 . He told her parents he was going to get a tattoo . They warned him not to . Always the prankster , PERSON got a temporary tattoo . His mother almost fainted , thinking it was real .	PERSON got his first tattoo . He did not expect it to itch so badly ! He scratched it in his sleep . He peeled some of the ink off . Luckily , the artist fixed it for him for free .	PERSON just turned 18 . She was determined to do something rebellious . She wanted a tattoo . She went to a tattoo artist and picked out a designed . When she was done , she had no regrets .	The man got a tattoo . It was his girlfriend 's name . The girlfriend broke up with him . He went back to the tattoo artist . The artist changed the tattoo into an eagle .	PERSON wanted a tattoo . Her parents said not to and that she would regret it . But PERSON was careful . She got a tattoo that meant something personal to her . Year 's later , she still loved her tattoo .	PERSON decided that she really wanted a new tattoo . She asked her friends what they thought would be good ideas . They gave her some joke ideas but none of them appealed to her . She decided on a tribal tattoo and went to go get it . When she showed her friends the new tattoo they all loved it !	It was my grandmother 's funeral . I asked my cousin if she had gotten another tattoo . She backed into a corner . She lifted up her shirt . There was Chinese writing on her belly .	PERSON met a guy at a club . They sat in the club and talked for an hour . As they talked he showed her his two tattoos . PERSON usually did n't like tattoos . But she liked them on him .	My niece had a wild life in her teens . She drank heavily and partied . One day she got a tattoo on her right breast . Now she is a 43 year old mother with a good job . She regrets getting her tattoo .
basketball	PERSON was playing basketball in her yard . Then her ball bounced against the top of her fence . It was punctured by one of the jagged tips ! PERSON was so disappointed by her clumsiness . She had to go buy a new basketball .	PERSON needed to go to basketball practice . His mom could not take him . So PERSON called his cousin to see if he could take him . His cousin said yes . PERSON 's cousin picked him up and took him to practice .	PERSON thought he played a good game of basketball . He decided to challenge his friend PERSON . PERSON agreed to play PERSON . PERSON practiced for a few days before the game . PERSON ended up beating PERSON by fifteen points .	PERSON played a lot of basketball in his childhood . PERSON would eventually play in college basketball . Many scouts looked at PERSON to see if he was good for the NBA . PERSON broke his leg . PERSON had to stop playing basketball .	PERSON wanted to join the basketball team . He was rather short and small for his size . To improve his chance of joining the team he began to bulk up . PERSON spent time lifting weights and eating healthy . Jamies hard work paid off he was able to join the team .	When I was a kid , I played on a basketball team . The team allowed anyone to play , there was no trying out . Because of this , I was one of the best players on my team . However , once I got to high school I did n't make the high school team . This was because I was up against much better players this time .	PERSON thought he was a great basketball player . His best friend challenged him to a game . PERSON played a great game . His best friend played better . PERSON lost the game .	PERSON was a star basketball player . It was the last quarter of the game . PERSON was open and his teammate passed the ball to him . PERSON ran up to the hoop . He scored and helped the team win .	PERSON decided to challenge his friend to game of basketball . PERSON and his friend gambled on the game . PERSON gave his friend a ten point lead . PERSON won the game . PERSON 's friend was mad .
cheating	PERSON had to write a paper for her English class . PERSON hated writing papers . She paid her friend to write the paper . PERSON turned in the paper she wrote . PERSON and her friend were both reprimanded for cheating .	PERSON was cheating on his wife . At first she had no clue . But then she found a note from PERSON 's mistress ! She confronted PERSON and PERSON confessed to the affair . Angry , PERSON 's wife filed for divorce the next day .	PERSON had been dating his girlfriend for two years . One night she went out with friends . When she came home she told him that she had cheated on him . PERSON was crushed and feeling a bunch of different emotions . PERSON was so upset that he broke up with her .	PERSON never cheated in school . One day , he forgot to study for a test . He cheated to ensure he would pass . The teacher found out and called his parents . PERSON was punished and he learned to never cheat again .	PERSON was in high school . He never got in trouble . One day he was talking to a friend about homework . The teacher thought he was cheating . PERSON was given detention and had to write an essay .	PERSON always cheated in school and never got caught . One day , the teacher caught him copying his friend . The teacher called a conference with his parents . His parents decided to ground PERSON . PERSON learned that cheating is very bad .	I was at the mall last week . I noticed my friend 's wife . She was with another man . When I told my friend he accused her of cheating . It turned out to be her cousin .	PERSON always made good grades . One day he forgot to study for a quiz . His teacher passed out the quizzes . PERSON took a quick peek at a friends answers . His teacher caught him and he got detention .	PERSON 's boyfriend was overseas making money . She met another boy and invited him over to watch movies one night . PERSON 's boyfriend came home unexpectedly to propose to her . He caught them kissing on the couch , PERSON 's boyfriend punched the other boy in the nose .
necklace	PERSON was very much into fashion . She wanted to accessorize . She went shopping . She found a necklace she liked . She bought it .	PERSON was trying to film a cover video for Youtube . She could n't find her good luck necklace . She looked everywhere she could think of to find it . Just as PERSON was beginning to despair , she found it . She 'd hung it on her microphone stand so she would n't lose it .	I joked with my friend that I was a princess . She called me the wicked witch of the west . A few weeks later I got a package . Inside was a jewelry container . It held a little princess crown on a chain .	The woman tried on a necklace . She liked the way it looked . She asked her husband if she should buy it . He told her not to buy it . He bought it for her later as a surprise gift .	She had a craving . She wanted something sweet . She ordered a bunch of candy . One item was a candy necklace . She wore it like a kid .	PERSON got something nice for his girlfriend . She asked him for a necklace . He got her a necklace . He gave it to her . She cried in happiness .	PERSON loves to make necklaces with beads . She visits craft stores to find more beads . PERSON finds a collection of perfect beads . She makes a new necklace with her new beads . PERSON decides the necklace will make a perfect birthday gift .	PERSON broke up with LOCATION . He wanted to stay friends . It was Christmas . He gave her a necklace . They ended it well .	PERSON found a lovely shell at the beach . She wanted to keep it forever . She took it home with her that day . Later , she set it on a string to wear as a necklace . PERSON loved to show off her shell necklace as often as she could .
found cat	Our cat died shortly afterward . It was back in our garage . It had lost weight . My neighbor found it . It was missing for weeks .	PERSON was walking in his neighborhood when he came across a stray cat . He took the cat home and gave it some water and kibble . The next day , he found a flyer for a missing cat in his mailbox . He called the number on the flyer . A few hours later , he reunited the cat with its owner .	PERSON found a cat while walking through his neighborhood . No one was around so he examined the cat for a collar . There was not collar so he picked up the cat and took it home . That night PERSON made posters saying that he found a cat . No one claimed the cat so PERSON kept it as a pet .	PERSON heard some noises coming from outside . He went to look and found a stray cat . It was small and playful . PERSON felt bad and decided to feed it . After a while it became his pet .	PERSON found a cat in his neighborhood . It had a collar on it . PERSON called the number on the collar . The people who answered were very gracious . They gave him a prize for his trouble .	PERSON found a stray cat roaming her neighborhood . She checked for tags , but it had none . She decided to adopt it . PERSON took it home , bathed it and fed it . Soon the cat became her loving companion !	PERSON found a cat on his way home one day . The cat had a collar on it with a phone number . It looked hungry and tired so PERSON took it home . He called the owners later in the day . They thanked him and picked up the cat promptly .	PERSON left his window open . His cat got out of the house . PERSON looked for his cat . He put posters up to find his cat . Someone called him with his cat .	PERSON saw a cat while walking home . It followed her all the way . PERSON felt bad and fed it . The cat kept returning . Eventually PERSON kept it as a pet .
monopoly	PERSON and greg were playing monopoly . They got really heated in the game . In the end , PERSON won . PERSON got very bitter about it . They stopped being friends .	My grandmother and I played monopoly . She was beating me by a large margin . However , I managed to draw a lot of lucky chance cards . I ended up beating my grandmother at the end of the game . Now my grandmother does not like to play monopoly with me .	PERSON wanted to play Monopoly . Her three brothers agreed to play with her . She bought all of the properties that she landed on . PERSON put hotels on all of the properties she could . Her three brothers quickly went bankrupt and she won the game .	It was a rainy and gloomy day . The family decided to play a board game . They decided on Monopoly . The game went on and on . It finally ended when one player got Park Place and Boardwalk .	PERSON loved playing monopoly . PERSON would often play monopoly with her cousins . PERSON was so good his cousin told her she should play in a tournament . PERSON signed up for it . PERSON won the tournament .	I played Monopoly with my kids last night . I am very competitive , so I did n't go easy on them . It did n't take long for me to beat them all . I bought up all the properties I could and put hotels on them . In the end , I bankrupted everyone .	PERSON was very good at Monopoly . One day , her 8th grade class played Monopoly . She very confidently played the game . Soon she had all the properties on the board . Her class did not enjoy losing so badly .	PERSON played a board game with his friends most Friday nights . This week they were playing Monopoly , which he was terrible at . Tonight his luck was good and he managed to buy the best properties . Finally only he and one other person was left in the game . His friend landed on PERSON 's most expensive property , ending the game .	I hate when businesses are trying to become a monopoly . This makes me want to boycott the company completely . Recently , a tech company bought a lot of smaller companies out . This made me very furious . I now avoid the tech company .
kindergarten	PERSON liked to read stories . She liked it so much , that she wanted to be a kindergarten teacher . She enrolled on a course to learn how . After years of gruelling studies , she had her exams . PERSON passed with flying colours and soon became a teacher .	It was PERSON 's first day of kindergarten . He was very nervous that he would n't know anyone in his class . When he got there he was assigned a seat . It was right next to his friend PERSON . He felt lucky to have a seat next to someone he knew .	PERSON was so excited for her first day of school . She arrived at school with a huge grin on her face . She waved bye to her mom and started playing with her daycare friends . She had nap time and snack time and recess . It was the best day ever !	I am a kindergarten teacher . It is amazing how all the kids are so willing to learn to read . I am able to make learning hands on and fun . The students come into kindergarten with little reading skills . At the end of the year they can all read !	It was PERSON 's first day of kindergarten . Her mom went to drop her off at the school . However , PERSON did not want her to leave . She held on to her mom and cried . Eventually , the teacher was able to coax PERSON away from her mom .	In kindergarten , during nap times , some kids got to make Playdough . The teacher never chose me because I never took a nap . One day I decided to really look like I was sleeping . When the teacher walked by I 'd breath really hard and deep . Then one fine day I felt the tap on my shoulder and made playdough !	PERSON was going to start kindergarten . She was very excited but also very nervous . PERSON was used to spending all her time around family only . Her first day school went well . PERSON loved school and became a very popular student .	It was PERSON 's first day of Kindergarten . He was very nervous . He clung to his mother 's leg , but she finally left and he had to stay . After a little while , he started to take part in the class . By the end of the day , he was glad he had gone !	PERSON is in kindergarten . She does not like her teacher . Her teacher reprimanded her in front of the class . PERSON was embarrassed . PERSON was happy once the last day of school was over .
laundry day	PERSON needed to do laundry because all his clothes were dirty . He went to the laundromat and no one was there . PERSON decided to get naked and wash the clothes he was wearing . He ran out of money by the time he needed to use the driers . PERSON strutted to his car for more quarters and a man whistled at him .	PERSON needed to do some laundry . On laundry day he did n't have enough quarters . He tried to look around for spare change . He was n't able to find any . PERSON had to wait until payday to do it .	I needed to do laundry last week . But I was all out of quarters . I could have gone to the bank . But instead I just put everything in the closet . Now even my new clothes smell bad .	PERSON had some stinky clothes . He decided to wash them . He gathered his quarters . He went to the laundromat . He washed his clothes .	PERSON had a lot of laundry to do . He did n't want to spend any money . He asked his parents if he could do it at their place . They were glad to have him over . PERSON did all his laundry for free .	PERSON collected all his shirts and pants for laundry . He put them in the washer and waited for them to be done . When they were clean , he put them in the dryer on high . The dryer shrunk most of his clothes to make them too small . PERSON could n't wear them anymore so he gave them away .	PERSON has to go to the laundromat with her dad to do laundry . She brings along her favorite stuffed animal to play with . She helps her dad load the washing machine . Her stuffed animal goes missing ! PERSON cries when they ca n't find her stuffed animal !	PERSON hated doing laundry . His clean clothes pile was getting very low . Finally , he was down to his last clean shirt . He decided it was finally time to wash his clothes . There were so many it took him all day !	PERSON hated to do his own laundry . He could never figure it out . He hired a maid to do it for him . The maid did an excellent job . He never had to do laundry again .
the lottery	Just the other month , the State Lottery reached over $ 500 million . PERSON was n't much of a gambler , but thought it was to good to pass up . She rushed to the convenience store and bought dozens of tickets . PERSON was so excited , she could barely sleep . Ultimately , she did n't win , but the hope it gave her was worth it .	PERSON wanted to win the school lottery . The prize was a new bike . She got all of her friends to enter . When the lottery was announced , she did not win . However , her friend won and shared the bike .	PERSON and his co workers bought tickets for the lottery . PERSON and his workers won the lottery and were all instant millionaires He and his fellow employees all quit their jobs . PERSON spent his money wisely and he never worked again . He was happy about buying the lottery ticket .	PERSON plays the lottery scratch off tickets every single day . He has won some money , but lost some too . One day he hit his biggest winnings yet . He scratched off a $ 250,000 winner . This has only convinced him to play more often .	One day PERSON bought a lottery ticket . He did n't expect to win but he did ! First he bought a new house . Then he bought a new car . He enjoyed his winnings and was smart with them .	PERSON had extra money and wanted to play the lottery . She paid $ 50 for some lottery tickets to win the big jackpot . PERSON was confident that today was her lucky day . When the winning numbers were announced , none of them were hers . PERSON decided she would never gamble that much money again .	PERSON was down to her last dollar . Getting laid off had been very hard . The bills were piling up and PERSON was afraid . She decided to take a risk and spend the last of her money . Two days later , PERSON held the winning ticket to a million dollars .	A man organized a lottery pool at his work . He received $ 500 to buy tickets . The man just took the money and did n't but any . The day of the drawing he told everyone that they lost . He told them next time they would win .	PERSON played the lottery every week . He spent $ 50 per week on tickets . His wife told him it was getting out of hand and to stop . That night he played one last time . PERSON won one million dollars !
first job	PERSON looked everywhere to find his first job . He applied to many different places , but no one was hiring . He was discouraged , but applied to a Subway near his house . A week later , he had an interview with the general manager . The next day , the manager called to offer him the job !	PERSON really wanted to buy a new car . She applied to work at different restaurants around town . One day a local restaurant hired her to be their new waitress ! PERSON worked very hard as a waitress and earned a lot of tips . A few months later she was able to use her tip money to buy a new car !	PERSON started his very first job today ! He is a cashier at a local bakery . He meets a lot of people through work . It makes him happy to meet more people around his town . He 's planning on keeping this job for awhile .	PERSON was excited , but a little apprehensive . Today he was starting his first job . He had applied earlier that week and they had hired him . He arrived at work , ready to go . PERSON had a great first day of work and did really well .	As i graduated from college , i decided to find a job . As a starter , i find a simple job . Then i applied for sales associate . I was hired because of my ability to interact with people . I loved doing that job that 's why it took years before leaving it .	PERSON graduated from college last fall . PERSON felt uneasy about the job market and his prospects . PERSON went to his first job interview shortly after graduation . PERSON put his best foot forward and dazzled the hiring manager . PERSON got the job !	Jelly needed some extra spending money . So she decided to go and get a job . The mall was hiring so she head right over . When they saw her they were excited to meet her . They hired her on the spot .	Candy got a job at a local fast food joint . However , the job made her feel very stressed out and sad . She put in applications for a new , different job . She was called in for an interview at an animal shelter . PERSON got the job and felt happier working with animals .	PERSON was hired to work at PERSON 's . She was excited since it was her first job . As she waited for the trainer another new employee entered . She was happy not to be the only one in training . PERSON felt this job was the beginning of her adult life .
PERSON 's phone	PERSON needed a new phone . He looked online for reviews of different phones . PERSON liked the features of the iphone . He bought the iphone when a promotion came up . PERSON received his phone and was very pleased .	PERSON did n't want to get a new phone . She looked at all the models at the store and hated how big they were . She held them up to her old phone with distaste . She even got into an argument with the salesman about it . I 'm surprised she left with one .	PERSON had a cell phone that she loved very much . One day PERSON dropped her cell phone onto the ground . She tried to fix it all afternoon with no success . PERSON then drove to the store and bought a new cell phone . She decided that she loved this cell phone more than the last .	PERSON really wanted to buy a new iPhone . So , PERSON decided to go to the Apple store . At the Apple store , there were a lot of phones to buy . PERSON picked out the best model and purchased it . PERSON liked her new phone , but it was very expensive .	PERSON went to the store and bought a phone . He was very excited and began to run home . He ran too fast and dropped his phone . His phone screen had cracked . He picked the phone up and walked home sadly .	PERSON dropped his phone . The phone broke into 5 pieces . PERSON decides he needs a new phone . He goes to the cell phone store . PERSON buys a new phone .	PERSON recently had an interesting day . She took the subway to work like she does everyday . But as she left the subway she realized she had lost her phone ! She ran down the subway entrance trying to look for her phone . Some stranger had picked it up and handed it back to her !	PERSON lost her cell phone . She looked everywhere for it , but could n't find it . Eventually she gave up and bought a new phone . PERSON like her new phone better than her old phone . PERSON was happy that she lost her phone .	PERSON left his phone on his desk at school . He repeatedly checked his phone for messages from friends . The school had a strict no phone policy that was well enforced . PERSON 's teacher noticed his phone and decided to take it from him . He had to go the rest of the day without his phone .
cookout	LJ and PERSON cooked out every Sunday . This week , they each planned to bring different items . LJ brought sweet potato fries and brussel sprouts . PERSON brought salmon and watermelon . They cooked it on the grill , and ate dinner outside on the patio .	We visited friends in LOCATION in 1999 . Our friends ' parents threw a cookout . The father was a bit odd . He tried to use old plastic to start the fire . His daughter convinced him to use charcoal instead .	PERSON 's least favorite food was baked beans . Her mother knew that she did not like beans and never cooked them . One day , PERSON went to a cookout with one of her friends . The host had baked beans on the menu . Despite her dislike of beans , she ate some to be polite and liked them	Em wanted to have a cookout for her friends . She thought it would be complicated , but then she sat down . She made a list of what she 'd need to do and buy . It turned out to be much simpler than she 'd thought ! PERSON made plans for her cookout right away !	It was time for the family beach cookout . The PERSON family has been looking forward to this . They bought a huge assortment of seafood to grill . After everything was done , the family sat down at the table . They enjoyed their food together .	We attended a family cookout on July 4th this year . My sister in law PERSON 's sister PERSON , came over . PERSON lives in LOCATION , ninety miles from LOCATION . We ate ribs and hamburgers outside , and talked for hours . We had a good time , and left late .	Last year , our building sponsored a cookout . They had a caterer prepare grilled foods . We had ribs , hot dogs , chicken , and hamburgers . They even had an ice cream truck . We did not eat dinner that day .	PERSON decided to have a cook out over the weekend . She invited some of her friends and family to join her . PERSON took a trip to the store to buy her ingredients . She decided on making kabobs and corn on the cob . The evening was a success and they all loved her cooking !	We had a cookout this summer . We invited some neighbors to join us . We cooked hotdogs and hamburgers . A storm came up and we all had to go inside . We enjoyed our cookout anyway !
shopping	PERSON knew she was going to have a very busy week at work . She decided she should take her lunch to save time during the day . To prepare , she went to the store to get lunch items for the week . She had fun picking items that she would enjoy . At the end of the trip , she was happy with how she prepared .	I went to the store with twenty dollars . I put a lot of items in my cart . When I got to the register , I realized I could n't afford everything . I had to put a few items back . I was sad to leave the store without all my items .	PERSON ran out of food . She decided it was time to go grocery shopping . She wrote out a list and headed to the store . She bought all kinds of meats , veggies and sides . PERSON was so happy to have a house full of food again !	I went shopping at an outlet mall yesterday . I had hoped to find a lot of great deals . I was a bit disappointed that there were n't more sales than I found . I went home with pretty much nothing . I guess I wo n't get my hopes so high the next time .	PERSON had to go grocery shopping . SHe went to SHoprite . She bought some eggs , veggies , and chicken . Her bill ended up to be close to $ 50 . She was satisfied .	I was hungry this morning . There was no food in my house . I created a menu and a grocery shopping list . I gathered my canvas shopping bags . I walked to the health food store .	PERSON and her mom were going shopping . They both really loved to shop . They arrived at the mall . They went into at least 20 different stores that day . They had a wonderful time shopping .	PERSON went shopping for jeans . He visited several department stores . He tried on many different jeans . He could not find a pair that fit him well . PERSON became upset .	PERSON went shopping . He bought milk , bread and some snacks for the evening . When he got to the cashier he found he has not enough money . He payed by his credit card . Everything was played in the end .
grandma	My grandma had a special talent . When she got mad at me one day , she threw her shoe at me . It hit me right on top of the head . It bounced and went all the way back to her . She reached out her hands and caught .	PERSON 's grandmother was getting very old . One day she slipped on the front porch and broke her hip . PERSON visited her in the hospital and promised to take care of her . When her grandmother went home , PERSON visited her every day . PERSON and her grandmother cherished the time they had together .	PERSON was staying at her daughter house for a week . He daughter was out of town and her grandson was home sick . Her grandson had thrown up on the couch . His dad had attempted to clean the mess . Sue decided to re-clean since the house still smelled of vomit .	Grandma loves it when 9 year old PERSON comes to visit . She and PERSON often make crafts together . Grandma saves bits of cardboard and other scraps for this purpose . One visit they built a big cardboard robot covered in aluminum foil . Months later , PERSON still talks about that robot .	They decided to help grandma move . They drove all the way to LOCATION . They spent days loading the trailers . They helped by picking up food . They drove all the way to LOCATION then home to LOCATION .	PERSON loved visiting her Grandma . She would go to see her every weekend and they would do puzzles . PERSON could spend hours doing puzzles with her Grandma . Her Grandma looked forward to the visits from PERSON . PERSON and her Grandma had the best days together .	When May 's grandson was born , she tried to pass on all her knowledge . She gave her daughter PERSON instructions on how to do everything . Eventually PERSON told her mother firmly to stop trying to take over . May was a little hurt when PERSON told her to stop butting in . But she knew she had to let her daughter learn to parent on her own .	PERSON had learned to be courteous from his grandma . So when he took women on dates , he was always the best . Women always asked him how he turned out like he did . And he loved talking about his grandma saying how she taught him . The problem was he never stopped and the women left .	PERSON was going to become a new grandmother . Her new grandbaby was due in one week . PERSON scheduled time off from her job and bought a plane ticket . She made it in time to see her grandbaby born . PERSON was so happy she made the trip .
camera	A man robbed PERSON 's house . PERSON decided to put cameras in his house . Later , the man tried to rob PERSON 's house again . PERSON caught the man on camera . The man was arrested by the police !	PERSON wanted to get a new camera . He did n't have nearly enough money for it . He begged his parents constantly for the camera . Then one day they finally gave in and bought him it . He was so happy that he accidentally ended up breaking it .	PERSON was having a fun time with his friends . He wished the moment would last forever . However he knew that it would n't . He had an idea . He bought a camera to capture all of the memories .	I went on vacation to LOCATION . I decided to install a security camera to monitor the house . While I was in rome , I got a phone notification . The camera had detected a person in my house . I called the police station and they arrested the man in my house !	My wife has an iPhone 6s . She wanted me to take a photo of her . I am disabled and can use only one hand . I could not hold the big phone and take a photo . I used my 5c instead .	My daughter went to Boston College from 2003 to 2007 . The dorm room doors are often open . She went out for class one day . When she returned she found her camera was missing . She reported this to campus police but never recovered her camera .	PERSON wanted to be a better camera man . He walked around his neighborhood filming interesting things . He uploaded all the footage to his computer . PERSON spent several nights editing footage . Now he feels confident he is a better camera man !	PERSON was on vacation in LOCATION . During his trip , he dropped his camera . He was convinced that it was lost forever . Weeks later he received an odd package in the mail . Inside was his camera and a letter from the person who returned it .	PERSON was on vacation . She decided to take pictures to remember it . She went to the store . Then she bought a disposable camera . She snapped lots of photos during her trip !
the dance	PERSON walked up to PERSON . He was nervous . He asked her to dance . She said yes and they went to the dancefloor . They had a great time that night dancing .	PERSON took ballet . She was a pointe dancer . She was offered a lead in the Nutcracker . She was nervous about her performance . She performed flawlessly .	PERSON was happy . He had finally worked up the nerve to ask PERSON out . Now it was the big night . He picked her up and they went to the dance . It was a magical night for PERSON and PERSON .	PERSON and PERSON both had a crush on PERSON . At the school dance , they argued over who would dance with her . It go so heated , they went outside and fought . They both had bruises when they came back inside . They stood and watched as PERSON danced with PERSON .	PERSON had a crush on a boy . She was very nervous around him . She asked him to the dance . He said yes . She was very excited .	PERSON likes this boy PERSON at school a lot . She is hoping PERSON will ask her to the dance . So far he has not asked her and the dance is only a week away . PERSON has always been told that the guy should ask the girl . PERSON does n't care about tradition , she asked PERSON and he said yes !	PERSON learned a difficult dance for her competition . She practiced day at night . When it was time to compete , she nailed it ! Every move was flawless . She was so proud when she got first place !	I wanted to go to the dance with PERSON . He was too shy to ask me . At lunch the next day I asked him to the dance . He said yes . We had a great time together at the dance .	PERSON 's school had a ladies choice dance last week . She had asked her dad to go with her . She had not seen him in a few months . It was very awkward for her to ask him . She was so happy when he said yes .
accident	PERSON was driving home from work one day . Suddenly another car hit her ! Her back bumper was smashed . PERSON called the insurance company , who said they 'd fix it . PERSON was relieved to hear that .	PERSON had a baby . She invited all her friends to see her new daughter . Everybody wanted to hold a baby . PERSON accidentally dropped a baby on the floor . Fortunately , nothing really happened .	PERSON loved to ride his motorcycle . He also liked speed . He rode his motorcycle fast on a rainy day . He dropped his bike and suffered a nasty scratch on his leg . PERSON vowed to slow down from now on .	PERSON loved to go hiking at his parents camp . One day while hiking , he spotted a family of deer . He tried to move closer to take a picture . He was distracted by the deer and did not watch where he was walking . Unfortunately , he stepped in a gopher hole and twisted his ankle .	PERSON was given a car for his 16th birthday present . He took his friends out to drive around right away . But the laughing and loud music distracted him . PERSON was in a minor accident requiring repairs ! His parents made him pay for the repairs himself .	A small boy was in a department . He walked to the toy aisle . He played with a small action figure he saw . The boy held the toy while his mom payed for clothes at the register . His mother found the toy in the car but did not return it .	PERSON got in a bad car accident . He had to spend months in a hospital . Since then , he has been praying constantly . He healed completely . He is also now an extremely religious man .	PERSON was hit from behind at a red light . A young man emerged and apologized profusely . PERSON looked and saw that there was no damage to her car . She forgave him and told him to drive more carefully ! The young man thanked her profusely .	PERSON was a smoker . One night he was smoking before bed . He was very tired . PERSON accidentally fell asleep with the cigarette still in his hand . His house caught on fire !
halloween	PERSON wanted to be a dog for Halloween . PERSON searched everywhere for a dog costume PERSON could n't find a dog costume . PERSON went to the craft store . PERSON made a dog costume .	Halloween was always PERSON 's favorite holiday . She could dress up any way she wanted . This year she wanted to be a cat but her parents said no . So instead she made a fairy dress . That night she won an award for it !	PERSON had a house that would make a good haunted house . So PERSON decided he would make his house a haunted house . He got his family together to help him . They fixed the whole house and made it very scary . Everyone in the block talked about how good his haunted house was .	It was almost Halloween and they did n't know what they 'd be . They went to the store to look at costumes . They looked online to get ideas for couples . They eventually decided on something they thought would work . They decided they would be PERSON PERSON and PERSON .	My parents came from LOCATION . My dad did not know about Halloween . One day some kids knocked on his door for candy . He yelled at them and chased them away . He bought candy Year 's later when he learned about Halloween .	PERSON went out with his friends on Halloween . They decided to look for ghosts . It was dark and spooky , and PERSON was n't sure he wanted to go . They did not find a single ghost ! Still , he was glad to have spent time with his friends .	Around Halloween , little PERSON gets anxious . PERSON is afraid of ghosts . So this Halloween , PERSON 's mom dressed both of them as ghosts . PERSON and her mom stood in the mirror together . PERSON saw that they were not that scary .	Today is Halloween . PERSON is so excited to go trick or treating tonight . He is going to dress up like a monster . The costume is real scary . He hopes to get a lot of candy .	PERSON was looking forward to Halloween . PERSON had his costume prepared . PERSON went Trick Or Treating that night . PERSON received a large amount of candy . PERSON was happy because he had so much candy .
the dinner	PERSON was hungry . He got home and made himself dinner . It was just a sandwich and some chips . PERSON wished he had someone to cook him dinner each night . He polished off his sandwich and stared at the fridge .	We all went out to dinner together . PERSON ordered the pasta . I got the steak . PERSON got the vegetarian option . All of us were very satisfied with our meals .	PERSON was having dinner with friends . When it came time to pay her card was declined . She asked them to try it again but it would n't go through . It was a bit embarrassing . A friend offered to pay and everything turned out okay .	Red was making dinner for his family . He did not know what to cook ! He tried making pizza . The pizza burned in the oven ! He ordered Chinese and everyone was happy !	The friends were meeting at their favorite restaurant . They were having dinner to celebrate their promotions at work . The friends all dined and drank wine . They talked about the exciting things going on in their lives . When the dinner was over , they all went home .	PERSON asked his wife to prepare a dinner for his business associates . She was n't a very good cook , so she called a restaurant . They brought her a catered meal . All the guests raved about the food . She just smiled and pretended she 'd made it all .	PERSON wanted to impress his dinner date , PERSON . He decided to cook her a meal from the heart . PERSON went out and bought all of the ingredients . He was in the kitchen cooking for hours . PERSON was touched by his efforts and she enjoyed the meal .	PERSON invited some friends over . She was going to make them dinner . She cooked all afternoon . When the food was ready , they all sat down to eat . It was all delicious !	PERSON wanted to make dinner for his wife . He got all the ingredients ready . He prepared everything and cooked things perfectly . Then he waited over an hour for his wife to get home . It was n't until midnight that the police told him of the accident .
work	This morning I woke up to go to work . I got ready and left on my way . When I got there I thought I was going to have a good day . A lot of bad stuff happened . It turned out to be a really bad day .	The man went to work . He was fifteen minutes early . He went to the cafeteria . He got some breakfast . He ate breakfast quickly before work .	PERSON hated his job . He was very unhappy there . He started looking for a new job . It took a long time . Finally he got a great new job !	I went in early like any other day . My Boss came into my office . He said they would be letting our department go . Within the week we lost our job . They did n't even give us an explanation .	PERSON was late for work . He had just entered the building . He saw his colleagues walking slowly up the stairwell . PERSON pushed through his colleagues aggressively . His colleagues were shocked and appalled .	My company had a `` forty hour per week '' work policy . I was working fifty hours per week . I made a lot of good overtime ! My company did n't like that very much . Now I have Mondays off .	PERSON had a big work project to do . He began listening to instrumental music at work . He noticed this helped his productivity . He noticed this made his work experience more enjoyable . PERSON became a much happier person in and outside of work .	PERSON broke PERSON 's smartphone . PERSON was very ashamed , so he promised to pay her back . PERSON told him that it cost 300 dollars . PERSON could n't afford this , so he offered to work it off . PERSON had him shovel manure for two weeks .	PERSON worked in a warehouse . PERSON outperformed every one of his coworkers . His coworkers did not like that he made them look bad . His coworkers told lies to their boss about PERSON . PERSON was fired the next day .
flood	The flood hit very suddenly . Just as the storm arrived , torrential rainfall began . We all huddled inside our houses , hoping for safety . The water rose and began to seep in under our doors . The carpets and furniture were destroyed .	Bukit Tinggi is a small village in LOCATION . Many tourists would come here to enjoy the jungle . They would stay at hotels along the river . After a day of heavy rain , the river level rose quickly . Many of the hotels and tourists were swept away by the flash flood .	PERSON knew the weather was supposed to get bad . She was not prepared for a lot of rainy . As she was driving home , she got caught in a flood . PERSON tried to drive through . PERSON 's car got stuck on the bridge .	It rained for days . The river started to rise . As the river rose , the levies began to break . People who lived along the river , started to see flooding . The flood damage was never predicted .	PERSON and her family lived in a small town . One day , it rained heavily near her neighborhood . The rains caused floods all across the town . Because of the floods , PERSON had to stay indoors all day . She was happy that she had an excuse to miss school that day .	It was raining really hard . The street started to fill with water . The water reached the car bumper . PERSON ran out to move the car . It was too late , the car would n't start .	All afternoon , angry dark clouds had threatened to burst open . Groups of children impatiently waited with paddles and rafts at hand . A clap of thunder signaled the beginning of the deluge . Mountains of rain quickly filled up previously empty ponds . Children rushed to launch their rafts upon the temporary lakes .	It had been raining for days and the river was flooding . A barge had gotten loose and crushed some boat docks . PERSON and his family hoped that their boat was undamaged . They drove to the marina and had to detour because of the flooding . Their marina was much further inland but the boats were all undamaged .	It rains hard where I live . One day the street was completely submerged in water . I called a taxi to get to work . It took me to my motorcycle . My motorcycle would n't even work .
volleyball	I went to play volleyball last weekend . It was a lot of fun , but it was also hot outside . I forgot to bring sunscreen with me . We were out for way too long and I got sunburned . Even though my sunburn hurts , I had a lot of fun .	I used to be really bad at volleyball . I would always go play with my friends , but they were all very good . After a few weeks of playing with them , I started to get better . Now I make a lot of good plays on the court . All my friends are happy that I have gotten so much better .	Volleyball season was back and PERSON was hopeful she would play . Last season , PERSON was pretty bad at volleyball . Her coach kept her on the sidelines . During the off season , she practiced her heart out . The coach saw her improvements and let her play .	In my boyhood I was bad at most sports . One day in gym class we played volleyball . For some reason everything in this sport worked for me . I could serve perfect aces , and I always hit the ball squarely . After class I learned this sport was only for girls in high school .	PERSON loves to play volleyball . He started a league this year at a sports bar . He got sponsors and six teams to participate . Everyone had a great time . PERSON hope to get even more people to join next summer .	I decided to join the volleyball game on the beach . The team asked me if I would serve . I served underhand and a few people laughed at me . I moved to forward and ended up spiking the ball very hard . The same people complimented me .	PERSON was feeling nostalgic . She wanted to play volleyball like she did growing up . She rang her friend who used to play on the same team . They met up at a park that had a net . PERSON and her friend had fun together playing like they used to .	PERSON and her friends were at the beach . They grew tired of swimming . Then PERSON suggested a game of volleyball . Her friends agreed that it sounded like fun . PERSON had a great time playing beach volleyball !	I went to play volleyball with my friends last night . We played on the courts at the recreational center . My friend PERSON is very good at spiking the ball . I would set him the ball and he would spike it . PERSON scored a lot of points last night , and I helped him !
the snake	PERSON was walking by the pond . She thought she was stepping over a big stick . The stick moved ! It was a giant snake . She ran away screaming .	I had just moved to home in LOCATION . I needed to do a lot of work on the overgrown yard . I started by pulling very tall weeds and removing dead branches . As I reached under a bush , something moved . A long , black snake slithered from the bush towards me and I ran .	PERSON had always been afraid of snakes . Fortunately she had never seen a live one , except at the zoo . One day she was walking when she noticed something on the sidewalk . It was a black snake slithering across the sidewalk ! She was afraid at first but realized it was n't going to bother her .	PERSON was afraid of snakes . When he got home from school , he saw a snake in the yard . He started shaking and crying . His father got home and got rid of the snake . It took a while for PERSON to calm down .	One day while cleaning PERSON found a snake in her house . She freaked out and ran out of the house . She then decided to grab some tools from her car . She went back inside to try and grab the snake with her tools . She was able to grab it and set it safely outside .	PERSON went to his garden . He saw a snake near his veggies . PERSON got scared and ran inside his house . PERSON called some people too pick up the snake . They picked up the snake .	PERSON saw a snake out in the wood pile . PERSON caught the snake and put it in a box . He brought the snake inside the house . The snake got out of the box . PERSON found the snake in the closet two days later .	PERSON was out on a hike . He heard some rattling . There was a snake nearby . PERSON thought it was interesting . He took pictures of it .	When I was ten years old I went into the woods . I found a snake . I was so excited by what I found . So , I decided to bring the snake inside to show my mom . My mom was not as thrilled as I was when I showed her .
the hike	One day I went hiking with my cousin . He had warned me to bring plenty of water . But I only brought one water bottle . After the first mile I was really thirsty . I realized I should have brought more water .	The kids were full of energy . Their grandpa decided to take them on a hike . They walked for hours , up the mountain . When they got to the top , they stopped to appreciate the view . The kids were too tired to hike back !	PERSON loved camping and hiking . Last summer he went on a week long hike . One morning he woke up with a snake in his sleeping bag . After carefully observing the snake he concluded it was non-venomous . PERSON carefully moved the snake and went about his day .	PERSON went on a hike in the woods . She heard a rustling in a bush . A squirrel ran out of the bush . PERSON watched the squirrel . The squirrel climbed into a tree .	Today I went on a hike . I saw a bobcat and some birds . I hiked to the top of the hill I watched the sunset . It was a beautiful end to the day .	PERSON enjoyed hiking a lot . He decided to go hiking on Saturday . After a couple of hours he got lost . He begun to scream for help . Rescuers came in a couple of hours to save him .	PERSON likes hiking . He wanted to get his friend PERSON into hiking . They planned a trip to go to a nearby hiking area . While they were hiking PERSON twisted his ankle . Luckily PERSON always brings ankle braces .	PERSON loved to go on hikes in the mountains . He was on a hike with a friend when they saw a bear . His friend was terrified but PERSON knew what to do . PERSON threw his hands in the air and started yelling very loudly . The bear cantered off and PERSON and his friend were safe .	PERSON loved to hike . His favorite hiking spot was in the LOCATION LOCATION . PERSON spotted a mountain lion while hiking the mountains . He was scared stiff and did n't move . The lion passed him by and PERSON ran back to his camp .
candy	Frank has the biggest sweet tooth . He was really craving some candy on Saturday . He decided to go to a candy store . Frank spent half an hour picking candy he wanted . Frank ended up getting four cavities .	I went to my favorite candy store I could n't decide what I wanted . I ended up eating lots of gummy bears and chocolate . My stomach started to hurt . I have to decided to only eat candy in small amounts from now on .	PERSON and her mother were grocery shopping . PERSON asked her mother if she could have candy . She was mad when she could n't have the candy . PERSON put the candy in the shopping cart . Her mother never realized she had purchased the candy .	PERSON loved eating candy . One day he bought a three pound bag . He ate it all . His tummy hurt very bad . He learned he should never eat just candy again .	PERSON went to the beach . She fell asleep while sun tanning . She got a terrible sunburn . Her skin was very painful for several days . She always wore sunscreen after that day .	PERSON and PERSON were twin sisters that loved candy . Their mother told them candy was not good for their teeth . They promised to brush their teeth really well . The dentist told them they did not have any cavities . Their mother was relieved and proud of the girls .	PERSON learned how to make candy . She learned it from youtube . She made a lot of candy . She started to sell the candy she made . Before she knows it , she had a candy store .	PERSON collected a lot of Halloween candy . A local dentist has program to buy candy from children . PERSON decided to sell the candy he did n't like to the dentist . PERSON sold all his PERSON PERSON , Red Hots and Atomic Fireballs . PERSON is now 4 dollars richer .	PERSON always loved candy . The doctor warned PERSON to not eat too much candy . PERSON did not listen to his doctor . PERSON felt very sick one day . PERSON 's doctor had to tell PERSON that he was a diabetic now .
kite flying	I went to the park to fly my kite . It was very windy at the park so i took out my kite . I ran with the kite behind me and it began to fly . The kite flew higher and higher until it was above the treetops . I was able to land the kite safely after flying it for an hour .	One day PERSON and her friends went kite flying . PERSON 's kite got tangled . She needed help fixing it . Everyone thought it was funny . They had a good time that day .	John liked to fly kites . He 'd go to places with the strongest winds . One day , he saw an entry for a kite flying contest . He entered and then went to the beach for this . His years of experience resulted in a first place win !	PERSON had never flown a kite before . It looked pretty easy , though . Until she tried to get it up in the air . She could n't quite figure it out until her brother demonstrated . It worked just fine until it got caught in a tree !	PERSON took his new kite out to the front yard . The wind was really blowing . He let out about ten feet of string . He threw the kite up over his head . It jerked away from him and flew off .	PERSON had a new kite . PERSON had a new kite as well . PERSON 's kite flew and PERSON 's did n't . PERSON felt bad . PERSON gave his kite to PERSON and they were both happy .	PERSON opened the package that held her knew kite . She unraveled the string , so it would be longer . She began to run as wind caught her kite . The kite suspended into air . She loosened the string using the handle , and watched her kite soar .	PERSON never flew a kite before . PERSON 's friend PERSON was going to show her how . PERSON bought a bright pink kite for her lesson . PERSON showed PERSON how to fly the kite at the park . PERSON was so excited that she learned to fly a kite .	PERSON thought it was a perfect day to fly a kite . She went to the park with her kite . The wind was blowing stiffly as she let the string unspool . The kite caught the wind and went soaring high into sky . After a while , PERSON reeled her kite in and contentedly walked home .
house	A family decided to move . They packed everything up . They got in the moving truck . They drove across the country . They loved their new home !	The house was small at first . Over the years they built it larger . When my dad died , mom made it even bigger . Soon it was double the original size . Everyone teased her about her building .	PERSON had always wanted his own house . PERSON began saving a lot of money . He also worked for many hours every day . After a lot of hard work , he was able to get a house . PERSON lived happily every after in his own house .	A flash of lightning illuminated the decaying house . Qora jumped into the air , but kept moving up the stairs . She looked back over her shoulder at her friends , encouraging her . PERSON got to the front door and kicked it as hard as she could . She then ran quickly from the house , certain ghosts were on her heels .	PERSON like to build things . He built another house right next to his own . He used the bottom floor as a wood workshop . He let guests sleep on the top floor . It was his biggest project since the barn .	We went by the house that is being built . We looked at all the new rooms . One of the rooms was missing a light hole . They drywalled over the hole . They had to have someone come back to fix it and make it right .	PERSON went to a friend 's house . PERSON likes the friend , PERSON , and wanted to get to know her better . After an hour , PERSON 's mother started yelling at her . PERSON started crying . PERSON tried to comfort her .	The wife cleaned the house . The husband played video games . He did not help the wife . The wife got angry at the man . She threw out his video games .	PERSON went to a foreclosure auction . He was hoping to buy his first home . The auction was fast-paced and he was nervous . But he managed to place one winning bid . PERSON was now a homeowner !
fast food	PERSON loved to eat fast food . Her favorite item to order was fries . One night she went to her favorite place and it was closed . PERSON was very disappointed . She wrote the manager and received a gift card in response .	PERSON and her friend were downtown shopping for clothes . But it was noon and it was time for lunch . It was PERSON 's first time at the food court at a mall . She had never seen so many fast food restaurants in one place . PERSON was as happy as a kid on Christmas morning .	PERSON loved to eat fast food . He ate so much he started to gain weight . He decided to end his addiction . He picked up an exercise routine . He was glad to end his addiction .	PERSON went to get some fast food . He ate it very quickly . The next day , PERSON felt sick . He threw up all day . PERSON decided he would stop eating fast food .	PERSON was hungry . His wife was on her way from home . PERSON asked her to pick up some fast food . His wife got some for both of them . PERSON was thankful and got full .	I stopped by McDonald 's on the way home yesterday . I ordered a burger without pickles . When I got home the burger had pickles on it . I had to drive back to get another one . They acted like I was being too sensitive .	PERSON loved fast food . She like the variety of value menus . So she went all the time to her favorite place with a good menu . She ended up buying one of everything on the menu . And to her surprise also ended up eating it all too !	PERSON walked up to the counter . She skimmed the menu to make sure she knew what she wanted . The cashier greeted her . PERSON told him her order . She then waited for her food to be prepared .	PERSON went on a field trip . He became very hungry . The bus stopped at a mall . He got out . He ate something for lunch .
the mall	PERSON and her friends went shopping at the mall . One store in , PERSON saw that her debit card was gone . In a panic she went to the car and her house to look . She could n't find it anywhere ! It turns out her best friend was holding it for her the whole time .	PERSON was at a mall . He was very rich and was spending a lot of money at different stores . He ended up buying many new clothes . Everyone admired PERSON as he walked around . PERSON left the mall feeling very empty inside .	Jan was shopping at the mall with her friends . They all decided that they were hungry . The friends headed to the food court . They ate their meal . After eating , they continued to shop .	I used to work at the mall . It was very noisy in there everyday . I hated how noisy it was so I went looking for a new job . All the other jobs I found were also in the mall . So I guess I 'll have to get used to the noise .	PERSON PERSON PERSON go to the mall . PERSON wants a new jacket . PERSON wants to go to the food court . They decide to go get PERSON 's jacket first . At the end of the day they are both very happy .	PERSON and her friends were bored . They drove out to the mall to walk around . They walked through some stores and tried on clothes . They found a lot of cute things . The girls were happy they 'd spent their day together .	The city wanted to build a mall . However they did not have the money . They decided to take donations . Someone donated 2 million dollars . When the mall was done it was so beautiful .	Today I went to the mall . I was going shopping . I went into a bunch of different stores . I could n't find anything I liked . So I left the mall .	PERSON wanted to have a new look . She went to the mall for inspiration . She ended up buying a dress that was very unlike her . It was flashy and sparkly . She felt amazing in it .
mistake	PERSON made a mistake . His wife caught it . She made him fix it . PERSON did n't fix it properly . His wife lectured him thoroughly .	My friend reminded me about the assignment that 's due tomorrow . I did n't do any homework today and decided to get some rest . On the next day , I started the assignment . When I finished , I tried to turn it in online . The notice says that the submission deadline was yesterday , not today .	I have been applying to several jobs . And I finally got an email asking me to come in for an interview . But the email did not list the location or time . I replied back asking for the information . But I was told the email was sent by mistake .	PERSON was at a traffic light . She could not see that light turn green due to the bright sun . People started honking at her . She finally noticed that the light had changed . PERSON was a nervous wreck when she got home .	A new car was up for sale through an action . The first few offers were extremely low . However , the last offers were at high costs . My maximum offer was $ 40,000 , until a man offered $ 45,000 dollars . Although I would have to take car loan , I offered $ 47,500 dollars .	Mark is an athlete that competes in Track and Field . He has a practice session where he practices his jumps . He was running late and decided to practice without warming up . When he jumped the first hurdle , he got a cramp . He decided to never train without warming up .	PERSON met PERSON at the library to study for the big test . They chatted instead of studying . On the day of the test they were both unprepared . Harry and PERSON failed their test . They vowed to never make that same mistake again .	PERSON was lactose intolerant , so she order a burger without cheese . The waitress brought her a cheeseburger . PERSON told the waitress the order was wrong . She was quickly brought a new burger . This one had been made correctly !	PERSON was off work on Sundays , so she made a doctor 's appointment then . But as the date approached , she saw that it was a Tuesday ! She had mistakenly used last month 's calendar when scheduling . She had to call and reschedule her appointment . Luckily , they had an opening that Sunday .
the zoo	PERSON went to the zoo with his family . He wanted to see the gorillas . His father wanted to go see the tigers first . PERSON threw a tantrum because he did n't get his way . PERSON never got to see the gorillas .	When I visited LOCATION , I decided that I wanted to go to the zoo . It was an hour out of town and it was complicated to get there . I realized I did n't think about how I was going to get home . I met a couple of English speaking people and they drove there . Fortunately they offered to take me home and I arrived back safe .	Miss PERSON took her kindergarteners to the zoo . They went to the penguin exhibit first . While there , they were able to feed the penguins . They went back to school that afternoon . They can not wait to go back .	Today I took my son to the zoo . He really liked the monkey exhibit . He has been talking like a monkey all day . I started to think it was funny . Now I ca n't get him to speak normally and he is still acting silly .	The tigers were the most famous animals in the zoo . People would always stop to check them out . One day , the zoo visitors watched the tigers eat huge steaks . They ripped the meat apart . The visitors were in awe of the powerful creatures .	PERSON and his son went to the zoo . His son was very fond of monkeys . The went to the monkey enclosure at the zoo . His son mocked , and ran along side the enclosure with the monkeys . His son had such a good time he fell asleep smiling on the ride home .	PERSON went to the zoo in her town . She saw elephants , tigers , and even some squid . When she left she discovered a monkey had escaped and was in her bag . She wanted to keep the monkey since it was so cute . Since she did n't know what monkeys ate , she returned the monkey .	PERSON turned 5 Year 's old today . To celebrate the day , her parents took her to the zoo . She has seen many animals in her books but never in person . She loved seeing all of these animals especially the giraffes . This was her best birthday so far .	PERSON went to the zoo with his dad . He laughed when he saw all the animals doing silly things . His dad helped him take pictures of animals on the phone . He liked the pictures and was very pleased . His dad bought him an ice cream , and they went home .
headache	PERSON had a headache . PERSON decided he had not consumed enough water . PERSON drank a glass of water . PERSON waited for his headache to subside . After ten minutes , PERSON no longer had a headache .	Yesterday , I had a really bad headache . I tried many things to get it to go away , but it only got worse . Finally , I took a nap in the hopes that it would help . I fell asleep quickly . When I awoke , my headache was gone .	PERSON went to school that day with a headache . She had a big test and was afraid to fail it because of the pain . She looked in her bag but found no medicine . She then asked a friend to give her some aspirin and took it . The headache went away but she failed the test anyway .	PERSON had a bad headache . She went to lay down early after dinner . In bed , she shut her eyes and tried to relax . Gradually she drifted into a peaceful sleep . Thankfully , when she awoke , the headache was gone .	PERSON had a really bad headache that would n't go away ! He took Advil daily with no change . Finally , me and all his friends , told me to go to a doctor . When he went to the doctor he was told he had a sinus infection ! He took antibiotics and his headache went away soon after .	I had a massive headache . I decided to take some pain pills . I took three pills . Afterwards , I realized I overdosed ! I learned to be more careful about reading medicinal directions .	PERSON had a huge headache . He tried to sleep it off . He woke up with a bigger headache . He then took some medicine . After an hour the headache was gone .	I wanted to stop drinking caffeine . I decided to go cold turkey . The next morning I skipped coffee . By afternoon I had a horrible headache . I desperately drank a huge mug of soda .	PERSON had a minor headache for a week . So he went to the doctor . His doctor recommended medication . But PERSON instead decided to eat healthier and exercise . After his headache went away , he was glad he did n't take medication .
snorkeling	I was excited to go snorkeling for the first time . My friend told me to go to crab island and snorkel . I made a reservation with a tour guide to take me there . I had an amazing time . Someone on the tour caught a seahorse .	PERSON was on vacation in the Keys . She had been having a great time . She saw a place to go snorkeling . PERSON jumped in the water . She had a wonderful time looking at all the beautiful fish .	PERSON 's family was going snorkeling in LOCATION LOCATION . He was afraid to go in the deep water . His mom gave him a flotation device . PERSON cautiously got in the water . He immediately had fun viewing the different fish .	PERSON put a pair of flippers on his feet . He put a snorkeling mask on his eyes and nose . PERSON swam underwater . He saw a colorful parrotfish . PERSON reached out to touch the fish .	For Spring Break Sue 's dad took her to LOCATION LOCATION . They rented a sailboat and sailed all around the island . One day they anchored in a cove and went snorkeling . They saw all sorts of beautiful coral and fish . As she went to sleep that night Sue could still see all bright colors .	The trip had been a great success so far . There were only a few more days left before they had to return . PERSON wanted to try something new . She saw a poster for snorkeling and decided to go for it . She could n't believe all the beautiful fish that were in the water .	PERSON put on his fins , mask and snorkel . He hopped off the boat into the crystal clear water . The first thing he noticed were brightly colored fish . It was beautiful under the water . When he thought he 'd seen everything a big turtle floated past .	PERSON went snorkeling in the ocean . He saw many beautiful fish and reefs . He also saw a large sand shark ! PERSON took many pictures of the fish . When he was done he said that he would go snorkeling again very soon .	PERSON and his wife were on vacation . They were in the LOCATION . Both PERSON and his wife had never gone snorkeling . They decided to try it and went out . They had an amazing time and would n't soon forget snorkeling .
hurricane	PERSON lived on the coast of LOCATION where hurricanes occur all the time . Everyone was taking shelter due to an incoming hurricane . When the hurricane finally passed PERSON went outside . There was a lot of damaged homes and properties . I hope all the homeowners have insurance .	A hurricane formed near the coast of LOCATION . It happened very quickly . Many people did not have time to evacuate . Heavy flooding damaged many roads and homes . Fortunately , no one was killed .	PERSON woke up in the middle of the night in a panic . There was a loud crack in the distance . He could hear pellets of rain slamming into his roof . Hurriedly , PERSON rushed to the TV and turned on the weather channel . He breathed a sigh of relief as he saw the hurricane would end soon .	The hurricane came into town . The windows in my house were destroyed by the strong winds . My family ran into my tool shed to be safe . After several hours , we came out . My family helped me clean up the broken glass on the floor .	LOCATION got hit by Hurricane Katrina ten Years ago . It finally rebuilt the coast . However , we still brace every time bad weather brews . Hurricane season is dreaded on the coast . People always take it seriously .	There was a hurricane coming through LOCATION . The families had to evacuate fast . The PERSON 's do n't have TV , and did n't know there was a hurricane . It was to late for the Johnsons , the did n't escape . But later , swimming in the water , they got saved by a helicopter .	PERSON lived on the LOCATION LOCATION . He knew a hurricane was coming . He did not want to evacuate . He had been through hurricanes before . When the storm hit , PERSON was glad it was only a thunderstorm .	PERSON and his family lived on the beach . They were under a tropical depression . As the storm grew stronger , they decided to evacuate . The storm turned into a hurricane . Luckily PERSON 's family left as their house was destroyed .	PERSON found out a hurricane was coming towards his city . PERSON thought about whether to evacuate . John looked at the forecast . John assumed it would not be harmful to his area . PERSON was right and the hurricane did not pose a threat in his area .
earthquake	PERSON was looking for lumber at Home Depot on a Saturday morning . There was a tremendous crashing and rumbling sound . Everyone around PERSON began to panic and run around crazily . PERSON heard an announcement through the store 's speakers . The announcement said there had been an earthquake !	I was in the 6th grade . A man had predicted a catastrophic earthquake . We were sitting in computer lab when it was supposed to happen . We all pretended we were not nervous . When the time passed , we all breathed a sigh of relief .	PERSON lives in LOCATION with his family . Suddenly , his entire house began shaking one day . His dad started yelling for PERSON to get out of the house . PERSON left the house right when the house began collapsing . PERSON 's family was left without a house .	There was a small earthquake recently . It rattled books off of the shelf . It also opened cabinet doors . Worst of all , it cracked the foundation . They hoped that was the last one for a long time .	PERSON was awaken out of his sleep by his dog Butch . PERSON was running around room , barking and whining . PERSON thought PERSON needed to go for a walk . When the two walked out side , the ground started to shake . The house shook apart as PERSON and PERSON hugged the ground .	PERSON and PERSON were sitting in class . One day everything around them began to shake and tumble . The teacher screamed earthquake and everyone hid under their desks . PERSON and PERSON were scared and held each other 's hands . The earthquake stopped and everyone was a-o-k .	PERSON woke up suddenly . The ground was shaking ! PERSON hurried and ran for the doorway . Soon after the ground stopped shaking . That was the first earthquake PERSON has ever been in .	PERSON feared earthquakes a lot . In fact , he never wanted to be in one . One day , he went outside of his house . Suddenly , the ground started shaking . It was a small earthquake so PERSON was not injured .	PERSON woke up in the middle of the night because her bed was shaking . The pictures on her night stand were rattling . She was a bit confused by all this since she lives in LOCATION . There had been small earthquakes before but none like this . The next morning the news confirmed it was an earthquake .
hard work	PERSON was in intelligent but poor high school student . She worked as hard as she could every day . On weekends , she volunteered for various charities . She eventually got a full scholarship to college . PERSON is now a successful doctor .	I tried out for the football team at school . I got cut from the team after tryouts . The coach said that I was n't big enough to successfully play . Determined to prove him wrong I spent the next year working out . I became stronger and bigger and the next year I made the team !	Amber was very over weight . She wanted to lose some weight . She worked out in the mornings . She worked out everyday for two weeks . She lost the weight she wanted to .	PERSON was 16 and wanted a car . He got an after-school job and saved every penny . Soon he could afford an old , battered used car . Some of his schoolmates laughed at it , but PERSON did n't care . He was proud of his achievement - and of his wheels !	PERSON had been hired to work at a local factory . It was very hot with temperatures typically over one hundred degrees . PERSON hated the job and wanted to quit . However , he had to stick with it to pay the bills . Eventually , PERSON got use to job and learned to enjoy it .	PERSON 's parents always told him that working hard was important . At the age of fourteen he got his first job . It was just a paper route , but it helped him get off to a good start . He worked every single day and saved his paychecks . Now PERSON is nineteen and paying for his first year of college .	The group leader required us to complete at least 10 PowerPoint slides . I did some research on the same day . A few weeks later , I ended up with 25 slides of work . I submitted my assignment to the leader before the due date . She was impressed and thanked me .	PERSON worked hard at his job every day . He took on new tasks and more responsibilities . His boss noticed his hard work . PERSON 's boss called him into his office . His boss gave him a large raise .	PERSON got cut from the basketball team his junior year . The coach told him he needs to become quicker and taller . PERSON spent the entire summer working on his speed . And he had a late growth spurt and grew three inches . He made the team the following year .
business	PERSON lost his job . He decided to start a business . He made signs . His first sign was for an elementary school . He found another job a few months later .	PERSON ran his own business . It was very successful . He offered the business for sale . There were many interested parties . PERSON made one million dollars in the sale .	PERSON wanted to start a company . He started a tech company in his garage . He would work everyday for 12 hours . He came up with his first product in 6 months . Everyone loved the product , and now PERSON is rich .	PERSON wanted to start a business . His wife paid the bills . PERSON quit his job . He worked very hard . Now he is one of the richest men in the world .	PERSON is a homemaker . She wants to earn money . One day , she decided to join a pyramid scheme . This was a bad idea . PERSON still is n't making money .	PERSON decided to get his own business . He was selling shoes . No one came to buy any . He decided to put an advertisement on a billboard . The billboard ended up getting him many customers .	PERSON wanted to go into business for himself . He started a Christmas tree farm . He was nervous about having such a seasonal business . He planted and nurtured and marketed those trees . That winter PERSON made one hundred thousand dollars !	The business of making money is a hard one . You can be a consultant or you can work by the hour . Sometimes making a new business is a good idea . But it can be a hard road . I 'd you put in the work you can make it .	PERSON wants to start a new business . He has been sketching ideas on how to start one . He decided to do an online business that sells stickers . He bought a hostname and somehow , it has been getting popular . He is very happy about the outcome .
jail	A man went to jail for his crimes . He hated the food and the people . In order to survive he joined the white supremacists . He felt like he betrayed his values , but he was still alive . His life was miserable .	PERSON is afraid of being arrested . He has heard the food in jail is terrible . Bologna does not agree with PERSON 's digestive system . One day , PERSON thought about committing a crime . Because of prison food , PERSON decided to not break the law .	I decided to go to the bar . I got very drunk . The police asked me if I was okay . I threw up on their shoes . They got angry and locked me in jail for the night .	My friend 's daughter lives in CA . She broke up with her boyfriend . She had a fight with him over cheating , and slapped him . He called the police who arrested her for assault . The DA 's office said they will drop the charge .	PERSON was sent to prison without warning . He was very confused about what happened . Suddenly , a year later they release him . They had the wrong person . PERSON gets over a million from the government for it	My daughter 's LOCATION girlfriend now lives in LOCATION LOCATION . One night she was arrested for hitting her boyfriend . She spent four hours in jail . Her jail mates included a drug dealer and a prostitute . She was glad to make bail in the morning .	The woman stole a bike from the store . The store caught it on a camera . They called the cops . The cops found the woman . The woman went to jail .	PERSON went to jail for unpaid child support . He was miserable and bored . Then he saw that the jail had a GED program . PERSON decided to use his time incarcerated to get a GED . When he left jail , he was glad to have furthered his education !	PERSON was going to jail , and she was excited . She had been trying for years . Finally she got what she wanted . She was so eager and happy . Today was her first day as a corrections officer !
the break up	PERSON and PERSON were a couple . They had been dating for almost two Year 's . One day PERSON upset PERSON . PERSON decided to end things with PERSON . PERSON and PERSON broke up .	PERSON and PERSON had been dating for months . Things were going well but PERSON was moving . They both knew they could n't handle a long distance relationship . PERSON and PERSON decided to end things on good terms . They were able to remain friends .	PERSON 's relationship had several problems . He felt that things could n't get fixed . PERSON decided to break up with his girlfriend . His girlfriend understood his position . She agreed with the decision to break up .	PERSON was at the pool with her boyfriend . She noticed him checking out all of the bikini-clad girls . She was sick of his behavior and wanted to break up . The two began fighting and he tried to stop her . It was no use though , and she left the pool and his heart that day .	PERSON needed to break up with his girlfriend . He drove to her house and knocked on her door . She answered a minute later and they began to talk . PERSON told her the bad news and she began to cry . PERSON left the scene and felt very bad about himself .	PERSON and PERSON decided to break up . It was on okay terms but they still lived together . They decided to wait until the lease was over . Unfortunately it was too uncomfortable . She wound up moving out far earlier .	PERSON and PERSON were a popular couple at their high school . In public the put on a show of affection to prove the loved each other . But tonight they realized it was all a show . PERSON told PERSON she wanted to see other people . She was relieved when PERSON said he felt the same .	PERSON and his girlfriend had been having problems . They talked things out and stayed together . One night , PERSON hung up on his girlfriend because he got angry . He did n't answer when she called back . She broke up with him because he had done this before .	PERSON did n't trust his girlfriend . It caused problems in their relationship . They tried to work it out but it did n't work . PERSON decided to break up with her . It was messy but for the best .
puppy love	Sue really like PERSON . She sent him a note during English class . The note invited PERSON to meet her behind the gym after school . Sue waited and waited behind the gym but PERSON never showed up . Later she found out that PERSON liked her and was too nervous to come .	PERSON had a new puppy . He loved the puppy very much . One day , the puppy ran away . PERSON was very sad . He decided he needed to pay better attention to his pets .	PERSON bought a brand new puppy for his family . They all agreed that they would help take care of it . After a few months , PERSON was the only one taking care of it . He trained it and cared for it all by himself . Ton liked it though and he grew a bond with the dog .	PERSON and PERSON were in the fourth grade . They did everything together . They finally decided to date . They 're parents thought it was puppy love . PERSON and PERSON married twenty Years later .	PERSON was going to get a puppy from the pet store . The puppy she had her eye on was sold earlier in the day . The pet store owner brought out the puppy 's brother . He was a runt that no one else had wanted . It was love at first sight for PERSON .	PERSON decided to adopt a dog . She began researching dog breeds to figure out which was best for her . Narrowing it down to three breeds , PERSON went to the local dog shelter . At the shelter , none of the dogs were the breeds PERSON had chosen . After meeting a mixed breed dog , PERSON fell in love and adopted him .	PERSON was in love . The moment he met his new puppy , they were best friends . They did everything together . Then one day , PERSON 's puppy had her own puppies ! Now , PERSON has to spread his love around !	I adopted two dogs a few Year 's ago , a male and a female . The adoption place never informed me that they were n't fixed . They ended up have eight puppies together ! There was no way I could manage ten dogs total so I sold the puppies . I ended up making one thousand dollars and found homes for the dogs .	PERSON really wanted a puppy . Her mom told her if she gets all good grades , she could get one . She worked really hard for three months on her school work . When report cards came out , she had earned all a 's and b 's ! PERSON 's mom took her to get her puppy as her reward .
missed bus	We have a bus stop in front of our building . One day two women sat on the bench waiting for the bus . The bus stop was fifty feet away from them . The bus passed right by the stop as no passengers were seen waiting . The women laughed it off and decided to walk .	PERSON used to wait on a bus stop for a school bus every morning . This morning he came a little bit later than usual . He found out his bus left without him . He called his mom . She took him to school by car .	The bus came to my stop . Several kids were walking inside . Since I woke up late to dress for school , I was n't near the stop . The bus left as soon as I was running to the stop . My parents took me to school since I missed the bus .	Working late one night , PERSON hurried to the corner but missed her bus . It was the last bus home , and PERSON could n't afford a cab . Hurrying back to her work , PERSON found all of her coworkers gone . With no one to give her a ride , she realized she 'd have to walk home . Walking a scary hour in the dark was a lesson to always have cab fare .	PERSON looked over at the clock and gasped . She had completely lost track of the time . She grabbed her keys and coat and hurried out the door . Donning her coat as she ran , she raced down the street . She rounded the corner just in time to see her bus roar by .	A man came out of the building today . He asked me if the bus to LOCATION LOCATION had left . I told him it had just left a few minutes ago . He got onto his phone and contacted Uber . He got his ride a few minutes later .	PERSON missed the bus in the morning . He walked to school . He got to school one hour late . The principal of the school told his mom . His mom grounded PERSON for two weeks .	A woman was sitting on the bench in front of my building . She was waiting for the bus , about fifty feet away . She got distracted by a text message . When she looked up , the bus was coming . She ran but missed the bus .	PERSON was walking down to the bus stop . He planned on taking the bus to school . He waited for an hour but the bus did not show . He had to walk to school . It took him an hour to get to school .
army	PERSON was in the military . During a mission , he got shot by his teammate . It was on accident . he spent the next month in the hospital . He recovered completely after .	PERSON 's dad was in the army . PERSON missed his dad . He did not know what to do . One day Ted got a package in the mail . It was a picture of his dad to keep PERSON from being lonely .	PERSON wanted to join the army . He went to the army depot to inquire . They sent him for a physical . When he passed , they gave him some interviews . Then they told him he was welcome into the army !	PERSON wanted to join the Army . He had to take a physical exam . He was afraid he would not pass . But after the test , the sergeant congratulated him . He welcomed PERSON into the Army , saying he had passed !	I 'm in a long distance relationship right now . I am deployed overseas in the army . My girlfriend and I video chat every now and then . In two weeks I get to go home and see her . I 'm looking for ways to pass the time so time goes by faster .	PERSON joined the Army at age 18 . Her family did not approve at first . But after a few years they saw the benefits . PERSON was happy and made decent money . Soon PERSON had all her family 's support !	PERSON signed up to be a part of her country 's army . She was worried she would not get the best position assigned to her . Fortunately , her commanders recognized her potential and her skills . PERSON was assigned to a good position for a person with her talents . She serves her country proudly .	PERSON wanted to join the army . He went to the recruitment center to apply . There , they examined him thoroughly . Afterward , they told PERSON his poor hearing disqualified him . PERSON was disappointed that he could n't join the army .	When PERSON was a child he always played army . He would run around the woods with his friends with toy guns . At 17 , he decided to take the test and join the army . He waited for the results , and was admitted ! PERSON has been a soldier for 7 years now .
marathon	My friend and I raced in a marathon once . As soon as we started , I knew my friend would beat me . Halfway through , I looked ahead and my friend had already finished . The race was hard , but I eventually crossed the finish line . I was upset that I lost , but happy I finished .	PERSON and her friends set up a Lord Of The Rings movie night . They decided to have a marathon and watch all three movies . They were sure they could make it through nine hours of movies ! But by the end the second film , PERSON and all her friends were asleep . They had tried valiantly , but all passed out during the marathon !	PERSON always struggled with her weight . She was overweight and wanted to get in shape . She started to walk and ride her bike daily . This continued for a year . She eventually was able to run a marathon .	PERSON decided to train for a marathon in two months . He bought new sneakers and clothing to train in . Every day he went out running . PERSON got stronger and faster each day . PERSON felt really proud of himself after finishing the marathon .	Isabel is doing a marathon run . She made it through two miles . She then passed out on the floor . She had to be sent to the hospital . She was alright though .	PERSON wanted to enter a marathon . She trained at the gym four days a week . The day of the marathon arrived . She became winded and had to stop near half-way . PERSON decided that her future workouts needed more cardio .	PERSON always wanted to run a marathon . He found out that there was a marathon happening this summer . He decided to train all semester to compete in that marathon . On the day of the marathon , PERSON suddenly fell ill . He figured there was always next time .	PERSON wanted to be a runner . And her goal was to complete next month 's marathon . She trained very hard and ate well . But she did n't feel prepared for the marathon . So she decided to quit at the last second .	PERSON loves to run . One day , she decided to train for a marathon . She ran every day for weeks . Finally the day of the marathon arrived . She won the race .
karaoke	PERSON and PERSON were happily married . They desired to go out on a Friday night . PERSON suggested Karaoke . PERSON agreed with PERSON ' suggestion . They went to karaoke bar and had a great time .	PERSON hated karaoke . Her crush invited her to go this friday . It was a company tradition . She said yes . As soon as she got there she turned around and went home .	PERSON loved to sing but hated performing in public . Her friends planned a night out at a local karaoke bar . PERSON was nervous that she would n't be able to sing for an audience . She faced her fear by belting out her favorite song . PERSON felt proud that she could perform after all .	PERSON went to a karaoke party . She had vowed not to sing anything . But then she heard the other attendees singing . None were great , but nobody mocked anyone else ! Finally PERSON found the courage to sing her own song !	My friends invited me to karaoke . I could n't sing so I declined . However , they insisted . I decided to go with them . I enjoyed the karaoke !	PERSON went out with some friends . She had a little too much to drink . Her friends were singing karaoke . PERSON joined them . She sang awfully .	PERSON went to the bar for karaoke night . This was his first time doing it . He sang an PERSON song . Everyone cheered . He apparently did very well .	PERSON entered into a singing competition . He did horribly . PERSON reentered and secretly played a music track while lip syncing . PERSON won the competition . He never told anyone that he had cheated .	The girls went out . They decided to go to a karaoke bar . When their song came on , they burst out in their favorite tune . They began singing and dancing . The whole bar gave them a standing ovation .
burn	PERSON went to the beach to get a suntan . She spread out her towel and lay in the sun . But after a few minutes , she dozed off . PERSON woke up hours later to see that she 'd burned terribly . She was very angry at herself for falling asleep !	PERSON had a terrible sunburn . She went to the store for aloe lotion . At home , she smoothed it on her burn . She slept that night covered in the salve . In the morning , her burn was no longer painful .	PERSON laid out in the sun . She wanted a deep tan . She decided to doze off for a few hours . When she woke , she was badly burned . She had forgotten to apply sunscreen !	The man worked in the sun . He took off his shirt . His back had not been in the sun for a long time . The sun burnt his back . The sunburn caused the man misery .	Nic was lighting off fireworks one Fourth of July . But it was his first time and he was nervous . He managed to accidentally burn the tip of his thumb ! But Nic had heard far more serious horror stories . He was relieved that his injury was n't worse .	My kettle started to shoot steam into the air . I tried to take off the stove before removing the kettle . All of a sudden , the top of the kettle popped off . All of the pressurized air moved towards my hand . I ended up getting burned .	Kia applied sunscreen before going to the beach . She thought she 'd be safe from sunburn . But that night , she saw she had been burned after all ! She realized that the water had washed away her sunscreen . She wished she had re-applied it !	PERSON worked at a fast food restaurant . One day she burned her arm on the deep fryer . She dressed the burn with soothing gel . She kept it covered for weeks . Soon it was almost healed !	PERSON went to the beach with her friends . She forgot to apply sunscreen . When she got home , her mom gasped . She was alarmed at PERSON 's dark sunburn ! She quickly slathered PERSON in aloe lotion .
chores	PERSON has a lot of chores . Her parents give her an allowance . She makes sure to get them all done . She likes to save her money . One day she plans to buy a cellular phone .	PERSON wanted to go to a party that weekend . His dad said he could go if he did all his chores . PERSON went right to work cleaning and scrubbing . He got all his work done by Friday night . Then PERSON happily headed out to the party !	PERSON hated chores , especially washing dishes . But she took a job as a dishwasher after school to earn money . She saw how hard and tiring it was to wash dishes constantly . She went home and saw her poor mom struggling to do the same thing . After that , PERSON did the dishes every day without being asked .	PERSON hated to do chores with her parents . She was told to clean the bathroom . Instead , PERSON slept in the bathtub all day rather than cleaning . PERSON was grounded when her parents found out she had n't worked . PERSON decided to never skip out on doing chores again .	PERSON asked her parents for an allowance . They talked it over . They agreed that if she did chores , she could get an allowance . PERSON agreed . She was happy to have an income now !	PERSON 's mom was annoyed with him . This was because he never did his chores . PERSON 's mom decided to do something about it . She told him that if he did n't do his chores , he could n't watch TV . Finally , PERSON started to always get his chores done .	PERSON hates to do chores . He finds them to be boring . His mother wants him to do chores . She gives a choice , chores or the street . He decided chores were better .	PERSON woke up early to start her day . She stripped all the sheets off the beds . She did all the laundry . She washed the dishes and cleaned the kitchen . By noon , she was exhausted but the house was spotless .	PERSON had to clean her room before she could go out to play . She did n't want to spend her afternoon cleaning . PERSON picked everything up and hid it under her bed instead . She ran outside , but her mom was suspicious about how fast she was . PERSON 's mom found her mess and made PERSON come back inside .
the bike ride	One day , PERSON was riding her bike down a steep hill . Right before the bottom of the hill , PERSON tried to stop . However , she was going too fast ! PERSON 's bike crashed at the bottom of the hill . Now , PERSON remembers to be more careful when she rides her bike .	PERSON decided to go for a bike ride . He got on his bike and took off down the street . The road until he got to the edge of town . He realized how tired he was and turned around to go home . PERSON got home and was exhausted .	It was a beautiful day and PERSON wanted to enjoy it . So , she decided to go on a bike ride . PERSON was going pretty fast on her bike . Suddenly she fell off . PERSON got a pretty badly scraped knee .	PERSON bought a new bike . He decided to try it out . At first he was just planning on going around the block He was having too much fun . PERSON decided to enjoy the moment longer and ride more .	It was a beautiful day when PERSON woke up . He decided to go on a bike ride . He rode for three hours but became really tired . PERSON knew he could n't ride back home . So , he found a bus stop and took the bus back to his house .	PERSON always wanted to ride a bike . She never learned how growing up . Her boyfriend agreed to teach her . PERSON was a quick learner . They were riding around together within minutes .	PERSON wanted to get in better shape . She decided to start bicycling . On her first ride she almost fell twice . She kept going and got better . Eventually she entered a race .	The family would go on bike rides every evening . Sometimes they would go around the block . Other times , they 'd go many miles . They always wore helmets and used flashing lights . They enjoyed their family time together .	PERSON was riding his bike down the street . He rolled to a stop sign , but did n't stop . A car was passing through the intersection . PERSON 's bike hit the tail end of the car . PERSON had to be hospitalized for a week .
airport	I often times hate going through security at the airport . Last time , I forgot to take my wallet and change out . Since I did n't have them out , they made me go back through . I then had to have my hands tested for dangerous materials . It is so frustrating dealing with airports these days .	PERSON realized that he was late for his flight . PERSON quickly packed everything . Once everything was packed , he began calling a cab . A cab arrived very quickly and PERSON jumped in . PERSON barely made it to the airport .	I was at the airport for the first time . I was so eager to finally ride on a plane . However , I could n't find my ticket . I told the pilot that I had lost my ticket . He felt so bad that he let me ride on the plane anyway .	PERSON had to get her brother from the airport . His flight was getting in at nine . She work up early in the morning to be on-time . She drove down to the airport . When she got there , she learned that he meant nine at night .	I was headed out of town for Thanksgiving . Knowing it would be busy , I left early to get to the airport . Traffic was at a standstill . I became anxious at the thought of missing my flight . Thankfully , my plane was delayed and I made it on time .	On Monday , I had to board a plane at 6 pm . Not wanting to be late , I asked PERSON to give me a ride there by 5 pm . PERSON told his boss he needed to get me to the airport by 4 pm . On Monday , PERSON showed up at my house at 3 pm to pick me up . We got to the airport at 3:30 pm where I waited for over 2 hours .	PERSON was preparing to take a trip out of town . PERSON would need a ride to the airport . PERSON asked his friend for a ride . His friend complied . PERSON obtained the ride to the airport he needed .	PERSON had a flight to LOCATION for a vacation . He got to the airport early to get through customs . His flight was cancelled due to bad weather . PERSON was upset and asked an employees if anything can be done . The employees gave PERSON free flights for a year for his troubles .	Harry had a conference in another state . His company bought him a flight to get there . Unfortunately , his flight got delayed . He spent a whole day waiting at the airport . Fortunately , he was able to make the conference in time .
the birthday party	For her birthday , PERSON wanted a clown to perform for her friends . She begged her parents for the clown for months . On the day of her birthday , a clown showed up . He wore makeup and funny shoes . PERSON and her friends had a lot of fun at her party .	PERSON 's boyfriend was turning 30 and wanted to throw him a party . She called his friends and family and told them about her plans . Everyone came together and they rented a hall for the party . No one told PERSON 's boyfriend and he was surprised on his birthday . He said it was the most fun he 's had in a long time .	Today is PERSON 's birthday . PERSON 's mother had prepared a birthday cake and decorations for a party . The children arrived at the party . They gave PERSON lots of presents . PERSON was very happy .	PERSON was turning ten years old . So she decided to throw a birthday party . She handed out invitations in class to all of her classmates . The day of the party , no one showed up . PERSON was devastated and she cried .	PERSON had a birthday party on the weekend . He invited all of his friends and relatives . They sang the happy birthday song to him . Everyone also ate a piece of PERSON 's birthday cake . PERSON was happy to be with his family and friends .	LOCATION was anxious for his friends to arrive . He was having a birthday party ! They all came with gifts . He opened them up and thanked his friends . Then they all ate cake !	PERSON was going to her cousin 's birthday party . Her cousin was having a swimming party . PERSON had been having an ear infection . She was not allowed to swim with the other children . PERSON sadly watched the kids swim while she sat on the deck .	My son went to his classmate 's birthday party today . The birthday girl was turning 5 . The party was at a children 's museum . The kids had a lot of fun playing games and doing crafts . After pizza and cake , it was time to go home .	It was PERSON 's birthday and she was so excited . She went out to eat dinner with her friend PERSON . When they got back to her house all the lights were off . As they walked in the door , all of PERSON 's friends were there . PERSON realized they were all there for her birthday !
easter	We went to brunch this Easter . My wife found a nearby restaurant and made a reservation . My son came over and drove us . We had a big brunch and a nice dessert . My wife posted photos on Facebook .	I wanted to have a lot of really colorful eggs ready for Easter . I purchased a large amount of eggs . Then I got some dye and prepared all the eggs . I let them dry for a while . On Easter day I had a large amount of dyed eggs for everyone .	A family invited some people over for Easter . They had a dinner together . They shared some good memories . They talked about the reason for the holiday . They wished each other goodnight .	We celebrated Easter yesterday . We went to church . We had lunch as a family . The younger children had an Easter egg hunt . It was a lovely day .	PERSON and his family made plans for Easter . His mom got very upset . She had wanted to make plans with him . He invited her along . She decided to spend the holiday alone .	Yesterday was Easter . On Easter PERSON went to his friends house . PERSON 's friend threw a party . The party consisted of champagne and chocolate bunnies . PERSON loved the party .	PERSON was tasked the job of hiding the eggs for a egg hunt . It was Easter and the kids expected a challenge . So PERSON did his best to hide the eggs as best as he can . He hid them to good cause kids only found ten eggs out of forty . PERSON felt bad .	The first egg was in the chimney , with a clue . The kids followed the clue to the basement , they are excited . Once they got there , they could n't find an egg ! The parents forget where the put the egg , so they ended the egg hunt . Instead , they just gave the kids their basket of candy for Easter .	I sent my friend PERSON some candy for Easter . She loves Cadbury Cream Eggs . I bought a pack of three eggs and mailed them to her work . She sent me an email thanking me profusely . I like sending things to my friends .
sleep	Three year old PERSON did n't want to go to bed . She asked her mother to read a bedtime story . This always helps her to fall asleep . PERSON fell asleep before her mother got to finish the story . PERSON slept all night .	PERSON was going through sleep paralysis . He heard its possible to have a wake induced lucid dreaming . He tried to do it while under sleep paralysis . It did not work . His body started moving again .	PERSON woke up . He was unable to move . He saw a figure coming closer . He was terrified . Then it disappeared and he could move again .	PERSON had a long day at work . He could n't wait to get home . He was stuck in rush hour . He was falling asleep . He crashed his car and never made it home .	PERSON lives in a noisy neighborhood . He works late into the night . One day PERSON was very tired . It was too noisy to sleep . PERSON was very tired when he returned to work .	I had been up very late studying for a test . I went to class to take the test , feeling tired . My eyes were about to close as the teacher handed me the test . I decided to put my head on my desk and rest for a bit . I fell asleep without doing a single question on the test .	PERSON was a very sleepy baby . She would not sleep unless her mom was holding her . Her mother really wanted to take a shower . She put PERSON down in her crib . PERSON began to relentlessly cry for her mother .	PERSON fell asleep in his History class . His teacher got so mad at him . She sent him to the principal 's office . He did n't get in trouble . The next day he apologized and she was very happy .	PERSON could n't sleep . He tossed and turned , but it was no use . No position seemed to be comfortable . Finally , PERSON tried counting backwards from two-hundred . Before he realized it , he was fast asleep .
catch	PERSON 's life had been filled with very mean men . She despised that she 'd ever meet a good one . Then she discovered PERSON 's list . PERSON found a wonderful man on the forum . She married him , and he 's a model husband and father .	PERSON PERSON PERSON were playing catch in PERSON 's front yard . PERSON threw the ball so hard it got stuck in a tree . PERSON tried to get the ball down by throwing a baseball bat at it . Instead , the bat came down and smashed out PERSON 's dad 's car window . PERSON and PERSON had to do yard work all summer to help make up for it .	I bought my son a baseball . We got up early the next morning . We played in the front yard for hours . It was lunchtime when we finished . We ate like champions .	PERSON was a baseball player . He needed to practice his catching skills . His dad agreed to help him . They played catch outside every night . PERSON 's skills improved drastically .	PERSON was playing catch with her baby sister . She won the first few rounds . Then she decided to slow down and play worse . She let her baby sister win the next few games . PERSON was so happy to see her sister 's smile !	PERSON was making a cake . She set an open bag of flour on the counter . When she turned around her elbow hit the bag of flour . She tried to catch the bag before it hit the ground . The kitchen floor was covered in flour .	PERSON and his sister went outside to play . They found a ball and began tossing it . They began a game of catch . Soon PERSON fumbled and dropped the ball . His sister won the game !	When we were on vacation , my brother and I were playing catch . We were throwing the ball back and forth . My sister then said something , so I turned to pay attention to her . My brother did n't realize I was n't looking , and hit me in the head . It hurt really bad and I had to put ice on it .	PERSON and PERSON went to a park to play catch . When they arrived , they saw two other boys playing catch . John and PERSON started to play catch . And the other boys noticed them . The four boys decided to all play catch together .
PERSON 's bike	PERSON rode his bike to the store . He left his bike outside and went into the store . But when he came out , his bike was gone . He told a police officer that someone stole his bike . After a few days , his bike was returned and he was so relieved .	PERSON married PERSON , who had two children . Karen wanted PERSON to sell his motorcycle . PERSON refused to get rid of the motorcycle that he loved . Then one of PERSON 's friends was killed in a motorcycle accident . PERSON did the responsible thing and sold his motorcycle .	PERSON gets a new bike for her birthday . She is sad though because she does not know how to ride it . Her father teaches her how to ride it . After a couple weeks of practice , PERSON can ride her bike on her own . She now rides her bike everywhere she goes .	PERSON wanted a pink bike for her birthday . PERSON 's parents had told her she was too young for a bike . But all PERSON could think of was riding that pink bike outside . PERSON promised her parents she would be safe at all times . Her parents decided to get her the bike .	PERSON had longed for a motorbike all summer . His parents promised that he could have one if he used his own money . He mowed as many neighbors gardens as he possibly could . All the money he earned was saved up . In September , he rode to college on his new motorbike .	PERSON rode his bike home from school . He left his bike in the driveway . PERSON 's father returned from work . He did n't see PERSON 's bike . PERSON 's father rolled over the bike in his car .	PERSON bought a motorcycle . He treated it like his baby . One day while riding it he scraped the side on a car . He argued for hours that the driver would pay for the damage . He finally accepted that it had been his fault for causing the scrape .	PERSON was saving up for a brand new bicycle . After months of saving his allowance , he finally purchased his bike . He rode it around the neighborhood , showing it off . One day , he saw another boy riding a dirty and rusty bike . PERSON decided to give the boy his own bike .	PERSON wants to get around her new town faster but hates parking . A good friend recommends she try biking around town . PERSON decides to buy a bike and give it a shot . She finds biking very easy , even though she has n't biked in Years . PERSON is so happy that she took her friend 's advice .
school	PERSON hated school . He thought about dropping out . He told his friends that . They convinced him not to . He decided against it .	The school called early the first week . They said they were going to implement uniforms . Exasperated because I just bought clothes , I agreed . I went shopping online . I found a ton of cheap uniforms , and purchased as many as I could .	There was a school in LOCATION . The school caught on fire . Firemen fought the fire for a long time . The fire burned down the school . Nobody was injured thanks to the firemen .	LOCATION was a senior in high school . He never made A 's . He was determined to bring his grades up . He changed his habits . LOCATION made all A 's on his first 9-weeks report card .	June was nervous about starting a new school . She was used to having friends . When she got to her first class she made a friend . June was glad about school . She started making more friends .	PERSON got ready for her first day at school . She was nervous and excited at the same time . She walked all the way to the school with her dad . She made a new friend right away and forgot she was nervous ! PERSON had a great time at school and wanted to return tomorrow !	Sue recently moved and has to start at a new school . She is nervous and tells her parents that she does n't want to go . She tries to fake being sick but they still make her go . Sue soon makes friends in the math club after school . Sue then likes going to school to see her friends .	PERSON is entering the 7th grade . She is excited to purchase her school supplies . Her Mom took her to the store . PERSON selected colorful pencils and a floral backpack . When she got home , PERSON put everything in her new backpack .	PERSON use to hate school . He use to think it was so hard . He then realized he could ask his teacher for help . PERSON started making good grades with the help of his teacher . He realized school was good for his brain .
haircut	PERSON wanted to do something bold with her look . She had her long blonde hair cut short . Then she dyed it pink . Her friends all complimented her . Secretly they thought it was a bit much .	5 year old PERSON had lunch with his mom and grandma . His grandma ruffled his hair . She told PERSON 's mom that she preferred his hair long . PERSON 's mom smiled tightly . The very next day , PERSON got a haircut .	PERSON was job hunting and had not had much luck . PERSON decided to get a new haircut to see if it would help . PERSON had a job interview and it went well . She however did not receive a job offer . PERSON decided that the haircut did not help her job hunt .	PERSON needed a new haircut . He set up an appointment with a local barber . PERSON wanted to get a shorter cut . The barber spent half an hour cutting PERSON 's hair . PERSON liked his new look and gave the barber a handsome tip .	I shaved my head . My hair was in inch and a half long . My girlfriend and I went to my mom 's house . I took off my clothes except my underwear . I used an electric razor .	PERSON really needed a haircut but did n't have much money . She asked her parents , but they did n't have much money either . She came up with an idea to raffle off her radio at school . She sold 85 tickets at a quarter a piece . It was just enough for a haircut , and now she looks swell !	PERSON was getting a haircut at the barber shop . The barber did not understand what PERSON wanted . He ended up shaving PERSON 's head . PERSON was very upset . He went home and bought a wig .	PERSON needed a haircut . One day she went to a salon . The salon gave her a haircut . She loved how healthy her hair felt . She made a plan to come back in three months for another haircut .	PERSON hated having to start high school with long shaggy hair . But he knew his mom could n't afford a haircut on her tight salary . PERSON , resolute , went to the school with his head held high . And there , he saw that the other boys had long shaggy hair , too . PERSON 's hair was n't ugly after all - it was very stylish !
found	PERSON found a wallet on the street . It was full of cash ! PERSON needed money , but he knew he had to do the right thing . He contacted the owner of the wallet . The owner was so happy , he rewarded PERSON with $ 100 !	PERSON saw a Wanted poster in the grocery store . Later that night , she saw a man who looked just like the photo ! She called the police quickly and gave them the information . Thanks to PERSON 's help , the police caught their criminal . Later , the police chief called PERSON to personally thank her .	PERSON found a gold ring in the school bathroom . It was lovely and she wanted to keep it . But her conscience would not let her . Instead , she took it to the lost and found room . Soon it was claimed by a very grateful girl !	PERSON found a wallet on the ground . She decided to try to return it . She looked at the name and address on the license . Then she packaged the wallet and mailed it to its owner . The next week she received a thank-you note in the mail !	PERSON was jogging one day . Suddenly she spotted something on the ground . It was a dropped cell phone ! She scrolled through it to fine the emergency contact . Then she returned the phone to its grateful owner !	PERSON saw Lost Dog posters all over neighborhood . Then one day she saw the dog ! She coaxed it over with a treat . Then she dialed its owners . The dog 's owners were so grateful to PERSON !	Kia 's dog ran away . She was heartbroken . She put up signs all over . Soon a neighbor returned her dog . Kia was so grateful !	PERSON lost her golden ring at school . She looked everywhere , but it was gone ! Without hope , she checked at the Lost And Found office . And there , to her shock , she retrieved her ring ! PERSON was so happy that some honest student had returned it .	Ina found a golden ring in the hall at school . It was lovely and looked expensive . PERSON wished she could keep it . But she knew she had to do the right thing . PERSON took the ring right to the Lost And Found office .
happy birthday	Heathers mom 's birthday is today . PERSON waited until the last minute . She waited so long to get something she almost forgot . PERSON went to the store looking around . She decided to get a bouquet of flowers for her mother .	PERSON was having a birthday party at her house . She could not wait to blow out the candles on her cake . Before , the cake , PERSON played games with her family and friends . PERSON 's mother brought out the cake . PERSON finally got to blow out the candles on her birthday cake .	PERSON wanted to make an extra special birthday cake for her daughter . She baked a Bundt cake , frosting it in a pretty shade of pink . The cake looked plain , and PERSON piped on a border but was n't happy . Her eyes fell on the girl 's toy box , and she was suddenly inspired . Placing a doll in the center made the cake into a wonderful skirt !	On one of my birthdays I was sick . Nonetheless many people came for my birthday party . We were celebrating and many people were sad . Things changed though when my mom took out the chicken nuggets . We then learned that chicken nuggets can serve as a cure !	PERSON walked to his mailbox . It was almost his birthday . He was expecting a letter from his mom . He has n't seen her since she was deployed . PERSON grabbed a letter with a big smile .	For my twentieth birthday , my friends decided to surprise me . I was on my way to lunch from church and they kidnapped me ! The covered my face and stuffed me in a car . When I arrived to the party I almost cried from their kindness . It was the best birthday I 've had .	PERSON 's birthday is coming up . She asks her mom if she can have a party . Her mom says no . On her birthday she decides to go shopping with a friend . When she gets home she walks into a surprise party !	PERSON is making pancakes for her sister 's birthday . PERSON is n't quite sure how to make them . She tries following a popular recipe . She waits for her sister to try her pancakes . They were raw in the middle .	PERSON woke up alone on his birthday . He looked all around his house but no one was home . PERSON was sad to be alone on his birthday . Suddenly , his family and friends jump out and reveal a surprise party ! PERSON had a great birthday with his friends and family .
tooth fairy	PERSON 's tooth fell out . She placed it under her pillow before going to sleep . In the middle of the night , I placed a dollar under the pillow . She woke up and removed her pillow . She was extremely excited .	PERSON had a loose tooth . He wiggled it with his tongue at school . The tooth fell out at lunchtime . PERSON put his tooth under his pillow that night for the Tooth Fairy . When PERSON woke up the next morning , he found a shiny gold coin .	PERSON had her suspicions about the tooth fairy . Why would anyone want someone else 's old teeth ? So when she lost a tooth , she set up her brothers spy camera . When she woke in the morning there was money under her pillow . On the video she did n't see anyone putting it there !	PERSON lost her tooth . She put it under her pillow . When she woke up she saw something . There was money . The tooth fairy came .	PERSON had just lost a tooth that day . He was very proud and put it under his pillow . At night , he faked to be asleep to catch the tooth fairy . When he saw his mom slip money under his pillow , he smiled . So the mystery was solved : his mother was the tooth fairy !	PERSON lost her tooth yesterday . She went to sleep and when she woke up she found something . She got a dollar from the tooth fairy . PERSON was happy and went and bought candy with it . She could n't wait to lose more .	PERSON got a visit from the Tooth Fairy when she lost her first tooth . When she realized she 'd get money for teeth she started scheming . She might have only been six but she was smart . She had a container of shark teeth her grandfather had given her . She put them under her pillow but she did n't fool the Tooth Fairy !	PERSON went to the dentist . She had a tooth extracted . She asked to keep the tooth . She put it under her pillow . The tooth fairy never came though .	PERSON had a baby tooth fall out . Her mom told PERSON to leave it under the pillow for the tooth fairy . PERSON was so excited she could n't sleep . That night PERSON 's PERSON took her tooth from under the pillow . PERSON was amazed her Mom was the tooth fairy .
volunteer	PERSON wanted to help out in her town . She hated seeing the poverty around her . So after school , she went to work in a soup kitchen . There , she doled out meals and even blankets . It made PERSON feel good about herself .	PERSON took a gap year after high school . But while she was finding herself , she wanted to be useful . She signed up as a volunteer firefighter in her town . That year , PERSON fought six fires , and saved lives and homes . Looking back , she was very proud of her gap year !	PERSON and I volunteered at a local church one year . We handed out food and set up plates for a barbecue . When I asked her why she did it she said that she needed the hours . After it was all over we both volunteered more at other places . The next year we both volunteered at the same event again !	PERSON wanted to volunteer at a nursing home . PERSON 's mom took her to a nursing home near their house . PERSON filled out an application to volunteer . The director showed them around the building . PERSON 's first day of volunteering is next week .	PERSON volunteered at a local hospital . She cleaned and talked to patients . Every day she learned something new about medicine . PERSON realized she loved working in the hospital . She decided she would become a doctor !	PERSON wanted to volunteer somewhere . She was homeschooled and had free time during the day . One day she went for a bike ride . She saw a retirement home and stopped there . She began volunteering there the next day .	PERSON was in Girl Scouts . She had to do a lot of volunteering . She had a lot of good experiences doing it . It really helped her in life . Now she has her own kids volunteer !	A young female caught my attention . She needed audience members for her speech assignment . I volunteered to help her out by listening to her . The speech went extremely well and I also made a few friends . I exchanged numbers with the girl afterwards .	My niece went to see the principal of her daughter 's high school . Her daughter had compplained of bullying . My daughter had a retired schoolteacher volunteer to help my niece . At the meeting everybody denied bullying and there was no proof . My niece was angry and felt the volunteer did not do enough for her .
dogs	PERSON is very lonely . She lives alone . One day she decides to get a dog . The dog is very friendly . PERSON is not lonely anymore .	PERSON wanted to breed French Bulldogs . One day , she bought two French PERSON for breeding . The girl bulldog jumped a fence . She got pregnant with a basset hound . Now PERSON has to try to sell other puppies .	PERSON loved dogs . He was a vet at a local vet hospital . He saved his neighbor 's dog one day . The owner was grateful to PERSON . PERSON was happy he was a vet .	Why do dog owners tell people their dog wo n't bite ? A little boy told me that a while ago . I walked passed the dog and it bit me . I had to get forty shots to prevent disease . Now I do n't like dogs or little boys .	PERSON wanted a dog . She went to the shelter and met with every dog that was there . Each dog was so cute and sweet , she could n't decide . Finally , she settled on a dog with only three legs . PERSON loves her dog very much .	PERSON hated dogs . They always barked at him . PERSON said it was because he did n't have his own dog . PERSON decided to buy a dog . To his surprise , he loved the dog he bought .	PERSON has a dog named LOCATION . She is n't a smart or obedient dog . One day , PERSON took LOCATION to a class to train her . At the end of the class , LOCATION was able to sit when commanded . PERSON 's dog , LOCATION , still is n't very smart .	PERSON got a new dog for his birthday . The dog was big and gray . PERSON would take the dog to the park everyday . PERSON would n't use a leash . PERSON lost the dog in two weeks .	I am very allergic to dogs . The other day I went to the park with my friends . There were dogs everywhere . I could n't get away from them . I had a really runny nose the rest of the day .
new ipad	PERSON really needed a new iPad . Her original one was getting old . She needed something to surf on . She decided to drive to the Apple Store . Luckily she picked up a gold one .	PERSON ordered a new ipad . He was excited about finally receiving it in the mail . When he got home , he ran to check the mail . The box was waiting for him . He opened it and his ipad was completely shattered .	Yesterday I got a brand new ipad . I absolutely loved it when I opened it . However to my dismay the iPad stopped working . I was horrified . I ended up having to get it fixed .	PERSON loved her new iPad . She took it everywhere with her . One day she took it to the park . To her dismay the iPad fell out of her hands . It ended up smashing .	PERSON wanted an iPad . She thought it would be great . Finally she convinced her parents to get one . When she opened it up it was perfect . She could n't wait to use it .	PERSON 's laptop broke and she was in desperate need of a replacement . Luckily she found out she could do everything she needed to do on iPad She decided to purchase the iPad mini . After deliberating for a while she went with the silver model . In the end it was a great choice and she was happy .	PERSON decided to get a new ipad She was in the midst of getting the brand new one . As she arrived at the LOCATION LOCATION they were having a sale . PERSON got all excited . She immediately picked up the gold one she wanted .	PERSON wanted a new iPad . She wanted the biggest one . She did not want to settle . So she went and bought one . She was happy with her purchase .	PERSON wanted an iPad . She begged for it . Finally she looked under the tree . She saw one . She immediately hugged her parents .
the mouse	PERSON saw something scurry across her floor . It was a mouse ! She was terrified . She jumped onto the kitchen counter and screamed . Her husband came and killed the mouse .	PERSON and PERSON bought a house . the first night they stayed there they kept hearing noises . They began to hear it more often as they were there longer . One day they hear it and got up to check it out . It was a cute little mouse so they trapped and killed it .	PERSON was at home sitting in his chair when he heard rustling . As he looked over he seen a mouse running into a hole . Since mice scared him he became frantic . He called his brother who helped him trap the mouse . They released the mouse in the woods and they were all happy again .	PERSON was making coffee in her kitchen late one night . Suddenly she heard something scurry by her . She searched the floor and discovered a mouse darting about . She shrieked and tried to chase it down to no avail . Instead , she set a few traps before returning to bed .	June and her toddler daughter were in the kitchen for breakfast . A large mouse strolled across the kitchen floor . June screamed and threw her spoon at the mouse . She took her daughter and ran from the house . She did not return until exterminators took care of the mouse .	PERSON was writing new music . She was a famous singer . She had a new album that was due out in a few months . When the album was released , the reviews were great . The album sold a million copies .	PERSON was home alone with her son when she saw a horrible sight . In her kitchen there was a mouse ! She did n't know what to do without her husband there . She decided to get a bowl to trap the mouse underneath . The mouse stayed trapped under the bowl all day until her husband came	PERSON had been working for twelve hours straight . Her hands were getting tired from typing and using her mouse . Her boyfriend brought her a gift . It was a new mouse ! It was large and easy to hold and made her hands feel better .	I went to the store today . While I was there I bought some gum . After chewing the gum and getting home I wanted to throw it away . I went and opened the trash can . Inside the can was a mouse on a sticky trap wiggling around .
the babysitter	PERSON hired PERSON to babysit her kids . PERSON showed up with toys and games . They read lots of books and sang songs . The kids went to bed on time and the house was spotless . PERSON recommended PERSON to all her friends !	PERSON was a full time babysitter who loved her job . She was highly recommended and everyone loved her work and price . When the PERSON 's hired her they were shocked when they got home early . They found her with a boy in their living room and she was also drunk . PERSON was fired and no one wanted to hire her after that day .	PERSON 's mom told her to babysit her little brother PERSON . PERSON was annoyed because she would rather go to the mall . PERSON asked PERSON to play a game . The two ended up having a lot of fun together . PERSON said that she would babysit PERSON any time .	PERSON 's mother and father wanted to go on a date . They hired a babysitter . The babysitter played games with PERSON . They had a lot of fun . When PERSON 's parents came home , she was fast asleep .	PERSON showed up to babysit the kids . She brought books and crafts . She thought they would all have a fun time . The kids threw things and tied her to a chair . She never babysat those kids again !	PERSON began babysitting her mother 's employer 's son . She found a disturbing photograph in the house . She was bewildered by the photo . PERSON questioned her mother 's boss about the picture . She was reassured her that it belonged to her eldest son .	PERSON was a willful child without a strong adult figure . As a result of her willfulness , very few people wanted to watch her . One day , a college girl named PERSON watched after PERSON . She realized that what PERSON needed was somebody to care about her . PERSON decided to babysit PERSON and provide her with stability .	PERSON was excited to be allowed to babysit her brothers . She would have a legitimate reason to boss them around . Her brothers were not so excited . They made a plan . They agreed it was worth the 2 week grounding afterwards .	PERSON was being left with a babysitter for the first time . She was nervous . She accidentally spilled her cup of milk . The babysitter smiled and helped her clean it up . PERSON felt comfortable with the nice babysitter !
paper	Someone asked me to help them with a paper . It was about autism . I knew it was because my son is autistic . I agreed to help . I changed my mind when I found out she just wanted me to do her work .	I turned off my computer and picked up a notebook . The paper felt alien to my hands . The pen felt like a friend I did n't know anymore . I could n't decide on what I should write about . I spent most of the time staring at the blacked-out screen .	PERSON 's homework was due today . She did n't have it complete . She stole PERSON 's homework and turned it in with her name on it . The teacher knew that PERSON had n't done that work . PERSON was suspended from school for a week .	PERSON is taking three classes . Each class wanted her to write a paper . She was very overwhelmed . Fortunately , she was able to finish them all on time . She got an A on each one .	PERSON had a research paper due in a week . But he procrastinated the paper all semester . He decided to work on the paper as much as he could all week . But he ended up procrastinating that too . Thankfully , his teacher allowed him more time to finish .	PERSON was an office worker . PERSON would occasionally work from home . PERSON would hold sensitive work documents at home . PERSON thought he should buy a paper shredder to be safe . PERSON used the shredder on every document and felt smart to do that .	PERSON forgot her school papers in her locker . She knew she had an essay to write . But she did not have the paper with the directions ! She hurriedly e-mailed her teacher for help . Luckily , he sent her a new copy of the paper .	PERSON had a research paper due in a week . He procrastinated his paper til the last day . PERSON tried pleading to his teacher for an extended deadline . His teacher agreed to extend the due date at the cost ten points . PERSON managed to finish the paper and get a good grade .	PERSON was an avid writer . He would write for fun and for school . One day Morgan 's teacher gave him a big paper to write . PERSON did n't like the topic , so he delayed . PERSON got a bad grade and his teacher was shocked at him .
PERSON 's walk	PERSON went for a walk to get some fresh air . He loved to walk in the woods . Today there was a bike race on his favorite trail . He did n't realize it until a biker almost hit him ! PERSON walked back home , feeling defeated .	PERSON walked to school . Suddenly , a dog ran out from a yard and began to chase her . She ran as fast as she could to get away from the dog . Eventually , the dog caught up to PERSON and wanted to be petted . She petted the dog , it went away , and she continued on her way .	PERSON took his dog for a walk . He went down to the end of the block . His friend PERSON was there with his dog . PERSON and PERSON talked while their dogs played . The boys said goodbye and went back home .	PERSON walked to PERSON 's party . PERSON 's party is near a fire-station . On PERSON 's walk to the party , a fire-truck left the station . PERSON watched the fire-truck drive toward the location of PERSON 's party . PERSON became very worried that PERSON 's party was on fire .	PERSON decided to go for a walk . While walking , she tripped and fell . She broke her leg . A passing driver stopped to help PERSON . The driver took her to the hospital to receive treatment .	PERSON likes to take her dog PERSON for a walk in the afternoons . PERSON minds really well , so PERSON does n't use a leash . Last Saturday , PERSON saw a squirrel and ran out in the road . Luckily she did n't get hit by a car . PERSON now puts PERSON on a leash when she takes her outside .	PERSON decided to go for a walk . While walking , she tripped and fell . She broke her leg . A passing driver stopped to help PERSON . The driver took her to the hospital to receive treatment .	PERSON has a dog named Lilo . PERSON took PERSON for walk . Lilo rolled around in dirt during his walk . PERSON had to take Lilo to the groomer . When Lilo came home from the groomer , he looked beautiful and clean .	PERSON was tired of being stuck in the house all alone . She decided to go for a walk . She saw a stray dog while she was out walking . She decided to take the dog home with her . PERSON now has a new friend to spend time with .
trip to LOCATION	PERSON and her family took a trip to LOCATION . The family was super excited . They could n't contain their excitement . The moment they got to the park they took pictures . At the end of the day they spent ten hours at the park .	It was Valentine 's Day . PERSON decided to take PERSON to LOCATION . He thought it would be romantic . It certainly was . The two never had more fun .	PERSON wanted to go to LOCATION . She wanted to go to LOCATION LOCATION . When she got there it was great . She absolutely loved it . She could n't wait to go back .	PERSON wanted to go to LOCATION . She wanted to look at her ancestry . So she decided to have a girls trip . But unfortunately her friends got sick . So she had to cancel the trip and could not go .	Last week I came back from LOCATION . The trip was absolutely amazing . I do n't think I had a better trip . We stayed for about three weeks . I ca n't wait to go back next year .	PERSON was going to take a girls trip to LOCATION LOCATION to have some fun . The girls were excited to get away and go to the beach . The second the girls stepped foot on the beach , they got in the water . The water was amazing and the girls had a blast swimming . Time flew by as the girls spent three hours in the water .	I went on vacation to LOCATION . In the shower in LOCATION , there was a cover on the drain . Every day we removed the cover and the maid put it back . One day a cockroach crawled out from the drain . We realized why the cover was there and we put it back .	PERSON had to go on a family trip to LOCATION . She was not excited about it . Actually it made it frustrated . She thought there would be nothing to do there . Yest thankfully she ended up liking it a lot .	In 1974 I took a boat to LOCATION . The ride from LOCATION took three hours . There was a two hour layover before the return trip . I got home very tired . When I went to bed my body felt like it was swaying .
laundry	PERSON had no clean clothes so she decided to do laundry . She piled all of her whites into the washer . When the buzzer dinged , she opened the washer and saw pink ! A red sock had been hidden in the load and dyed the clothes . Now all of PERSON 's clothes are ruined .	My husband was doing the laundry . Later , he asked me if I had seen his wallet . I became worried and went to the dryer . Sure enough , my husband had washed his wallet with his pants . Now , he always double checks all the pockets .	I try to do Laundry twice a week . Last week I managed to get it all done in one day . Until PERSON came home and cleared out his closest . I made him wash his own clothes that night . Now he knows to put them in the Laundry .	I noticed my dresser was getting empty . I went to the laundry room and saw the mountain of dirty cloths . I did the laundry until the mountain was gone . I then folded all the cloths and put them away . My dresser was completely full once again .	PERSON needed his laundry done . PERSON gathered his laundry . PERSON visited a nearby laundry shop . PERSON dropped his laundry off . PERSON returned the next day to retrieve his clean clothes .	It was the weekend and PERSON had no school . He wanted to relax for the rest of the day . But his mom made him wash his and her clothes . He was mad that he had to wash . It ruined his day .	PERSON went to the laundry room to do her laundry . She sorted the dirty laundry into colors . She put the colors in different washers and put coins in to pay . She dried the clothes and folded them . She went home .	My wife put my laundry in the dryer . The dryer stopped running . I pulled the dry clothes out of the dryer . I folded my laundry . I put the laundry in their drawers .	PERSON took her clothes to the laundry cleaners . She placed her clothes in the washer . She left the store and grabbed lunch . Afterwards she came back to check her clothes . Her clothes were stained pink because she forgot to separate colors .
travel	PERSON loved to travel . He visited the LOCATION LOCATION many times . PERSON thought going to LOCATION would be cool . PERSON planned a trip to LOCATION with his girlfriend . When he got there , he proposed to his girlfriend .	A man got some wanderlust . He decided to sell his belongings . He sold all he owned . He took the money to go travel . He felt like a new man .	PERSON loved to travel . PERSON decided to travel to LOCATION . The plane ride was very long . PERSON arrived in LOCATION . After a week , PERSON decided he would live in LOCATION .	PERSON has to go to cali . She has never taken a plane before . She was scared but asked everyone around her . She got on the plane . She went to cali .	I applied to a field auditor job . The manager told me that it would require lots of travel . I told her I loved to travel . Thus , she gave me the job . Alas , the travel was to boring cities like LOCATION LOCATION and LOCATION .	A man desired to travel the world . He made that the most important thing in his life . He saved for years to travel the world . He eventually traveled the world . He reached his goals of traveling and felt gratified .	PERSON and PERSON decided to go on vacation to LOCATION . It was their first flight together . When sat on the plane , both got really nervous . During the flight everything was going great . They made it safely and enjoyed their vacation .	The man got ready to travel . His wife reminded him of some things . He took his wife 's advice . Later he needed an item . It was an item that the wife had reminded him about .	PERSON hated traveling . He had to go to another state for work . PERSON bought a train ticket because he did not want to fly . The train was delayed and PERSON missed a big meeting . PERSON swore that next time , he would fly .
escape	On January 10 , 2011 I saw a mouse run under our oven . I put a sticky trap under the oven . That night I heard a squeal . I went to kill the mouse , but it had escaped . I bought new traps but I never got the mouse .	I had just turned 15 years old . I tore the wire in my window . I pushed a suitcase of my things through it . I climbed out and ran for my life . I would never return to that house again .	PERSON hated her family . Her stepfather was very cruel to her . One day , he beat her and her little sister terribly . PERSON was determined to escape and made a plan . On the day of her escape , her stepfather died in a car accident .	PERSON was filling up at a gas station . Suddenly , a car pulled up very close . The window rolled down , revealing a woman with a black eye . She asked PERSON for help to skip town and escape her boyfriend . PERSON gave her a hundred dollar bill , wishing her well .	PERSON was an interpreter in LOCATION . He was on a convoy in the desert , when they hit a mine . PERSON was taken captive by ISIS . He pretended to convert to Islam . He dressed up in a burqa and was able to escape as a woman .	PERSON wanted to escape from prison . He bided his time and came up with a plan . One dark night , he set the plan into action . Sadly , it did n't work . PERSON 's escape attempt was stopped and punished .	PERSON 's pet snake escaped one day . When he got home from school , he noticed it missing . He looked all over ! Finally he found it behind his bed . Relieved , PERSON put the snake back in its tank .	One day my dogs were running around in the backyard . We have a small hole in the fence , and they got out ! We searched around the neighborhood and finally found them ! Turns out they did n't make it further than my neighbors house . He said they were very cute and behaved in his home .	The thief told the cashier to give him all the money in the machine . As soon as he received it , the cops broke into the bank . He ran towards the back door since no one was there . Instead of chasing him , the cops tried to drive there . The thief eventually lost them .
close call	I was driving home from a visit with my family . A red car passed me speeding . It suddenly started to rain . The red car lost control and spun several times . Because I was going slower he missed hitting me .	PERSON was driving to work . He stopped at a red light . He looked in his mirror and saw a semi come barreling towards him . He pulled to the side of the road and to avoid the collision . The semi struck the car in front of him .	PERSON was hurriedly driving home from work . Out of nowhere , a deer skittered onto the road in front of him . PERSON slammed on his brakes as hard as he could . Fortunately , he avoided hitting the deer . The deer then pranced off of the road .	PERSON was walking home one day . She was texting her mom as she walked . Suddenly a car almost hit her , as she was not paying attention ! PERSON was terrified ! She vowed never to text and walk again !	PERSON was a truck driver . He spent large amounts of time on the road . One evening , he spotted a wounded deer by the side of the road . He loaded the deer into his truck to drive to the vets . The vet managed to save the deer just in time .	PERSON was walking his dog early one morning . Before he could get too far from his house , he saw another animal . When he saw several more in the road , PERSON realized they were coyotes . He scared the pack off by banging a shovel on the pavement . PERSON stopped walking his dog without a shovel after that .	I was working the register at the local drug store . Storm clouds began accumulating , with the sky darkening . There was a sudden crack of thunder and flash of lightning . My register shut off and the lights went out . The bolt had struck only a few feet from the entrance to the store !	PERSON liked to ride her bike on weekends . One weekend she decided to ride her bike in the country . She enjoyed the ride until some dogs started to chase her . One of the dogs got close enough to nip PERSON 's heel . PERSON decided to stick to riding her bike in the city .	PERSON was going to buy a house in a quiet little town . The deal fell through and he ended up living in the city . Barely a month later a tornado tore through the small town . It utterly destroyed the house PERSON had planned on buying . He felt relieved that things had worked out the way they had .
moving day	PERSON 's parents told her that they were moving . She was bereft at having to leave her friends . She said a tearful goodbye to her best pals . At her new school , it took awhile to become comfortable . Soon however she had made new friends .	PERSON was getting ready to move to a new house . He packed up all his possessions into boxes . When the moving truck came he helped load everything . At the new house he helped them unload everything . When he was done he was so tired !	PERSON was moving to LOCATION LOCATION . He packed up everything in his house in boxes . When the moving company came for the boxes , PERSON heard a loud MEOW ! He had accidentally packed his cat , Fluffy , in a moving box ! John let Fluffy out of the box and gave her a big hug .	It was the end of an era . PERSON and PERSON were moving out of their old place . They had lived their all throughout college . The move was bittersweet . The new house was going to be great .	LOCATION and PERSON had been dating for a while . LOCATION lived several hours from PERSON and wants to move closer . PERSON is helping her find an apartment closer to his town . An apartment right down his street opened up . LOCATION is getting ready for the move this weekend .	It was finally time for moving day . The big yellow truck pulled into the driveway . We had all our boxes packed up . The movers got a call from their boss . They had to leave before we had even loaded a single box .	When PERSON turned 18 he wanted to move out of his parent 's home . He had worked hard and for two years saved money . For a couple weeks prior he started searching through the classifieds . He was able to tour a few places and he decided which place he wanted . He paid all his deposits and his parents helped him move his stuff .	PERSON was a single mother to two young boys . She did it alone for many years . One day her son 's father asked her to marry him . She agreed and decided to move in with him . PERSON and her boys moved into the large house and we 're happy .	The moving van arrived promptly at nine o'clock . The movers carefully loaded the van with my valuables . Then they drove the van down a dusty and bumpy road . It seemed like hours before they finally arrived at my new home . The movers slowly unloaded the van and I was finally at my new home !
credit card	I finally paid off my credit card . I had been paying on it for months . A year ago , I had used it to pay for an online class . I almost paid it off , then I used it to pay for a vacation . Finally , both the class and the vacation are all paid off .	PERSON got offered a credit card . She accepted the offer . She thought it would be good to build up her credit . PERSON then started to spend too much money . PERSON is now in debt .	PERSON had just turned 18 years old . He wanted all of the responsibilities and freedoms of an adult 's life . PERSON applied for a credit card at a booth at his school . PERSON was happy to learn he was approved for the credit card . PERSON was excited and proud to embark on adulthood owning a credit card .	I yelled at a telemarketer yesterday . He wanted to sign me up for a new credit card . He said I could use it to pay for a fancy vacation . I got really mad because he told me to be irresponsible . I hung up the phone on him .	The bank employee investigated credit card fraud . She found that one card was used to buy five hundred gift cards . She contacted the card owner . The card owner had n't made the purchases . The employee issued the card owner a different card to use .	PERSON decided to get a credit card . PERSON went shopping and used the credit card frequently . PERSON spent thousands of dollars with his credit card . PERSON realized he was in debt from his credit card spending . PERSON cut up his credit card .	PERSON went to get her credit card and could n't find it . She suspected her son had stolen it . She went to his room and asked him if he had taken it . Her son admitted that he had taken it to buy drugs . PERSON convinced her son to go into rehab .	PERSON got a credit card . He bought everything from clothes to shoes . He used the card to its limit . Now bill was broke . After making monthly payments , he had good credit again .	PERSON had never had a credit card her whole life . She noticed that her credit score was very low . PERSON applied for a credit card immediately . She made sure she paid her bill every month on time . Now her credit score is rising .
skateboarding	PERSON loved to skateboard . One day he asked his parents to go to a skate park . His parents said yes . His parents drove him to the skatepark . PERSON had fun at the skatepark .	PERSON 's friend PERSON bet him he could not skateboard down the big hill . He had n't done it before but he was n't afraid . Well , he was n't afraid until he was at the top of the hill . He was n't about to chicken out so he pushed himself forward . He made it to the bottom without falling !	LOCATION was skateboarding in his neighborhood with his friends . They dared him to do a trick on his board . Feeling cocky , he tried a trick he 'd never done before . He did n't land it right and hurt his ankle . He could n't skate for the rest of the month .	The boy got a skateboard for his birthday . He was very excited . He decided to try it out on the sidewalk . The boy fell and broke his arm . The doctor said he ca n't skateboard again for two months .	Skateboarding has always been held dear to me since I was 14 . Every night I 'd go out past my curfew and just ride until I collapsed . Nothing could stop me from pursuing my dreams of becoming a pro . Until one day , I did a trick and landed badly on my knee . I had to have a knee replacement , and there went my dreams .	PERSON wanted his son to get into a sport . PERSON 's son wanted to get into skateboarding . PERSON felt that a team sport would be better for socializing . But he relented and let his son take up skateboarding . PERSON 's son made friends at the skatepark , satisfying both parties .	When I was a kid my parents bought me a skateboard . I had always wanted to learn how to skateboard . I practiced riding it all the time . No matter how hard I practiced I could n't get the hang of it . I 'm really sad I could never get the hang of skateboarding .	PERSON loved to skateboard . One day , he fell off and injured himself . PERSON rushed to the doctors to see how bad it was . The doctor said PERSON just had a bruised elbow . PERSON now rides his skateboard with protection .	PERSON went to the skate park with his friend . He tried the half pipe for the first time . PERSON fell down going up the half pipe . Even though he fell , PERSON wanted to try again . On his second , try he made it up !
bad date	PERSON asked PERSON out on a date . PERSON accepted , and they went out for dinner . They had a very nice meal at a fine restaurant . After they ate , PERSON claimed that he had forgotten his wallet . PERSON never went out with PERSON after she paid for the meal .	PERSON went on a date with PERSON . She was excited at first . Yet when they went on the date it was terrible . PERSON kept talking about himself . PERSON did n't like that and did n't want to see him again .	PERSON was going on a date with Fran . When PERSON got there he waited a long time . An hour past . Finally he realized he was stood up . He regretted the evening .	Yesterday PERSON asked PERSON out for a date . He took her to the new restaurant . When they got there , the conversation was boring . PERSON really wanted to leave . She told tom she had to go to the restroom and never came back ,	PERSON agreed to go on a date with PERSON . She got ready and headed out . When she got there he was there . All he did on the date was complain . She no longer wanted him .	My friend PERSON is 42 and single . He met a woman on tinder and arranged a date . They met for drinks at a bar . The woman decided not to see him again . PERSON was despondent .	PERSON asked PERSON on a date . PERSON told PERSON to pick her up at six . PERSON arrived , but PERSON was late getting ready . They went eat , but PERSON complained about the food . PERSON dropped off PERSON and did n't ask her out again .	PERSON was set up on a blind date . She was excited for it . Unfortunately there was no physical attraction . He was awkward and annoying . PERSON cut the date short .	PERSON went on a date with a girl he met at a bar . He did n't remember much about her . The date went horribly . PERSON made up an excuse to leave early . He left and never talked to her again .
late night	PERSON had a lot of work to finish . He knew he would have pull an all-nighter . He decided to drink red bull . He then began to feel jittery . PERSON could n't focus anymore on his work due to the jitteriness .	PERSON considered himself a night owl . He could never go to sleep at a proper time . He tried all sorts of methods . None of them worked . Eventually he got a night job instead .	PERSON stayed up until 5 AM . And he did not feel like going to sleep . But eventually , he went to bed . And he dreamed he was late for school . PERSON woke up at 3 PM and missed the whole school day .	I love to stay up late and watch late night talk shows . I think the hosts are so funny . I also love to hear what all the celebrities have to say . Lately though I 've been real tired at work the next day . I 've switched to recording the shows and watching them during the day .	I started playing the game late one afternoon . After a few hours I knew I would n't be stopping for a very long time . I did n't stop when I got stuck for forty-five minutes fighting a boss . I did n't stop when I had to be at work in four hours . Finally when my alarm went off I fell asleep on the couch .	PERSON was at work . His wife was expecting him at home . PERSON lost track of time on a project . He did n't notice the missed messages from his wife . PERSON got into a big fight when he got home .	PERSON ran through the empty office to his cubicle . He forgot his briefcase at his desk . He knocked over a stack of papers and tripped to the ground . He lay there for a while and contemplated not getting up . PERSON got up and kicked the papers around even more .	I went out with my friends Friday night . We went out dancing . I played a few games of pool . I had a few drinks It was a good night .	Jan and her dad always watched a certain late night show . When PERSON 's dad died , she could n't bear to watch the show alone . One night , PERSON saw her son watching the show . She sat down beside him and soon felt a smile start on her face . Jan resumed the habit of ending each day with a reminder of dad .
help	PERSON was driving home from work one night . He saw a girl pulled to the side of the road . The girl 's tire was flat . PERSON pulled over and helped her change her tire.q The girl thanked him gratefully .	PERSON had a problem with drugs . She wanted badly to quit , but she lacked the will . Finally she decided to check herself into treatment . There , she finally cleared her head and got help . The rehab helped PERSON finally get clean for good !	Together , mom and son went to his class . They talked with his teacher about how he could make friends . The teacher said she had n't been able to focus on it much . She promised to help out , and began encouraging kids to talk to him . By the end of the week , he had a new best friend .	I could n't get the place clean alone . I had to go home and rest . When I got there , my husband arrived home from work early . He offered to go with me and help . Relieved , I took him with me and we cleaned up in no time .	PERSON was presented an amazing career opportunity . However , she would have to move far away from her sister . This was a hard decision since her sister a newly single mom . PERSON knew her sister needed her help because of this . She finally decided that she would n't accept the job .	PERSON was doing bad in school . He asked his teacher if he could have some help . She agreed to tutor him after class one day a week . Together they worked to improve PERSON 's grade . And it worked - PERSON went from a D to an A !	I needed someone to help me move furniture . I rented a large u haul truck . I called my cousin , and he agreed to come help . He arrived a few hours later . With his help , we completed the move in only a few days .	PERSON 's uncle PERSON was an alcoholic . The whole family wanted to help him . But nobody knew how , until PERSON had an idea . She started taking him to AA meetings five nights a week . Soon PERSON was drinking less and getting his life together !	PERSON was riding bikes with her friend PERSON . Suddenly , PERSON fell off the bike and scraped hurt her knee . She cried and told PERSON to get help . PERSON biked to her mother 's house and explained the situation . It was n't long before PERSON was bandaged up and brought home .
PERSON gets fired	PERSON is a cook . While at work PERSON begins cooking meals . While cooking a customer notices PERSON spitting in their food . They complain to the manger . PERSON gets fired from his job .	PERSON is working hard at her job . PERSON is called into the boss 's office . PERSON is told she is being let go . PERSON is sad . PERSON leaves her job to look for another one .	PERSON worked very hard at his job . PERSON was going to get promoted to manager . Something came up when they checked his background . He had committed an awful crime . PERSON does not get the manger job and loses the one he has .	PERSON is a school janitor . PERSON forgets to clean the boys bathroom . The next day the boys complain about the bathroom . The principle asks him to come to his office . He fires PERSON for not cleaning the boys restroom .	PERSON is working at his radio job . He is being a goofball on air . After the show his boss asks to speak with him . He is told that his behavior is unacceptable . PERSON is fired from his job .	PERSON was a fast food worker at wendy 's . He was working as a cashier one day . A customer comes up to complain to him . PERSON gets an attitude with the customer and tells them off . PERSON is shouted at by his boss and fired on the spot .	PERSON struggles to support his family . He often takes things home from work . PERSON 's boss finds out about this . PERSON is called into his boss 's office for a talk . PERSON is fired on the spot .	PERSON is a cook at a local Burger joint . PERSON 's boss has been keeping his eye on him lately . PERSON has been slacking a bit lately . One day PERSON decides to mouth off to his boss . PERSON was fired for cursing in front of customers .	PERSON was feeling sick . She could n't make it to work . She called her boss to tell him she would n't be at work that day . Her boss refused to sympathize with PERSON 's sickness . PERSON 's boss fired her the next day .
new television	PERSON loved watching tv . He could n't afford a bigger screen . For his birthday his friends decided to surprise him . They bought PERSON a new big screen tv . PERSON was so happy he cried .	PERSON had an old tv set . He wanted to get a new big screen . He looked up different options online . After reading reviews he made a choice . He loved it when it arrived .	PERSON went to a department store . He saw a tv on sale . He did n't want to buy it . His wife told him he could . He then bought it .	I bought a new television for the big game . The television got to my house just in time . All of my friends came over and watched the game . Many of them commented on my new television . I am happy with my new purchase and I want to buy another .	LOCATION wanted to buy a new television . He went online and read reviews . LOCATION decided on a television . He went to the electronics store . Cal bought the television he wanted .	PERSON 's old television broke . She finally decided to buy a new one . She ordered one online based on reviews . It arrived within a few days . She loved it and felt content with her choice .	PERSON wanted a new television . His old one barely worked . He saved up money for a few weeks . He looked up several reviews online and in person . Eventually he bought the perfect one .	PERSON bought a new video game system . He really liked it but felt it was missing something . His old television did n't let it look as good as it could . PERSON decided to get a new tv . He bought one and his gaming looked much better .	PERSON 's television recently stopped working . PERSON decided to look for a new television at Target . After looking at the selection , PERSON choose a 24 inch TV . Once home , PERSON decided to put the television above the fireplace . PERSON was glad with her choice of television for her home .
true love	PERSON and PERSON had been together since middle school . Now that they graduated college they wanted to get married . PERSON wanted to propose at a special place because he loved PERSON . One day he took her to their first date spot and popped the question . PERSON said yes and cried of excited in response to him .	A mill worker and a rich girl fall desperately in love . Separated by life , the boy goes to fight war , she returned to college . After many years , the boy returned back to his home town . The girl is engaged to another man and moves back to the same town . After seeing each other , it was clear their love never died .	PERSON had a crush on Padme since he was ten years old . He grew up and they reunited . He dreamed about her for years . They started spending time together and bonded . Eventually they started a relationship together .	PERSON worked in law enforcement . One of his coworkers was a great friend . Felicity really liked him , but he did n't want to date her . Finally she started dating , and he was jealous . They finally got together and got married !	PERSON met a girl named beverly . PERSON really likes beverly so he do efforts for her to noticed him . He gives her flower in the morning and chocolate in the afternoon . Because of that they became close friends . After five years , they became husband and wife .	PERSON had fallen in love with her boyfriend . She was scared to admit it however . One evening , her boyfriend got very drunk . As he laid on the sofa eating fries , he told PERSON he loved her . PERSON reciprocated the following morning .	PERSON wanted to find a person to spend his life with . He tried going out to bars , and that did n't work . He tried speed-dating , and that did n't work . Finally , he tried setting up an online dating profile . PERSON was matched with a nice person and enjoyed his relationship .	Penny and PERSON have been in love with each other for a long time . PERSON met PERSON at work . She had a fiance at the time they met . John never lost hope . Years later , they are happily married .	PERSON and PERSON first met each other at a grocery store . Their carts bumped into each other by accident . Their eyes met at first glance . They both knew it was love at first sight . They now live happily ever after .
speech	PERSON was having some issues with certain sounds . His teacher contacted his parents to let them know . The school go to the speech pathologist involved . She observed PERSON and found he did have a speech problem . She worked to get speech services in place .	PERSON was giving a speech at the rotary club . He invited his children to come listen to him . They showed up on time and gave him encouraging hugs . Then they attentively listened to PERSON 's speech . Afterwards , they told him how much they had enjoyed it !	PERSON has a speech to deliver to her class tomorrow . She was feeling nervous and did n't know what she would wear . PERSON went to the mall and picked out a dress to wear to class . She felt confident about herself and her presentation . PERSON got a good grade on her presentation and was thrilled .	PERSON had to do a speech for a college class . She was terrified of public speaking . When she finally had to do the speech , she accidentally misspoke . The class laughed with her good naturedly . After the speech , she realized even messing up was n't so bad .	My friend died . I went to his funeral . At the funeral I made a speech . The speech made me break down in tears . It was then that I realized the meaningfulness of our relationship .	PERSON had to make a speech in front of her whole school . She was very nervous . She hated public speaking ! But she rehearsed a lot and did her best . PERSON ended up giving a great speech !	The man gave a speech . He got very nervous . He forgot to say some of the speech . The message was not clear . The crowd gave the speech bad reviews .	PERSON wanted to give a speech to his entire company . He hired a speech writer . He rehearsed for weeks . He gave a great speech . His colleagues , subordinates , and managers enjoyed the speech .	PERSON was asked to give a speech at his local college . PERSON spent many hours preparing the speech . He asked his friends to listen to him practice . On the day of the speech , PERSON forgot many lines . PERSON decided to avoid giving speeches in the future .
chips	I wanted to save a little money at the store . I knew the kids wanted doritos . I saw a bag of doritos styled generic chips . They were only a dollar , so I bought them . The kids took one bite and I could tell they were disgusting .	PERSON wanted her grandma to buy some snacks . Her grandma was not fond of junk food . PERSON had been with her grandparents for 3 months . She had n't any chips in that entire time . She begged and begged , but her grandma refused to buy potato chips .	I asked CJ for some chips and salsa . He said they were all gone . I was really sad and hungry . He went to the store and bought some new chips and salsa . I was happy again .	PERSON bought some chips at the grocery store . She ate a few on her way home and noticed they were gross . Turns out they expired three weeks ago . PERSON turned around and went back to the store to return them . The manager gave PERSON two new bags of chips as an apology .	PERSON bought a bag of potato chips from the store . It was a huge bag meant for a family . But PERSON ripped open the bag and dove in . He did n't live that far from the store . Even still , he was finished by time he got home !	PERSON needed chips for her football party . But both grocery stores were sold out of tortillas ! She wondered what to do . Then she decided to cut up tortilla shells and fry her own ! Her homemade chips received many compliments at her party .	PERSON loved snack food . Chips were his favorite . He ate them every day for lunch . He finished off a large bag in just a couple of days . PERSON 's wife told him to eat healthier snack from now on .	PERSON was hungry . PERSON loved eating chips . PERSON drove to the store . PERSON bought chips . PERSON came home , and ate the chips to end his hunger .	PERSON was on the way to his sister 's party . When she called and told him to get more chips from the store . PERSON went to the store to look for chips . He found a good deal for chips and bought them . PERSON drove to his sister 's house with the chips .
burned	PERSON ordered a well done pizza . But when it arrived , she was shocked . The pizza was burned black ! She called the store and complained about the pizza . Soon they had a fresh pizza delivered to her .	PERSON fell asleep on the beach one afternoon . When she woke , five hours had passed ! With horror , she checked her pocket mirror . She was beet-red and very very burned ! PERSON was lucky she had not gotten sun poisoning .	PERSON was making pancakes . Then her phone rang , and she answered it . It was her best friend calling ! The two girls gossipped for a few minutes . Then PERSON realized that she had burned her pancakes !	PERSON liked to help his Mother make dinner . One evening Mother was boiling water to make Macaroni and Cheese . PERSON came to the kitchen to help as usual . He tried to look into the pot , but knocked the pot off the stove ! ` . The hot water burned PERSON 's foot badly .	PERSON was reading a book outside . She fell asleep in the lawn chair . The sun was shining brightly . PERSON was n't in the shade . PERSON got a sunburn .	I fell asleep on the beach one day . The warm sun lulled me , and I slept for hours . Then I awoke to serious pain . I had been burned very badly ! I vowed never to pass out on the beach again !	PERSON ordered chicken wings from her local pizzeria . But when they arrived , she was disappointed . The wings were very burned ! PERSON could n't help but call and complain . Soon they sent her a new order of fresh , tasty wings !	PERSON was making s'mores at the campfire one night . She was busy chatting and not paying attention . Suddenly she felt a burning - her stick had caught fire ! Her hand was burned badly . PERSON had to wear bandages for almost a month !	PERSON has red hair , brown freckles and pale skin . He usually avoids the beach because he burns so easily . Yesterday , however , his girlfriend made him go . She forgot to pack sunscreen . Now PERSON has red hair , brown freckles and red skin .
recycling	A neighbor kept parking his car in front of our recycling bins . This prevented the city crew from picking up our recycling . We left a note on the car but the practice continued . One day , in a rage , my wife dumped our recycling bin on this car . This car then stopped parking in front of our recycling bins .	I always try to recycle as much as possible . I separate things and take them to the right bins . Unfortunately the bins provided to us are always full . So I usually just wind up throwing everything in the trash cans . It 's hard to know who to blame in this situation .	I used to litter everywhere . One day , I threw a candy wrapper and a bird started to eat it . The bird choked on it before spitting it out . It made me realize how littering affects other organisms . Now I actively work to keep people from littering .	PERSON was signing up for new trash collection services . They asked if she would like recycling and she said no . Later that week she noticed bottles building up everywhere . She decided to call back and request the recycling service . Luckily , that helped to keep her house free of trash .	PERSON was homeless . He wanted to make some money to eat . He would go around picking up cans and bottles . It was barely enough to keep him from starving . He was indirectly helping clean up .	PERSON lived at a fraternity house . They had a lot of parties . They always had tons of empty cans afterward . PERSON would gather them up and take them to recycle . He made a good amount of extra money that way .	PERSON believed firmly in the cause of recycling . She decided to make her small town friendlier to recycling . She talked to her neighbors and organized meetings . After a lot of efforts , PERSON 's town finally had recycling bins . She celebrated by throwing a party using recycled paper for plates .	Kyle always tried to recycle . His friends never cared . He would always do it for them He would stay after parties collecting cans . The money he got paid for the effort .	PERSON cared about the environment . He always took his own bag grocery shopping . He saved hundreds of plastic bags by himself . It seemed like a small difference . But the numbers show a huge payoff .
the tornado	PERSON lives in LOCATION LOCATION . This part of LOCATION falls in the Tornado Ally zone . One day in May the sirens in her town went off signaling a Tornado . PERSON hid the closet at the center of her house as the Tornado passed . When she opened the closet door she saw her house was gone .	PERSON and his daughter lived in a mobile home in LOCATION . While watching the news , they heard there was a tornado coming . They quickly went to the neighbors storm cellar and waited . They hear loud noises and when the storm was over they came out . They felt very privileged to be alive when they saw the destruction .	A big storm was brewing . A tornado was spotted in town . The girls ran to the basement . The storm was very loud and scary . There was a lot of destruction in their town .	Late one evening , the tornado sirens sounded off around town . I gathered my family quickly . We headed immediately for the basement . The sounds we heard above we nightmarish . After it ended , we discovered that most of our house did not survive .	The city was getting ready to celebrate Christmas . All of a sudden a huge tornado loomed above . It destroyed half the town . Houses were lifted off the ground . Christmas will never be remembered the same .	We had a tornado come through our town today . We had to take cover in the basement . The sirens went off and they were loud . I was really scared . I had never experienced a tornado before .	PERSON went to visit his relatives in LOCATION LOCATION . When he arrived , the news reported a tornado coming . The tornado was one of the harshest in the town 's history . Schools , homes and hospitals were wiped out . PERSON ' relatives were homeless .	I went fishing one summer evening . It started to get dark quickly . It started raining before I knew it . I ran through the woods to may car . I saw trees toppling over from a tornado .	PERSON moved to a new city . It was in an area with tornadoes . PERSON had never experienced them before . The first time he had to deal with one was traumatizing . PERSON decided to move back .
stranger	PERSON had just moved to a small town and was looking for work . He was afraid that no one would hire him . His friends had told him that people in the town disliked strangers . After three weeks of job hunting PERSON began to get discouraged . Eventually , to his relief , the local hardware store gave him a job .	PERSON was on her way to class one day when she met a handsome boy . They struck up a conversation , but parted ways when PERSON reached class PERSON thought a lot about this boy during the next few days . Sitting at a coffee shop near campus , she ran into the same boy . To her delight , they exchanged phone numbers and planned a date .	PERSON sat next to a stranger on the bus . They began to chat as they rode . Soon they had introduced themselves . When PERSON 's stop came she got the stranger 's number . She called him soon after , and they ended up dating !	The man saw a stranger . The stranger seemed interesting . The man introduced himself . The stranger reciprocated . They got a drink together .	PERSON was in line for coffee . Suddenly he heard the woman in front of him speaking . She was telling the cashier she 'd forgotten her wallet ! PERSON stepped up quickly and offered to pay for her coffee . With a smile , she graciously accepted his offer .	I always come home late at night . I thought it was safe until one night something happened to me . A stranger come near to me and tried to grab my hand . I shouted until someone noticed us so the stranger ran away . From that night i never walk alone late at night .	PERSON notices someone following her home . She immediately goes of course . She hastily heads straight towards the police station . As she walks up the to the station she turns around . PERSON is relieved that it is her husband trying to get her attention .	PERSON was driving home one cold , rainy night . She saw a girl hitchhiking on the side of the road . PERSON knew it was dangerous to stop for strangers . But her conscience made her pick up the girl . The girl was so thankful for the warm , dry ride home !	PERSON was walking home from school . And he saw a man walking down the sidewalk while talking to himself . The man rummaged through garbage bins and put bottles in a cart . When PERSON reached his house , the man approached him . And PERSON ran inside .
the bet	A man walked into a casino and went to the roulette table . He slapped down a $ 5 bill on the table and asked for chips . The man placed a bet on black and won . He kept betting on black and soon he had thousands . The man threw his winnings up in the air and made it rain .	The friends were very competitive . They always bet on things . One day , they bet on who would finish their lunch first . They raced to eat their food . PERSON won , but they both felt sick at the end !	PERSON knew he was better at basketball than PERSON PERSON PERSON proposed a bet 100 dollars to the winner of the basketball game PERSON and PERSON battled it out for the money PERSON beats PERSON and PERSON Loses the bet	PERSON and his older sister PERSON were washing dishes . PERSON 's job was to dry them after PERSON washed . PERSON bet her young brother that she would finish before him . PERSON accepted the bet and dried the dishes as fast as possible . PERSON got angry while waiting for her to wash the last dish .	My friend and I bet my Subaru could n't follow his Jeep off road . For 45 minutes i followed him with no effort . I bet him $ 100 I could go somewhere his Jeep ca n't . I proceeded to drive between 2 trees that were to narrow for his Jeep . He was unhappy as he handed over the $ 100 .	PERSON and PERSON had a bet to see who could memorize more digits of pi . One week later they met up and each could recite exactly 100 digits . For a tie breaker , they each guessed at the 101st digit . PERSON guessed wrong and PERSON guessed correctly . PERSON won the best and PERSON had to pay him $ 31 and 45 cents .	PERSON bet me he could make me laugh in under a minute . I accepted the challenge . He made funny faces and sounds for thirty seconds . Switching tactics , he just stared at me . With one second left , I let out a chuckle .	PERSON bet john that it would rainy the next day . PERSON agreed to the bet . The next day came and it rained . John never paid PERSON the money for the bet though . PERSON and PERSON are no longer friends .	I bet my friend that I could get a girl to go on a date with me . He agreed to the bet . Alas , after two days no girl had accepted my offer . I decided to hire a girl to go on a pretend date with me . My friend paid the bet and I split the winnings with the girl !
PERSON 's party	PERSON was feeling a bit lonely . He decided to throw a party . He invited all his friends for a dance party at his house . He bought lots of food and balloons for the party . Unfortunately , nobody showed up for his party .	PERSON threw a party for all her friends yesterday . The day before she had to run a lot of errands for supplies . She went to the grocery store for food and drink . She went to the party supply store for streamers and candles . All Penny 's friends had a great time at her party last night .	PERSON was turning 16 Year 's old . Her best friend decided to throw her a surprise party . She invited all of PERSON 's friends over . She got a lot of food and a big cake . PERSON was so surprised !	PERSON threw a party one night . One of his friends brought alcohol . PERSON was tempted to drink the alcohol . After thinking about it , he decided not to . PERSON had made the right choice .	PERSON wanted to go to the party on Saturday night . His parents asked him to clean his room before he can go . PERSON decided not to clean his room at all . His parents explained that he ca n't go to the party . PERSON stayed home and cleaned his room on Saturday night .	PERSON was turning 21 at last . Her friends wanted to do something really special to celebrate . They got together for dinner without inviting her , to plan . PERSON found out they had dinner without her . PERSON was offended and stopped taking their calls .	PERSON was sad because he was far away from his family . He held a party to cheer himself up . PERSON invited all his work friends to come . The party was a huge success . PERSON felt better knowing his friends cared about him .	PERSON was drained after being sick all week . Her birthday party was tonight , but she was tapped out . Even though she was tired , she pushed herself to get dressed . Her guests started arriving around seven . By the time the cake was cut , PERSON felt much better .	PERSON wanted to throw a holiday party . He prepared by decorating his house and making a lot of food . On the night of the party he waited for his friends to arrive . After an hour of waiting , he was sad because nobody showed . He then realized that he forgot to invite anyone !
the pizza	PERSON hung up the phone . She 'd just ordered a pizza to her house . An hour later , the delivery man pulled up . He handed her a big , hot box . PERSON could n't wait to eat the whole pizza !	PERSON loved Italian food . Pizza was his favorite . He rolled out the dough . He added pepperoni and cheese . He loved to cook it on the grill .	PERSON and his brother were ordering pizza . They could n't decide what toppings to get . PERSON wanted pepperoni and his brother wanted sausage . They ordered half pepperoni and half sausage . Each brother had half of the pizza .	It was a day like any other , except it was n't . PERSON was getting a pizza , double pepperoni . He was informed it would be thirty minutes . The pizza man had seen his face before . He noticed he was n't wearing any pants .	PERSON was a pizza chef . He was great at throwing the crust high into the air . He would catch it and then throw it again . Then he would spread sauce and toppings on it . PERSON 's pizzas were the best .	PERSON threw the dough up in the air . He was making a pizza . He put the dough in the pan , then added the toppings . The pizza was thick and greasy . He gobbled it up when it came out of the oven .	The kids were eager for dinner to be ready . They were going to be eating pizza , their favorite ! The oven dinged and they ran to start eating . THey ate four whole pizzas on their own ! The next day , they asked for pizza again !	PERSON loved junk food . Pizza was his favorite ! He put piles of pepperoni on it . Then he sliced it into just four pieces . He ate the whole thing !	PERSON was cooking dinner . She made pizza dough from scratch . She spread the sauce on it . Then she added cheese and pepperoni . Her kids could n't wait to eat the homemade pizza !
smoker	A man sat in the corner of a dark room . He slowed pulled on a cigarette watching everyone . Suddenly he stood up , yelled , and pointed . Three men grabbed another who had just walked in . The man went back to smoking his cigarette .	PERSON had smoked since she was a teen . Then one day her little daughter PERSON approached her . PERSON begged her mommy to quit smoking . PERSON was so touched by PERSON 's plea . She vowed to start chewing nicotine gum that very same day .	I used to smoke a pack of cigarettes a day . I had tried many times to quit smoking . Finally , I was able to quit smoking by switching to e-cigarettes . Then I read that e-cigarettes are harmful to my health , too . Now I am trying to quit using e-cigarettes .	My son was seventeen years old . One day , I smelled something in his room . I opened the door and found him smoking . I scolded him and educated him on smoking . My son learned his lesson and never smoked again .	PERSON wanted to quit smoking - he smoked a whole pack a day ! He decided to cut down slowly , one cigarette per day . He tapered down very , very gradually to minimize withdrawal . Soon he was almost nicotine-free , and he was so proud . He kept with his program until he was a non-smoker !	PERSON had smoked cigarettes for years . He tried to quit but failed . He could n't even stop when his wife begged him . Then his baby daughter PERSON was born . From that day on , PERSON never touched another cigarette !	PERSON vowed to quit smoking cigarettes . He started chewing nicotine gum and wearing patches . He stuck to his plan for over a week . But then his cravings became too strong to resist . PERSON sadly went back to smoking cigarettes .	PERSON is a smoker . She smokes a pack of cigarettes a day . PERSON has started to feel sick . The doctor told her smoking will give her health problems . She decided to never smoke again .	My daughter 's college friend PERSON smoked a lot . PERSON 's sister PERSON got married shortly after graduation . A year later PERSON had a baby . PERSON told PERSON she could not see the baby if she smoked . PERSON gave up smoking .
PERSON buys a car	PERSON wanted a car of his own to drive to work . PERSON began saving money from his paycheck to buy a car . Eventually PERSON saved enough money to buy his very own car . PERSON went to a local car dealership and browsed the inventory . PERSON found a car he liked and bought it from the dealership .	PERSON was looking to buy a car . Her friend 's brother was selling a used car . PERSON went to see her the car . PERSON and the guy decided on a price for the car . PERSON bought the car .	PERSON knew he needed a new car . The one he had was starting to fall apart . One day fred 's old car blew up with the engine smoking . PERSON decided to get a tow truck to a dealership . Fred found the first car he could see and signed the lease .	PERSON was in need of a new car . Her old one was breaking down on the daily . She decided enough was enough . She headed down to the dealership to see if she could find one . She met a nice young man who sold her a brand new car .	PERSON was in need of his first car . He had saved all his money from working . PERSON went to the dealership . He saw a blue car he just had to have . PERSON ended up buying his brand new blue car .	PERSON needed a fresh set of wheels . He decided to go down to PERSON 's Auto . He asks them for a Red Corvette . PERSON is so excited when they show him one . PERSON buys his new dream car .	A man named PERSON needed a new car . He looked on craigslist and found an affordable one . He contacted the seller and made plans to meet him . He arrived , and traded cash for the car . He got into the car and it was in pretty good shape .	PERSON was looking for a new car . She was n't very rich . She decided to try a local dealer . The dealer worked with PERSON . PERSON bought a new car .	Teddy was looking for a new car . He decided to head to the dealership . He wanted to pick out the best one for him . He chose the ford mustang . PERSON was so happy with his new car .
gymnastics	PERSON is great at gymnastics . She has a competition coming up . PERSON practiced every day until the competition . She did very well at the competition . She brought home a gold medal .	PERSON put on a shiny leotard . She pulled her hair back into a ponytail . PERSON drove to the gymnasium . She checked in with her coach . PERSON went on the floor mats to do her gymnastics routine .	PERSON wanted to become an olympic gymnast . He asked his parents to enroll him in a gymnastics club . PERSON trained hard and kept his nutrition in check . Eventually , PERSON tried out for the olympic squad . Unfortunately , PERSON was n't good enough and his dreams were crushed .	I really enjoy participating in gymnastics . I started when I was in Kindergarten . My favorite area to practice on is the balance beam . I think it 's my favorite because it 's what I 'm best at doing . As a result , I do n't practice the vault as often and do n't excel here .	PERSON knew it was up to her . The rest of her team and already gone and it was her time . She got up on the balance beam . She performed an amazing routine . The judges scores came in , her team had won !	My daughter wants to take gymnastics classes . She has started to enjoy it since watching the olympics . I called around a few places close by . It is really expensive to send her . I think I may try out a month .	My little girl decided she wanted to be a gymnast . We signed her up at a gym . She tried to do flips , tumbles and the balance beam . It was a lot harder than it looked . Now my daughter wants to be a dancer !	I was always very good at gymnastics , I loved it . There was a big gymnastics meet coming up and I needed to be ready . I practiced for hours , so that I could do my best . On the day of the competition I performed my routine . My hard work paid off , because I won the competition .	Teddy hoped to be a star at gymnastics . He began taking classes at the local YMCA . Teddy 's instructor was harsh , but very skilled . Teddy felt that he was learning a lot . Teddy continued improving and his dream followed him much of his life .
halloween party	Amber planned a Halloween party She created a Facebook event and invited all of her friends She spent days shopping , setting up , and preparing When the night came , many guests showed up Every had a wonderful time in their costumes	PERSON got an expensive Halloween costume . He decided to wear it to a party . There was another person with the same costume at the party . PERSON was excited to see it . They both became friends over it .	Last Halloween my friends and I decided to throw a party . We invited everyone we knew and dressed up . I dressed up as PERSON PERSON . We had a great time . I ca n't wait to have another one .	PERSON was excited for her high school Halloween costume party . She invited the coolest kids and the whole football team . She knew if they all came she would instantly be a cool kid . The plan backfired and no one came but her best friend PERSON . She felt horrible and changed schools due to the embarrassment .	PERSON was invited to a Halloween party . At one point , the kids were blindfolded . Their hands were put into plates of food . PERSON knew the eyeballs were grapes and the brains spaghetti . Yet , he played along and gasped with the others .	PERSON had never volunteered at her daughter 's school . One day her teacher mentioned it and encouraged her to try . The next big event was Halloween so PERSON signed up for that . She ended up hosting a really fun class party . PERSON loved it and vowed to volunteer more at school .	I decided to have a Halloween party this year . I went to the store to buy lots of decorations and a costume . I decided to get the cowgirl costume after looking at dozens of options . The day of the party , I finished decorating and cooking with an hour to spare . I did n't win the costume contest but I still had lots of fun !	PERSON was 2 years old and going to her first Halloween party ! The party was at her grandmother 's house . At first , PERSON was very scared of the skeletons and decorations . Then her Mom and PERSON reassured her that they were just decorations . PERSON had a great time at the party !	PERSON wanted to attend her best friend Halloween Party . Her parents disagreed . She sneaked out anyway . PERSON was caught by her parents sneaking back into her room . PERSON is now grounded for a month .
the flowers	PERSON received flowers on Valentine 's day . She did n't know who sent them , since they were n't from her husband . Later that day , her husband saw them and got upset . He suspected her of cheating . They got into an argument and did n't talk the rest of the night .	The florist was hard at work . She was making a beautiful arrangement . The flowers were all fresh and beautiful . The arrangement was placed in a gorgeous vase . The bride cried when she saw the amazing work .	PERSON picked out a vase . She had a big bouquet of flowers to put in it . She set them on the kitchen counter . It was wonderful to have fresh flowers in her home ! PERSON stopped to sniff them as she walked by .	PERSON loved pretty things . Flowers were her favorite . She picked a bouquet of them from her garden . She put them in a vase and smelled them . They were the prettiest she had ever had !	PERSON enjoyed breezy , summer days . She would go outside during the nice weather . While outside , she would go for walks and pick flowers . Arriving home , PERSON would put the flowers in a nice vase . This allowed her to smell the wonderful scents all week long !	PERSON knew his mother like flowers . On his way home from school he seen a field of flowers . He picked a handful . When he got home he gave to his mom . She smiled and gave him a pat on the head .	Jasmine saw a delivery man walk up her front steps . He had flowers for her ! She did n't know who they could be from . There was no card . Jasmine was very perplexed !	I was going to get my girlfriend some flowers . I saw a great assortment in the store window . Unfortunately it was 80 dollars . I picked some flowers from the garden by the store . My girlfriend said they were beautiful .	PERSON loved gardening . She planned a bunch of flowers in the front of her house . She watered them every day . Soon , they were big and beautiful . They made PERSON smile every time she arrived home .
new laptop	I wanted to get a new laptop . I looked at the prices and specs of my choices online . With my husband , I chose a new laptop . It was pink and fast . I fell in love the second it arrived .	PERSON was looking for a new laptop . PERSON needed the laptop to be light , fast , and efficient . After researching , PERSON decided he would purchase a Mac Air . After purchasing , PERSON quickly realized he made the wrong decision . PERSON was not pleased with the operation of his new laptop at all .	PERSON 's computer was running slow . It was too outdated . PERSON searched online for a new laptop . He found a deal through eBay . PERSON got his laptop in the mail a few days later .	PERSON 's laptop broke yesterday . It was upsetting to her . She got a new one today . Luckily the new one is working . She knows now never to drop it again .	PERSON went laptop shopping yesterday . She went from store to store but could n't find anything . Finally she found something at Apple . When she went home , it worked perfectly . She was thankful she bought it .	PERSON wanted to buy a new laptop . He went to the electronics store to pick one up . A salesman showed PERSON his recommendations . He purchased a laptop the salesman recommended . PERSON was happy with his new laptop .	Marks laptop broke . He needed a new one . He looked online for a new one . He found one and ordered it online . He got it several days later and enjoyed it .	I finally was able to scoop up a new laptop yesterday . I drove to the Apple Store to look at the selection . Everything was beautiful . I found the MacBook Pro which I loved . I ended up purchasing that .	PERSON love her Sony laptop but it was getting worn out . It was time for a new one . She begged her parents but they said no . However to her surprise her parents got her an apple laptop . She felt elated .
loose tooth	PERSON had a loose tooth . One day during band class , he blew too hard into his trumpet . His loose tooth flew out of his mouth and right into the trumpet ! PERSON had to take the trumpet apart to get his tooth out . Everyone in the band laughed and laughed at the loose tooth problem .	PERSON had a loose tooth . She was eating her cereal one morning . Her tooth was hanging on by just a little bit . PERSON bit into something hard . She realized her tooth had come out in her cereal .	PERSON was very hungry . She opened the refrigerator to get a snack . Reaching for an apple she realized she had a very loose tooth . She wanted the apple it was her favorite . She had a great idea she put it in the microwave and made applesauce !	PERSON wiggled her tooth with her tongue . It was really loose and ready to come out . She tied a string to her tooth and then to her door . She quickly slammed the door shut . She grinned as she picked up her tooth .	PERSON was desperate to get her loose tooth out . She just could n't pull on it hard enough . Her brother tied a piece of string to it . The other end was tied to a doorknob . When he slammed the door the tooth came out .	PERSON could not get her loose tooth to come out . Finally her father gave her a sticky caramel lollipop . She started chewing on it . When she pulled it out of her mouth she saw her tooth . The sticky candy had pulled it out for her !	PERSON had been trying to pull her loose tooth out for days . She was afraid to pull it quite hard enough to get it out . Her parents kept trying to let them help but she said no . One evening her brother gave her a wad of bubblegum . She felt a tug as she was chewing as her tooth came out in the gum .	I was six years old when I lost my first tooth . I had been nervous to lose it because of my cousin . He told me how much it would hurt , and I fell into an uneasy sleep . I woke up to realize there was a small bloodstain on the couch . The tooth was out , and it had n't caused any pain !	PERSON had her first loose tooth . She could not get it to come out . Her friend gave her a handful of bubble gum . She put it all in her mouth . Within seconds her tooth got pulled out by the sticky gum .
saving money	PERSON knew the Christmas was 8 months away . PERSON wanted to make sure that she had enough money this year . PERSON started taking every extra dollar and saving it . PERSON did this until December when she was ready to shop . PERSON was happy to get everything she wanted to buy for Christmas .	PERSON had just had his birthday . His aunt had given him fifty dollars . PERSON did n't know what to do with the money . His parents suggested that he save the money . The put the money in the bank for him .	PERSON wanted PERSON to go to the bar tonight . PERSON is very broke , and ca n't spend any money tonight , so he says no . PERSON got really mad and punched PERSON for being a bad friend . PERSON ended up going out with PERSON to the city . When they got there , PERSON did n't buy a drink , so he still saved money .	PERSON wanted to buy a new car for himself . He eyed all kinds of models . They were all too expensive ! He saved up all summer long until he could afford one . By the time school started PERSON arrived in his new car !	PERSON wanted to buy a new videogame . His parents did n't want to get it for him . He started saving money . After a month he had enough to buy it . Jordan go the game and played it often .	PERSON wanted to save one hundred dollars for a vacation . She was really broke . She decided to open up a savings account . Every month she took 25 dollars out of her check . In four months she could pay for her vacation !	PERSON 's mom began to pay him an allowance . He worked hard at his chores to earn the allowance every week . He decided to save his money until he had $ 100 . He saved his money for ten weeks . His mother took him shopping at his favorite store .	PERSON needed to save money . She loved drinking coffee every morning . PERSON figured out it cost her hundreds a month . She decided to make her own coffee instead . PERSON was able to save money .	I got my heating bill . It was very expensive ! I decided to cut down on my heating expenses . I turned off the heater and used candles to warm the house . Now , my heating bill was zero dollars !
soup kitchen	On Thanksgiving , PERSON 's family worked at a soup kitchen . His job was to hand out rolls . He felt sad to see all the needy people . But he was happy that he was able to help them . He hoped his family would go back to help again next year .	PERSON ran an impromptu soup kitchen out of her home on Christmas . She had to think of cheap food to cook large amounts of . She made a lot of rice , pasta , potatoes , and the like . She also made her famous chicken noodle soup . PERSON served 224 meals to 224 hungry , grateful people .	PERSON works in a soup kitchen . One day a man came in . He was very hungry . PERSON offered him an extra portion of food . He was very thankful .	PERSON was annoyed at his mother . He wanted to enjoy a relaxing Thanksgiving at home . But his mother signed the family up to work at a soup kitchen . He spent all day handing out rolls . It was the best Thanksgiving he ever had .	PERSON was always up for volunteering during his spare time . Today , a friend of his asked him to help out at the soup kitchen . PERSON showed up on time and got instruction on how to serve . He spent the rest of the afternoon , serving lunch to everyone . He went out afterwards with his friend to discuss social issues .	I wanted to volunteer . I decided to volunteer at the soup kitchen . They made me hand out bread . I hated it . But , I realized that I got to make a difference in people 's lives .	One day Grace volunteered at the local soup kitchen . One of the homeless women gave her a hug . She hugged her back . That made Grace 's day . She was happier from then on .	PERSON worked as a volunteer at a soup kitchen near downtown . She came to work happy that day . The happiness stopped when a robber came with a gun . They did n't have a register so he made everyone give him their wallets PERSON is still traumatized by what happened that day .	PERSON opened up a lunch cafe . She was so excited on opening day when hundreds of people lined up . It only took her a few customers to realize the people were homeless . That is when she realized that she did something wrong . She should have never named her restaurant The Soup Kitchen .
weather	This December the weather has been exceptionally warm . My high school teacher told me about global warming many years ago . She said the government can change the weather . The government does it by sprinkling pellets on clouds . She never said what the pellets were made of .	PERSON had football tickets . He was excited and had been looking forward to this game . The weather forecast predicted rain . PERSON got to the game and it was rained out . He was not happy about wasting his money .	PERSON was about to go for a run . She decided to check the weather before she went . The weather said there was a large chance of rain . PERSON decided not to go . It never rained the rest of the day .	PERSON sat alone in the basement . He wanted to go out , but did n't know how the weather was . He walked back upstairs to check . Peering out the window , he saw it was raining heavily . He went back down into the basement , somewhat disappointed .	PERSON was walking in the park one day . He noticed the sky started to turn gray . PERSON turned back toward his house . He did n't quite get home before it started raining . PERSON ran inside a little wet but happy to be home .	PERSON was a naturalist . He noticed the weather influenced the nature 's beauty . He went to the park after a big rain . He saw a the most beautiful sunset he had ever seen . He knew this was only possible because it was after a storm .	The forecast called for rainy . I packed my raincoat . It never rained . Instead it started to snow . The weather is never predictable .	The day started cold and rainy . By 11 AM , the sun had come out . The temperature rose to 75 degrees . It got so warm I changed into shorts . I wish the summer was longer .	The weather forecast said there was a small chance of rain . PERSON decided to take that chance . She did not pack a raincoat for her walk . As she was walking , the bottom fell out . When she finally got back home , she was soaked .
oranges	PERSON decided to go to an orange orchard today . She 's been looking forward to this trip all month . She was given a basket to fill to her heart 's content . She spent two hours picking out the best oranges she could find . She went home with a basket filled to the brim with oranges .	PERSON sold oranges . He sold them on the street . One day a car came and smashed his orange basket . All of the oranges were destroyed . However the driver decided to buy all of the destroyed oranges .	Sue loved oranges . She would eat them all the time . One day during the holidays she was given an orange made of chocolate . It was confusing at first to her . But she ended up liking orange flavored chocolate even more .	I decided to go to vacation in LOCATION . I visited an orange farm in LOCATION . I asked a farmer if I could try one of the oranges . He picked an orange fresh from the tree ! It was the most tasty orange I had ever had .	PERSON wanted to be healthier . He also loved delicious foods . He decided to eat more fruit . He went to the store . He bought a lot of oranges .	PERSON loved oranges . She really wanted to buy some for her friends . She went to the store . She bought a huge pack . She shared it with them .	PERSON had a friend who was blind . His friend had never had a LOCATION orange before . PERSON tried to describe how the orange tasted . PERSON was unsuccessful as the venture is impossible . PERSON 's blind friend ate the fruit to learn its taste .	PERSON and PERSON were roommates . PERSON had planned on going to the store . PERSON asked PERSON if he needed anything from the store . PERSON replied he needed oranges . PERSON brought home oranges from the store .	I was hungry for fruit . I decided to go shopping . I bought some oranges . When I got home I realized they were moldy . I cried in frustration .
cold shower	PERSON wanted to take a shower before work . Unfortunately his girlfriend got in there first . PERSON tried to go in after . Unfortunately all the hot water was gone . PERSON had to wait until after work to shower .	PERSON took his time in the shower . The water got cold . He got out of the shower . His roommate came home . His roommate took a cold shower .	PERSON forgot to pay her heating bill . And the next day , she forgot that she forgot . When she got into her shower , she wondered why there was no hot water . Then she remembered she forgot to pay her heating bill . PERSON 's cold shower made her remember to pay it next time .	PERSON was trying to take a shower . For some reason no hot water was coming out . PERSON checked the boiler to see the problem . The pilot light had gone out . PERSON lit it again and took a shower after a few hours .	PERSON stayed up late . He had to go to work early in the morning . He had a hard time getting up . PERSON decided to take a cold shower . It woke him up in the worst way possible .	PERSON 's water heater was electric . He had n't paid his electric bill . They shut off his power . PERSON needed to take a shower . He took a horribly cold one .	PERSON came back from a jog . He needed to take a shower . The bathroom was occupied . PERSON was too impatient to wait . He grabbed a bucket of water and soap and bathed outside .	PERSON made his college schedule without any morning classes . He bragged to his three roommates with early classes . On the first day of the semester PERSON got to sleep in late . He got out of bed and went to the shared shower . But his roommates had used all the hot water and it was freezing cold .	PERSON was in the shower . I filled up a glass of cold water . I snuck into the bathroom and poured the water on her . She screamed and yelled at me . Now I need to remember to lock the door so she does n't get me back .
thanksgiving dinner	It was thanksgiving and my family was visiting me . They all showed up to my house in the afternoon . Around early evening , it was time to eat . I carved the turkey , and we enjoyed our meal and talked . After dinner , we had some pies that my wife baked .	The PERSON 's wanted to have a family dinner . It was Thanksgiving and they wanted a tradition . Unfortunately they burned the turkey . They also messed up the sides . They wound up eating pizza instead .	PERSON was hosting lunch for her family 's Thanksgiving dinner . She had forgotten to defrost the turkey . There was no way that she could cook the turkey in time . PERSON quickly defrosted a couple of chickens . PERSON cooked the chickens for dinner instead .	The whole family gathered together . We watched with anticipation as the turkey was removed from the oven . Two or three of the older men argued about who should carve it . The oldest women in the family told us all to sit down and get ready . Everyone excitedly complied and knew dinner would be served soon .	My family got together inside my cousin 's house . Everyone carried a dish with them . The dishes were placed on the table . From chicken to potatoes , a lot of food was available . We all went to the table and started eating .	PERSON was looking forward to the Thanksgiving break from school . Her family decided to start a new tradition this year . Rather than the typical meal , they were going to cook for others . PERSON and her family went to the homeless shelter for Thanksgiving . They felt blessed as they helped serve Thanksgiving dinner to so many .	PERSON never had Thanksgiving dinner at his house . This was going to be his first year . He was too nervous and had issues at home . PERSON had to cancel the dinner . His family understood the situation .	PERSON 's family had not been together for Thanksgiving for 3 years . PERSON decided to call up the family and invite them to his house . Everyone showed up on Thanksgiving day ! The whole family celebrated and ate lots of turkey ! From then on , PERSON made Thanksgiving dinner a family tradition .	PERSON was a vegan . But she still wanted to celebrate Thanksgiving . So she decided she was going to still show up . She simply bought a tofu turkey . It was not like the real thing but it was good enough .
drunk	PERSON was arrested for drunk driving . She was held overnight without bail . In the morning , she went in front of a judge . The judge sentenced PERSON to one hundred hours of community service . PERSON was grateful to avoid jail time .	PERSON was drunk at the bar one night . She decided to drive home . She made it most of the way safely . But then , near home , she struck another vehicle . PERSON was arrested for drunk driving .	PERSON was sick of PERSON acting crazy after having a drink . She decided she was going to teach her a lesson . PERSON gave PERSON orange juice , telling her there was alcohol in it . PERSON drank it and immediately acted drunk . PERSON told her there was no alcohol in it and PERSON was humiliated .	PERSON got suspended from college . He was getting in trouble for drinking . He went back to his house . He did not know what to do . He had to get a job .	The boys were ten Year 's old and thought they were cool . One night they opened a bottle of sparkling apple cider . They put it in a brown paper bag and pretended it was wine . They burped and tripped and pretended to be drunk . That night , they were the coolest ten year olds ever .	I turned 21 last week . I went to a bar for the first time . I got drunk and had a great time . But in the morning , I was very hungover . I decided not to drink any more .	PERSON was out with his friends . They kept taking more and more shots . Fred ended up getting way too drunk . His friends had to call an uber . He went home safely .	PERSON was watching TV in the living room . There was a knock on the front door . The police were at the door with her drunk teen brother . The boy had been busted at a party with other teens drinking . PERSON knew he was going to be in big trouble .	PERSON was at her first college party . She was drunk for the first time . After just two hours , she decided to go home to bed . In the morning , she was proud of her decision . She was glad that she knew her limits !
car wash	PERSON 's school club needed to raise money . They decided to hold a car wash . Everyone came to help wash cars . Their customers were very generous because they did such good work . PERSON 's school club raised all the money they needed , and then some .	PERSON hated having a dirty car . She would often get it washed . Last friday she went to the car wash and paid for the best package . Right as she drove off it started to rainy . She was upset but figured the inside was detailed at least .	PERSON and his friends needed to raise money for their school club . They brainstormed different things they can do to make the money . PERSON proposed that they run a car wash . That Saturday they had the car wash and a lot of people came . PERSON and his friends raised even more money than they had planned .	PERSON was planning to wash his car today . He got out the soap and towels and the hose . Just when he was ready to turn on the water , it starting raining ! He watched the rainy for a bit . He decided to wash the car in the rainy to save on water .	PERSON decided to wash his car . It took him a couple of hours . He did a very thorough job . Just then it started to rain . PERSON had to move his car into the garage .	PERSON 's car was dirty . He got on his car and drove to the beach . PERSON paid to get his car washed and waxed . PERSON watched as his car was washed . PERSON 's car was now washed .	PERSON went to the beach with his family . They left the beach and tracked sand into the car . After returning from the beach , PERSON took the car to the car wash . He washed the car , and vacuumed it out . He returned home , and added an air freshener to his clean car .	PERSON decided to wash her car . When she had been driving , she had driven through a large mud puddle . She put car soap in a bucket and added water . She used the soapy water to wash the car . She hosed the car off and toweled it dry .	When I bought gas I bought a car wash too . After pumping the gas I drove over to the car wash . My car was really dirty . The car wash did a wonderful job . Now my car is sparkly clean again .
the PERSON	The PERSON were planning on having dinner . They ran out of ground beef and could n't make tacos . They went to the store and bought ground beef . They came home and prepared tacos . The Johnsons had tacos for dinner .	PERSON and PERSON were eating pizza . PERSON took a bite , but he did not swallow the pizza correctly . He began to choke , and his face turned blue . PERSON ran over to PERSON and performed the PERSON maneuver . PERSON saved PERSON 's life .	PERSON was at her grandmother 's house . Her grandmother refused to let her watch Nickelodeon . Grandmother turned on The Jetsons . PERSON laughed at the cartoon calling it old fashioned . By the end of the episode she wanted to watch more PERSON .	PERSON liked to DJ in his spare time . He DJ 'd at a local benefit . One of the people in the crowd was getting married in a year . They liked how PERSON PERSON 'd . The person asked PERSON to DJ their wedding .	I used to own an old Rambler . I always name my cars . I was thinking of a name for the Rambler but was having trouble . Then it dawned on me I could name it after my best friend 's wife . So I named the PERSON PERSON .	The kids liked doing art projects . PERSON was their favorite medium . They would sculpt bowls and vases . Then they would put them in the kiln . They loved showing off their projects .	PERSON was an arrogant child . He became a successful businessman . He had a successful TV show . He decided to run for president . Despite spewing flagrant lies , he was a popular candidate .	Our dog , Mooch , volunteered to live with us so we never fenced him in . He would go for a daily walk up the road and come back . We never knew where he went until one day our neighbor came by . It turned out he would stop and beg all the neighbors for a snack . That is when we realized PERSON was a perfect name for him .	PERSON PERSON PERSON that he could make a basketball shot . PERSON did n't think PERSON would make it . They went out to the basketball court . PERSON shot the ball and it went in . PERSON was very impressed with his friend 's skill .
friends	I had a crush on my best friend in high school . I thought we would make an amazing couple . I was too afraid to mention it , in case it was unrequited . When we were about to graduate , I confessed my feelings . She did n't feel the same way , and we did n't speak much after that .	PERSON PERSON was a lonely single child who wanted a friend . She saw a family had moved next door to her apartment . They had a little girl that was her age . She was so excited she went and introduced herself . They became best friends for a long time .	PERSON was sad when his family moved to a new town . PERSON walked around for weeks without any friends . PERSON was skateboarding one day when a group of kids approached him . They complimented him and asked to join him . PERSON was happy to have new friends .	PERSON loved to follow her sister around . Her sister was much older with many cool friends . PERSON was told she could n't join them at events many times . PERSON 's sister realized PERSON was getting very sad over this . She invited PERSON to hang out at the park so that she would be happy .	PERSON loved hanging out with his friends . He would spend all day every Saturday with them . His time in high school was drawing to an end though . He became worried about losing them . PERSON manages to keep in touch though so he wo n't lose them .	PERSON was born with a large birthmark on her cheek . And everyone made fun of her . But in school , she finally made friends . And they reassured her there was nothing wrong with the birthmark . PERSON thought she would be nothing without her friends .	PERSON was waiting in an office with lots of windows at her school . She had been there for hours . Class was letting out , and the halls were full of kids . There was a knock on the glass . PERSON perked up when she saw her friends waving to her .	PERSON was a high school student . He was the only one of his friends to own a vehicle . Every weekend he would pick his friends up to socialize . They experienced many fun times together . PERSON went on to cherish his fond youthful memories as an adult .	There was a lonely man . He had no friends . One day he went to the bar . He started talking to a man he sat next to . He made a new friend that day .
adoption	PERSON got pregnant . She did n't know who the father was . She decided to put the kid up for adoption . When PERSON had her kid she could n't part with it . She decided to keep it instead .	PERSON and his wife PERSON could n't have children . They decided that they wanted to adopt a child . They learned about an orphanage in LOCATION . PERSON flew over there and began inquiries about abandoned kids there . Now , PERSON and PERSON have adopted three orphaned Romanian babies .	PERSON walked to school every day . One day while walking , PERSON saw a small kitten all alone . The kitten looked scared and PERSON felt bad for it . PERSON reached down the pick up the kitten . As PERSON reached out , the kitten 's mother leaped out and bit PERSON !	The little girls parents divorced . The mom remarried . The girls loved their stepdad . The step dad adopted the little girls . They all became a happy family .	My friend PERSON was married in 1990 . He and his wife wanted a baby . Sadly , she could not bear children . They went to an adoption agency . A year later they adopted a Russian girl .	PERSON and PERSON wanted a child , but PERSON could not get pregnant . They finally decided they wanted to adopt a baby through foster care . PERSON was six years old and their first foster child . He was n't a baby , but he was still perfect . PERSON and PERSON adopted PERSON .	PERSON and her parents were always very close . She loved them dearly but always felt a little unattached . She was cleaning her mother 's house one day and found some old papers . One of the papers was about an adoption of a girl named PERSON . PERSON confronted her parents and learned she was adopted at birth .	PERSON was adopted by the PERSON family . She was not officially adopted until she was five . The PERSON family had been her foster parents . She loved being a part of their large family . PERSON was now no longer a foster child .	PERSON was walking to school . But he saw a lost cat . He decided to take it to school and tied it up to a pole . But after school , the cat was gone . He saw someone carrying the cat .
popcorn	I just made myself some popcorn as a snack . The doorbell rang as soon as I sat down to eat . It was my mailman delivering a package . When I came back my popcorn bowl was empty and my son was laughing . I guess I have to make more popcorn if I want my snack .	PERSON decided to cook popcorn . He put the bag in the microwave . He entered the time . However , he started smelling smoke . PERSON accidentally entered the wrong time .	Today I made a bag of popcorn . I put it in the microwave and started a load of laundry . I was doing laundry and forgot about the popcorn . The bag of popcorn burnt . Now my whole house smells like burnt popcorn .	PERSON had watched his mother make popcorn dozens of times . He felt like he could do it , no problem . However , he put too many kernels in the pot . It just kept popping and popping . The pot overflowed and there was popcorn everywhere .	When we were in boy scouts we had to sell popcorn . We would go door to door trying to sell . Luckily some of the people bought some . We then had to go around delivering the containers . It was a good way to raise money for the troop .	PERSON wanted homemade popcorn . She gathered up her dried kernels . These , she seasoned with salt and garlic . Then she boiled them in hot oil . They were incredibly delicious !	PERSON made popcorn one night . Her roommate asked for some popcorn . PERSON could not find where she put the popcorn . A week later PERSON found the box in her laundry basket . PERSON and her roommate had a great laugh .	I decided to have popcorn last night . While making it , there was a knock at the door . I went to the window and looked out . A raccoon was holding a rock and hitting the door . I 'm not sure raccoons can knock but this one did .	PERSON was at the theater to see a movie . She wanted popcorn , and candy , and soda . She only had $ 5 for snacks . PERSON could only have one of the snacks she wanted . PERSON offered to share her popcorn so PERSON could buy candy .
prom date	PERSON wanted to ask PERSON to go with him to Prom . PERSON 's problem was that he felt anxious about asking her . So PERSON enlisted the help of his buddies . PERSON and five friends went and sang a song under PERSON 's window . PERSON told PERSON she 'd love to go the prom with him !	PERSON was nervous about the Prom because she did n't have a date . She really wanted to go with PERSON so she decided she would ask him . But before she got the chance he asked someone else to go with him . PERSON was disappointed but not heartbroken . She decided to go to the Prom with her friends and have fun anyways .	PERSON wanted to ask his friend Ally to the prom . He was really nervous and kept missing the chance . Finally , he decided to ask her to a movie that weekend . During the previews , he casually asked . Ally laughed and accepted , and they enjoyed the movie together .	PERSON really liked his classmate PERSON . He wanted to ask her to prom , but he was afraid . He felt sure she would refuse , and maybe even laugh at him ! But he gathered up his courage and he asked her anyway . PERSON accepted gladly , and then she did laugh - with joy !	PERSON passed a box of M&M s to his friend PERSON as they left class . She smiled and thanked him for the sweet gesture . She opened the box as she walked to her next class . Inside was a note asking her to prom ! She ran back to tell him that she would go with him .	PERSON was going to the prom with PERSON . They had been dating for a year . PERSON broke up with PERSON two weeks before the prom . PERSON still wanted to go the prom . She went to the prom alone .	PERSON wanted to go to his senior prom . He asked his friend PERSON to accompany him . PERSON accepted his request . He rented a tuxedo and purchased their tickets . They had a wonderful time at the prom .	I needed a prom date . I asked PERSON to the prom but she never answered me . I asked PERSON to prom but she already had a date . I asked one last person to be my prom date . PERSON and I had a wonderful time at prom .	PERSON was a mess on the day of her prom . Even with the weeks of preparation , she was nervous about everything . Her parents were supportive , though , and tried to calm her nerves . Her mom gave PERSON a pep talk to calm her nerves . PERSON returned from prom night , satisfied with her experience .
surprise party	PERSON was turning thirty . She was depressed about her milestone birthday . None of her friends had mentioned any plans . PERSON had decided she was just going to stay in and order food . When she got home , she turned on the lights and there was a party !	PERSON took LOCATION out to dinner at PERSON PERSON 's . LOCATION thought that it was her birthday gift from LOCATION . Actually , PERSON was just distracting LOCATION from the real present . While they were at dinner everyone gathered for a surprise party . The look on LOCATION 's face when she walked in the door was priceless !	PERSON was looking forward to her birthday - she always had a big party . But her best friend was n't mentioning any plans . On her birthday , she still had n't heard anything about a celebration . PERSON was very disappointed when she walked into her dark living room . Her mood changed quickly when her friends jumped out to surprise her .	It was PERSON 's birthday , but she was so depressed . She had moved to a new town , and had no one to celebrate with . PERSON wondered if she had made a mistake moving away from her friends . She worried she would n't be able to make new friends . Her worries vanished when her new neighbors threw her a party !	PERSON and PERSON are best friends . PERSON 's birthday was coming soon . PERSON wanted to give PERSON a surprise birthday party . PERSON secretly invited PERSON 's close friends and family . PERSON was so surprised by the party that he teared up .	I decided to throw my Mom a surprise birthday party . She once told me she have n't had a party since her 10th birthday . I secretly invited all her close family , friends and colleagues . The look on her face was priceless when she seen everyone . I was so glad the party turned out to be a night to remember !	PERSON decided to throw a surprise birthday party for PERSON . She went to the store for invitations . The invitations were mailed . Lots of people said that they would come to the party . On the night of the party everyone surprised PERSON .	PERSON wanted to throw a surprise party for PERSON . PERSON planned the party for weeks and invited all of PERSON 's friends . On the day of the party , PERSON invited PERSON over to his house . When PERSON arrived , everyone jumped out to surprise her . PERSON hugged PERSON because it was her best birthday ever !	PERSON came home at night after a long day at work . The house was dark and quiet . PERSON turned on a light . Her friends jumped out from behind a couch and yelled Surprise ! They had planned a surprise party for PERSON 's birthday .
burnt toast	PERSON was making toast . He set it to medium . When the toast came out it was completely burnt . He tried other settings with no better results . Eventually PERSON bought a new toaster .	PERSON liked to eat her toast burnt . And her friend , PERSON , decided to try it too . But a week later , he became sick . PERSON advised PERSON that burnt toast probably is n't healthy . But PERSON decided to keep her ways .	PERSON 's toaster has very sensitive settings . The first time his girlfriend tried to make toast it burned . She thought it would just be browned a bit . Instead it literally started a fire . The alarm went off as a reminder to buy a new toaster .	PERSON wanted to make toast . He put the bread in the toaster . He moved on to do other things . Before he knew it the bread had burnt . He was n't sure why the toaster did n't prevent it .	PERSON was making some breakfast . He decided to make some toast . Unfortunately his toaster did n't work well . PERSON wound up burning the toast . It created enough smoke to set off the smoke alarm .	PERSON made some toast . Ultimately it got burnt . PERSON was horrified . She had to throw it away . She felt unhappy about it .	PERSON was making toast . She put some in the toaster and started watching television . The toast got stuck and started to burn . PERSON was too invested in tv to notice . Eventually the smoke alarm had to alert her .	PERSON was always forgetful . So he parents were nervous whenever he made food . PERSON put bread in the toaster and went back to his room . His parents smelled smoke and quickly turned off the toaster . PERSON was never allowed to make food by himself again .	PERSON did n't have a toaster . He only had a toaster oven . He tried to make buttered toast . He did n't time it right . PERSON wound up burning his toast .
thirsty	PERSON was eating a burger at home . She got thirsty . She got up to look for something to drink . She found some juice in the refrigerator . PERSON drank it greedily .	PERSON was thirsty . He went to the refrigerator in search of a beverage . The refrigerator had no beverages in it . PERSON then went to the cupboard to get a glass . He filled it with water from the sink and drank that .	PERSON thought he could walk around the lake without needing water . He set out for his long walk holding nothing in his hands . But after fifteen minutes , he realized he was thirsty . He stopped a woman and asked her for some water . The woman gladly gave him her bottle of water and PERSON drank it all .	The dog was thirsty . The man brought him water . The dog followed the man home . The man fed him . The dog never left the man 's side .	PERSON was very thirsty . He had just eaten a very salty meal ! But he found nothing in his fridge to drink . PERSON unhappily settled for tap water , but he got a shock . In his thirst , the tap water tasted more delicious than any pop could !	PERSON went out with her parents for the day . When she got home , she saw that she 'd forgotten to give her dog water ! It was shady in the house , but still a hot summer day . PERSON was ashamed of forgetting something so important . She made a Post-It note to remind herself never to forget again .	PERSON was thirsty . She opened her fridge to get a drink . Then she saw that there was nothing to drink ! PERSON walked to the store to buy some Kool Aid . Then she came home and had her drink .	PERSON was so thirsty . He had no soda or juice ! He hurried to mix up some kool-aid . Then he drank it down greedily . It felt so great to quench his thirst !	After PERSON 's failed butterfly hunt , she was thirsty . It was a sweltering day . Ditties slammed open the screen door and announced her dire situation . Luckily , her mom had anticipated PERSON 's predicament . On the table was a cold pitcher of lemonade .
locked out	Kia locked her keys in her car one day . She was so frustrated ! PERSON called the service company for help . It took them an hour to arrive . Kia spent the whole time cursing her own stupidity !	PERSON went to the store . He noticed he locked his keys in his car . His window was slightly cracked . PERSON got a long stick . He was able to open the door with it .	One Saturday night my wife went down to get the mail . She saw our neighbor LOCATION in the lobby . LOCATION lives in the same building . LOCATION had locked herself out and was waiting for a locksmith . We invited her into our apartment to wait .	We went to dinner last night . My wife opened the door . The next morning she could not find her keys or open the door . The keys were in the door and we could not get out . Her sister lives in the building and got us out .	PERSON heard a knock at his door . It was his new neighbor PERSON asking for help . She had locked herself out ! PERSON helped her get in , and they started talking . Soon she agreed to go on a date with him !	I was on my way out the door . I had my work bag and phone in my hand . I closed the front door and locked the bottom lock . I went to lock the deadbolt and could not find my keys . I had locked myself out .	There was a massive comet passing over the sky . PERSON went onto his so he could watch it . It was the most beautiful thing PERSON had ever seen . When it was over he headed back down to his house . The door was locked and PERSON forgot the key , but it was worth it .	PERSON took her kids to the park . They played for a long time and then walked back home . When she got home she realized she was locked out . She went to her neighbors to call a locksmith . The locksmith unlocked the door and charged her lots of money .	One day I was being really impatient with myself . I was taking a long time to leave the house and I was finally fed up . I walked swiftly out of my apartment door and slammed it . I then realized that I forgot my keys in my frustration . Humiliated I had to ask my landlord for the spare keys .
coffee	PERSON went to the new coffee shop in town . There was a huge line of people waiting . PERSON waited for 20 minutes before he was able to order . When he got his order he took a sip . He got the wrong order and had to stand in line all over .	Every night , when i ca n't sleep , i drink a cup of coffee . To others , when they drink coffee they ca n't sleep . But it 's different with me . One night my friend offered me a coffee that i have n't tried . When i drink it , that 's the only time that i 'm awake the whole night .	PERSON was getting tired of his store-bought coffee . He decided to buy the beans and brew it himself . His first batch came out weak and terrible . His second batch was a little better . He kept improving , and in time was brewing great coffee .	PERSON was always tired . He would sleep twelve hours and need ten more . One morning he decided to stop and get coffee . His whole body tingled and felt alive . PERSON has now been awake for two days .	PERSON wanted some coffee . John looked in the cupboard for some coffee . PERSON did not have any coffee at home . PERSON went to the corner store . There he bought a cup of coffee .	PERSON ordered a large decaf coffee . When he took a sip , it was caffeinated . Instead of telling the waitress , he drank it anyway . PERSON then had an allergic reaction . He had to go to the ER and receive medical attention .	During finals week , there was free coffee available in college . The coffee smelled so good that I helped myself to a cup . Immediately after I drank it , my heart began to palpitate . The caffeine kept me awake all night . I did n't do well during my final the next day .	PERSON was out of coffee . She decided to try to find a substitute . She found a few tea bags in her cupboard . To her surprise , it was n't too bad . PERSON decided to drink tea more often .	We have a clubroom in our building . They serve free coffee . Today my wife and I went down for coffee . We brought down some cake . We drank our coffee and ate cake .
waiting	PERSON was waiting on her grandma to finish gardening . As she sat on the porch her mother pulled up . This meant PERSON was going home . She ran to the garden to say goodbye to her grandma . As she jumped in the car she was relieved to be finally going home .	PERSON 's teacher was surprised to see her return from recess early . PERSON wanted to search PERSON 's desk when she was alone . But she did n't want the teacher to know this . PERSON made up a story about having a headache . She was happy the teacher believed her story .	PERSON ordered two albums from Amazon . One of the albums he could download the digital copy right away . The other album he had to wait for the physical copy to arrive . It seemed to take forever for it to arrive . PERSON thought the long wait made the music sound all the sweeter .	PERSON was supposed to pick his daughter up from school . PERSON lost track of time because he was watching TV . PERSON 's daughter had to walk home alone . When she got home , she was crying and yelled at PERSON . PERSON felt horrible and promised it would never happen again .	PERSON was so excited for prom . She could hardly wait ! She counted down every day for months . It dragged on forever - she was so eager ! Finally it was prom night , and PERSON was so happy !	PERSON 's birthday was only a month away . His mom asked him to give her a birthday list . He wrote down just one thing , a movie he had wanted to see . The waiting for the ensuing month was almost excruciating for him . PERSON ended up getting the movie for his birthday , and he loved it .	The man waited in line . He tried to talk to the lady in front of him . She did not want to talk . The man felt uncomfortable after that . He got out of line to go home .	PERSON sat in the plastic chair . Her legs were sticking to the material . She lifted one leg from the chair . It made a long sticking sound like velcro . She wished she were wearing pants instead .	PERSON waited for his mom to finish working . He was hungry and wanted a snack . Finally , his mom finished her work . She made him a sandwich . PERSON ate the sandwich happily .
tacos	Everyone at work loves Taco Tuesday . They can not get enough tacos . Their love of tacos makes them more productive . This makes for a great atmosphere at work . Productivity has gone up .	What was cooking tacos . As she was cooking the meat , she put the shells in the oven . While the meat was cooking , she also shredded cheese . Since she was so busy , she forgot about the shells . PERSON burned the taco shells .	PERSON was making Mexican food for dinner . She grilled up chicken for tacos . Then she served her family her ethnic meal . They could n't believe how good it was . They all begged PERSON to cook Mexican every night !	PERSON was making tacos one day . He was browning the beef when he bent over to tie his shoe . His arm hit the pan as he was going down . The ground beef flew all over the place . PERSON got fast food that night .	PERSON was hungry for some tacos . She tried to cook some , but they burned . She asked her mother to buy her some . Her mother was too busy . PERSON went and found a taco stand and was happy .	PERSON really wanted tacos for dinner . He went to the restaurant but they were closed . So we went to the store to get ingredients . He grabbed everything and headed home to cook . They were some of the best tacos he 's ever had .	PERSON decided to make steak tacos for dinner tonight . She grilled the corn first , then the steak . The rice simmered on the stove while everything cooked . PERSON mixed all the ingredients in a large bowl . Everything looked great inside the taco shells with sour cream on top .	PERSON smelled something coming from the kitchen . PERSON investigated the smell . PERSON found his mother cooking tacos . PERSON was hungry and very happy that tacos were being cooked . PERSON ate all the tacos his mother cooked for him .	PERSON decided to make dinner . She cooked tacos for Taco Tuesday . She invited PERSON . He brought beer . They ate and watched tv .
boxing	I played the boxing game on nintendo . Every day after school , I competed with my brother . He was better than I was and got a lot further . One day I beat him at the game . He was angry and refused to speak to me .	PERSON wanted to become a better boxer . He saw training footage of the boxing champion of the world . He saw the man shadow boxing while running . PERSON copied this training method . PERSON saw his skills improve after practicing the new training method .	PERSON liked to box . He would practice all the time . He asked a friend to join him . The friend never done that before . PERSON accidentally knocked his friend out cold !	PERSON wanted to learn how to box . So he got a boxing trainer . They trained for months . PERSON began to get better at boxing . A year later and PERSON knew how to box .	PERSON wanted to be a boxer when he grew up . He asked his parents to sign him up for lessons . They encouraged him to take karate instead . They reasoned it was less likely to injure him . PERSON accepted the offer and slowly forgot about his boxing dreams .	PERSON went to boxing class . She went to the facility to sign up . But they did n't tell her she had to rent gloves . So after she warmed up she had to go get them . She was disappointed they were n't more organized there .	PERSON loved to train at his local boxing gym . One day he saw a professional fighter in there . The fighter 's manager needed someone to keep his fighter warm . PERSON offered to spar with the fighter . PERSON knocked the fighter out .	PERSON always wanted to be a boxer . He took many lessons and worked hard to learn the craft . He won every fight he was put into . PERSON got selected for the title match ! He won and got enough money to live comfortably .	PERSON and PERSON had a lot of energy and wanted to do something . They found some boxing gloves in the house . They put them on and started to goof around . PERSON hit PERSON to hard one time , and made PERSON mad . Then it turned serious , and a real boxing match broke out .
death	Once there was a woman walking . She was walking on the side of the street . A car swerved off the road and hit her . The car kept on going . She died instantly .	My mother begged me to come back home and help her . I never forgave her for the abuse . Somehow , I still could n't tell her no . I moved back to the house I 'd tried so hard to escape . I spent the next 2 years trying to make a life .	I had never experienced the death of anyone before . I traveled to LOCATION to attend the funeral . Lots of people were there . I hugged his mother and best friend . I went back home crying broken heartedly .	My father went back to use the bathroom . I heard a loud bang just after he left the room . I ran back to see what happened . He had fell and hit his head . He died five days later from it .	My friend was in TN for a court hearing . While he was there his stepmother had died . After the hearing he came back home to MA . He is driving up tomorrow for the funeral . He was very sad .	I was by my grandmother 's side when she passed . She was sleeping quietly in the hospital . We were all sitting around her talking . I looked at her and realized she was n't breathing . Her monitor flatlined soon after .	The next morning , my phone started ringing . I looked at the ID and saw it was PERSON , PERSON 's sister . I could n't answer it because I knew in my gut what she would say . I finally called her back and asked why he died . It felt like a part of me had died with him .	PERSON had a friend named PERSON . He recently died . PERSON was very upset . She went to his funeral . She spoke a piece about him .	My grandad never wanted to know me . My grandad never made an effort to know me . He died last week . Now I will never get the chance to know him . I will always have that hole in my life .
writing	I was a worker on mturk . I had to do a writing hit . It was difficult . I struggled for days . I eventually got it .	PERSON heard about a short story competition online . PERSON decided he wanted to submit a short story to the competition . So PERSON turned on his laptop . He wrote his short story in two weeks then submitted it . He won the competition .	There was a creative child who wanted to be an author . The mother put her in creative writing classes . She wrote for hours each day . At the end of the schooling she was really good . She was able to land her dream job .	She wanted to become a writer . She sat in her room , producing short stories galore . She wanted to show them to her parents . One day , she wrapped them and gave them to her parents . They laughed , cried , and hugged her after reading them .	PERSON wanted to write a story . He sat down with his notebook and pen . He brainstormed for about half an hour . PERSON thought of several dozen ideas . He picked one , and started writing .	PERSON had terrible writing . His cursive , however , was exquisite . PERSON decided to only write in cursive . PERSON wrote beautifully from then on . Many people complimented him on his cursive .	There was a kid who did n't like writing . The parents figured out that the kid could n't see well . They got the kid glasses . The glasses helped the kid focus at school . Now the kid was better at writing .	I was writing stories for a natural language processor . Suddenly , there was no more work . I lamented the loss of my income . Luckily , the researcher launched more work . I was thankful to continue working for him .	PERSON got a job writing for the school paper . She was given her first article . She was so nervous and scared she would mess up , but wrote it anyway . She turned the article into her editor . The editor read her article and loved it .
video games	PERSON was tired of playing the same video game every day . He asked his mom for money for a new game , but she said no ! He decides to earn money himself and gets a job at a store . He works for two weeks and finally gets his paycheck . The money on his check was enough for PERSON to buy two video games !	PERSON had been playing video games all day . His mom was annoyed and thought he was wasting his day . She told him to go do something else . PERSON told her he did n't want to . His mom unplugged his TV and told him to listen to her .	Priya loves video games . When she finds one she likes , she 'll spend days upon days playing . She keeps up with all gaming news . Priya has finally decided to start streaming games . Now she makes money doing what she loves .	Harry wanted to have a video game party . He asked a few of his friends . Some of his friends said they could come . They set up the games . They played the whole night .	I played too many video games last night . I was playing with my friends and we had a lot of fun . I would try to stop playing they would convince me to play one more . I kept saying yes until I realized it was 4 in the morning . I was so sleepy I slept until noon the next day !	PERSON loves to play video games with his older brother . They play sports games a lot and it gets competitive . PERSON 's favorite game is PERSON for the X-Box . One day though PERSON lost a game to his older brother at PERSON . Now PERSON needs to find a new favorite game .	PERSON played video games all day . And they made him feel happy . Years later , however , PERSON thought about all of the time he wasted . And he wished he did something more productive . So PERSON played video games to forget about his sadness .	I have received many good video games lately . By the time I 'm halfway through one , another is already waiting . I 've been jumping from game to game . There is only one that does n't occasionally crash my video card . So in the end I usually play XCOM 2 .	PERSON wanted a new video game for Christmas . His mom did n't like the video game . PERSON begged his mother for it . Finally his mom bought it . PERSON was ecstatic to find the game under the tree .
gum	I just got my braces removed . I could finally eat gum . I went to the store and bought some gum . It was delicious ! Alas , I got a cavity soon after for eating too much gum .	PERSON was a professional basketball player . He enjoyed the game very much . He would always chew gum during the games . During a press conference he was asked why he chews gum . He calmly replied that it makes him play better .	PERSON got in trouble for chewing gum in class . She promised not to do it again . But then she found it was easier said than done ! Chewing gum was a serious habit with PERSON . In the end , she was caught twice more and given detention .	I just got braces . The orthodontist told me not to chew gum . I did n't care to listen to her . I chewed gum . It got stuck in my braces and I had to pay to fix the damages .	My friend was being mean to me . I decided to put some gum in his hair . Alas , he figured out it was me . He slapped me across the face . I decided that he was n't a true friend so I ditched him .	I had just ate garlic bread . My breath smelled kind of funny . I bought a pack of gum . I put a piece in my mouth . My breath smelled much better .	PERSON placed a pack of gum in her bag for the long plane ride . The flew higher and the pressure in PERSON 's ears began to build . Popping a piece of gum into her mouth , PERSON began to chew . The pain in her ear subsided . PERSON was glad she had put a pack of gum in her bag .	PERSON loved chewing gum . He learned that some gum types are bad for health . PERSON searched many stores for the best gum . PERSON found one with healthy ingredients . PERSON bought a large quantity of the healthy gum .	I got gum in my hair . It was a horrendous sticky mess . My mother was not pleased . She decided to try lighter fluid to remove it . It took about an hour , but it worked .
sunburn	Kia went to the beach with her friends . She had a great time , but forgot sunscreen ! When she got home , she saw that she had a sunburn . She applied lotion , but it still hurt . Kia 's sunburn was sore for over a week !	PERSON had a day off work . She decided to lay out by the pool . She forgot sunscreen . She fell asleep . PERSON woke up with a second degree sunscreen .	PERSON and her friends went to the beach . But PERSON forgot sunscreen . And she felt too guilty to ask her friends for some . When PERSON got home , her face was red and swollen . And she regret not simply asking her friends for sunscreen .	PERSON was at the beach with friends . He had too much fun and forgot to put sunscreen on . Within hours someone pointed out how red he was . PERSON was severely sunburned . He had to leave and get special healing lotion .	It was very sunny today . And I went on a 7 mile long walk . I felt my head and face burning . And my eyes felt weak and tired . When I finally looked at a mirror , my entire face was swollen and red .	PERSON went fishing in the middle of the day . It was hot and humid . He forgot to wear sunscreen . When PERSON got home , he was burnt to a crisp . PERSON will wear sunscreen next time .	PERSON loves to kayak . She will spend hours on the water if she can . Once , she forgot her sunscreen . She was enjoying herself so much , she did n't even notice at first . When she got home , she found her shoulders were badly burned .	PERSON put on her bikini . She laid out in the sun . She accidentally fell asleep . She woke up with a sunburn . She put lotion all over her sunburn .	My son went to PERSON last weekend . My wife told him to wear sunscreen . He was there for hours and got a sunburn . She wanted to know why he did apply sunscreen . He said he did , but it did not work .
LOCATION	PERSON was touring LOCATION . He joined his tour group in the morning . Then he went with them from stop to stop . He learned so much about Turkish history . PERSON really loved his tour through LOCATION !	Jeff is moving to LOCATION to fix the economy . Once he got there , he promised to turn everything around . One month later , LOCATION 's unemployment rate was down . People were in the streets cheering for PERSON to be mayor of LOCATION . PERSON kept focused , and promised to higher minimum wage by next year .	LOCATION bought herself a pair of rollerblades . She was eager to learn how to skate . She strapped the skates on . Then she hesitantly began skating slowly . Soon she could rollerblade quickly and skillfully !	PERSON decided to travel to LOCATION . He filed for a visa . His visa was accepted . PERSON packed his bags and flew to LOCATION . He had a wonderful time traveling in LOCATION !	The Turners were flying home from LOCATION . PERSON revealed that she taken a chunk of lava rock . She was n't supposed to take rocks , but did anyway . Her seatmate told her keeping the rock would cause bad luck . PERSON gave the rock to a stewardess to return .	My sister in law Jan went to LOCATION , LOCATION yesterday . Her sister PERSON is bipolar and has been tense lately . PERSON is seeing a doctor today . PERSON stayed over last night so she could take PERSON see the doctor . The family is hoping PERSON will improve .	A tall woman and her child used to say hello to me outside . I sit on the bench and read a lot . Today she introduced herself and her son . She said she was from LOCATION . I mentioned The Secret of Their Eyes , and she smiled .	PERSON was on her first trip to the LOCATION . She had always dreamed of seeing monkeys . The team hiked all day and saw all sorts of birds . PERSON was disappointed that she did not see a monkey . When they got back to camp , PERSON found a monkey in her tent !	We took our kids to LOCATION in 1995 . Our kids were 9 and 6 . My wife rode the PERSON ride in the LOCATION LOCATION . The kids liked Splash Mountain . Unfortunately we never went back as the kids grew up .
olympics	PERSON wanted to watch the Olympics but her TV broke . As she did n't have any other means to watch , she called her friends . They made a few tracks in her backyard over the morning . And in the afternoon they held their own Olympics competing for prizes . PERSON won the fastest runner award and was happy with herself .	PERSON enjoyed watching the Olympics but she could n't ! She could n't get the TV to work ! She asked her friends for help but they did n't know either . Finally PERSON asked her dad for help and he came over . He got the TV to work and she was very happy .	We always loved the summer Olympics . We looked forward to it every four years . My wife loves all of the swimming events . I love all the track and field ones . We will be sad when it 's over .	PERSON has been watching the Olympics all week . Watching has made her miss playing sports . She decided she wants to get back in athletic shape . PERSON begins to plan out her workouts . She 's pretty excited to be in shape again .	The opening ceremonies of the olympics went on . The teams competed the following weeks . Some teams one , some did n't . The closing ceremonies happened . The olympics were over .	PERSON has been training for the Olympics since he was 14 years old . He made it to the 2016 Olympics in LOCATION . On the day of his events , he was extremely nervous . He lost three events but placed second in two others . He returned home very thankful with two silver medals .	PERSON loved running . Her dream was to be in the Olympics . She trained every day . In high school , she was on track and broke records for speed . When she was 21 she ran track in the Olympics and got a silver medal .	Tonight was the olympics . PERSON could n't wait to see it . She was excited . Then she watched it . She was disappointed .	My wife is watching the Olympics . Unfortunately some of the day 's events are in the afternoon . Thus , gold medals are sometimes already won by prime time . She asked her coworkers to not talk about the results during the day . Thus far , they have complied .
bike ride	PERSON was afraid to learn to ride a bike . Her friends all knew how to ride bikes . One day they all helped PERSON learn to ride a bike . She was able to learn with her friend 's help . PERSON can ride her bike with her friends now !	The boys wanted to go for a ride . They got their helmets on and grabbed their bike . They started heading down their street . They ended up riding to the park . They went on the swings and had fun .	We rode on the bike path today . It was a 14 mile ride . During the ride we saw a stray cat . We stopped to play with it . It was very friendly .	PERSON 's brother was moving so he said he would help him out . He was moving within the development so it was pretty close by . He noticed a bike in the garage and offered to ride it over . He started down the street and realized the tires badly needed air . It was one of the worst bike rides he ever went on .	PERSON was on a first date . His date wanted to go on a bike ride . PERSON was n't in very good shape . After a short while he had to stop . His date thought he was weak .	PERSON was feeling cooped up in his apartment . He grabbed his bicycle from the garage . He rode his bike clear across town . PERSON started to get tired from riding all day . PERSON called his wife to come pick him up .	PERSON was at her mother 's house for the weekend . Her niece asked her to sit on the porch so they could ride bikes . PERSON sat on the porch keeping an eye on the kids . PERSON realized they had ridden farther than she said they could They were upset when she told them to put the bikes up and go inside .	PERSON bought a new motorcycle . He asked his friends with bikes to go out on a ride . They agreed to go with him . They rode around to several scenic places . PERSON was really happy about his new purchase .	I was feeling really bored . So I decided to go for a bike ride . During the ride , it started to rain . But it made everything look more beautiful . I was glad I went out for a bike ride .
horse	PERSON and PERSON were neighbors . They were 13 years old and played basketball together . They challenged each other on the court . Their favorite game was horse . PERSON won some , PERSON won some , they had fun playing horse .	I was afraid of my granddad 's horse . It was behind a fence . I went in there by myself once . It reared up on its hind legs . I ran away quickly .	There was a horse that crashed into a tree . It 's owners were very surprised . They had a vet look at it . It turned out the horse had bad eyes . The vet made the horse wear special horse eyeglasses .	PERSON was so excited to get horseback riding lessons . PERSON and his dad drove to the ranch to get started . The horses were beautiful , and very cooperative during the lessons . PERSON learned very quickly . PERSON had a wonderful time learning how to ride a horse .	PERSON wanted to learn to ride a horse . She thought it looked fairly easy . She signed up for riding lessons . But her first lesson was very , very hard ! PERSON realized that she had a lot to learn about horseback riding .	My niece is majoring in equestrian business in college . She has owned a horse for eight years . She rode the horse in several competitions . Last week the vet had to euthanize the horse for mad cow disease . My niece was devastated .	PERSON always wanted to ride a horse . So PERSON looked online for a place he can ride one . He found a place . PERSON drove to that place . He rode his first horse .	I went to my uncle 's farm in the country . He had lots of animals on the farm . My favorite were the horses . I talked my cousin into letting me ride . He put me on the front of the horse while he rode it .	PERSON wanted to learn to ride horses . She joined a horse riding club . On her first day of practice she fell off the horse . She kept practicing for three months on her skills . PERSON is now a well known experienced horse rider .
new pants	PERSON needed new pants . His mom decided to take him shopping . It was a three hour event . PERSON could not find any pants that fit . He finally found one pair and that was it .	PERSON was out shopping for some new pants . She came across a pair she absolutely loved . They were brown and leather and perfect . Thankfully she got a good deal . She immediately wore them the next day .	PERSON wanted new ripped pants . When he went to the store but they were too expensive . So he bought normal jeans from another store . When he got home he made rips in them himself . His friends complimented him on his cool jeans .	PERSON bought a new pair of pants . He wore them out one night . While walking to the bar he slipped and fell . The new pants got a bit hole in them . He had to go home and change .	PERSON bought a new pair of pants at the mall . They were tight fitting jeans . PERSON figured he would break them in over time . He wore them at home all the time . After a few weeks they were properly broken in .	PERSON needed some new pants . She looked everywhere for some . Finally she saw some at the mall . PERSON took the first she saw . They fit perfectly .	PERSON did n't have a lot of pants . He decided to buy a new pair . He went to different stores . PERSON tried various pairs . He never found any he liked that much .	PERSON went to the store for new pants . He asked the clerk for help . The clerk picked out some overalls . PERSON bought the overalls . PERSON wore his new pants on his first day of school .	PERSON had to buy a new pair of pants . All of her other pants were worn and out of style . She looked in several stores . She finally found a pair she liked . PERSON promptly began to wear them .
hike	I once went on a hike in the Adirondacks . When I got to the end there was a pond . I went swimming and enjoyed myself . When I got out I realized it was teeming with leeches . I checked myself over and over and somehow did n't have any .	PERSON loved to go hiking . She spent every summer doing it . One summer she went to the LOCATION LOCATION to hike . She was mesmerized by the scenic environment . She was exhausted afterwards but still enjoyed it .	PERSON went hiking one morning . At first he was having a great time . Then a bee stung his arm ! PERSON was in a lot of pain . He had to end his hike early .	We went in a hike in the woods by my house . The trees were very high . My brother climbed one of the trees . We told him to get down . He fell from the tree .	I went on a hike on Saturday . I saw a large butterfly coming down the trail . I stopped to look as it floated past me . Just then a bee stung me on the arm . I swatted the bee and accidentally killed the butterfly .	PERSON loved to go hiking . She 'd always pester her friends to join her . One time her friends consented to come along . After two hours everybody except PERSON wanted to turn around . With a big grin on her face PERSON led them out of the woods .	PERSON was very overweight and not active . Her son vowed to help her get into shape . Every morning he drove PERSON to the woods and hiked with her . After a while PERSON got better and faster . Soon she had dropped weight and turned into a great hiker !	I decided to take a hike last weekend . I went up to the top of a near mountain . The view was breathtaking . I felt alive and in touch with nature . I took plenty of pictures before coming back .	A group of friends went on a hike . One of the friends tripped over a large root in the ground . She twisted her ankle badly . She hopped on her friend 's back . He carried her back to get medical treatment .
a new car	My car is old and ugly . Children laugh at me when I drive down the street . This makes me sad . I have started saving money for a new car . I will happy when I have my new , beautiful car .	PERSON was interested in purchasing a new car . She did not have much experience in purchasing new vehicles . After doing research she found resources to help her with the task . The internet was a great resource , along with Kelly Blue Book . After doing research she purchased the car she liked .	PERSON wanted a new car . Unfortunately , he could n't afford one . Luckily , the bank offered him a car loan . PERSON now had enough money . PERSON bought a new car .	PERSON needed to buy a new car . He researched many cars online . He went to several dealerships and test drove many cars . He finally settled on a car he liked . He negotiated a price and purchased the car .	PERSON drove a thousand miles a week for work . She had bought a new car a year ago . The car had many miles on it because of her work demands . She wanted to get a new car but her trade in value was low . PERSON had to keep the car she already had .	Adam decided to buy a car . He went through some offers in the local magazines . He decided to buy blue Nissan Rogue . He came home on the new car . His girlfriend did not like the color .	My car broke down . I was tired of fixing it all the time . I decided to get a new car . I went to the dealer . I bought a car from the dealer .	I was driving to work . Suddenly , my car stopped working . The engine had died ! A few days later I bought a new car . Now , I did n't have to worry about engine failure .	PERSON was looking for a new car . He found one he liked online and went to check it out . The car had everything he wanted and more . PERSON bought the car . The car made PERSON very happy and he drove it often .
sledding	PERSON wanted to go sledding . She called up her friends . They said it sounded like fun ! They all met at the hill in town . They spent the whole day sledding and laughing !	PERSON woke up and it had snowed overnight . He asked mother if he could go sledding and she said yes . PERSON grabbed his sled and climbed up the hill by his house . PERSON raced down the hill on his sled but crashed . He now has a broken arm and ca n't sled again until it heals .	PERSON took his daughter PERSON sledding for the first time . She was hesitant and afraid . But PERSON sat behind her on the sled , and held her tight . Then he pushed them together down the hill . PERSON screamed with joy as they raced downhill !	I got on the sled at the top of the hill . My son gave me a big push . I crashed into a tree halfway down . My son was yelling something at me . I had snow in my ears .	It had n't snowed all winter . PERSON had n't had a chance to use his new red sled . That 's why when reports of snow came in , he was excited . He took his sled out of the garage and waited . He walked up the hill behind his house at first snowfall .	PERSON went to the local sledding area . He climbed to the top of the big hill . Then he waited his turn to slide down . He clambered into his sled and pushed off . He squealed with joy as he raced down the hill !	PERSON and PERSON went to the park to go sledding . They had walked almost a mile and were eager to race down the hill . But when they arrived , the hill was green and grassy ! They despaired , but then PERSON had an idea of where they could sled . They walked all the way home and sledded on the hill in his yard !	PERSON took her kids sledding when it snowed . they climbed up the hill and sled down it . Eventually they had a snowball fight . After a few hours PERSON said it was time to go home . They got hot chocolate and went back home .	PERSON stood at the top of a steep , snowy hill with his sled . He had never gone sledding before and was nervous . The hill seemed to look taller every minute he was up there . After taking five deep breaths , he hopped on his sled and went down . At the bottom , PERSON smiled and said it was the most fun he ever had .
pool party	PERSON wanted to have a pool party for his birthday . He invited all his friends to come to the party . The day of the party it was really hot and sunny . PERSON decided to go off the dive for the first time . He had the greatest party ever .	My friend PERSON had a pool party last week . He brought a bunch of ice cream to the party . Unfortunately , he forgot it would be hot outside . He left the ice cream out for so long that it melted . It 's okay though , because we all had fun anyways .	PERSON 's birthday was coming up soon . She was very excited and invited all her friends . On the day of the party it was very hot . PERSON 's mom suggested the kids play in the pool . Her mom saved the party and all the kids had a great time .	PERSON organized a pool party for his neighborhood . He invited everyone on the block . One of his invitations got lost by the mail . That neighbor assumed that PERSON did not invite her . She held a grudge against him from then on .	PERSON had his birthday at the local pool . He invited all his friends from school . PERSON 's dad ordered pizza for everyone . PERSON and his friends tried to see who could do the best dives . It was the best birthday PERSON had ever had .	Rocky finally got the pool he had always wanted in his backyard . Rocky invited many friends over for his first pool party . As the party progressed , it grew louder and more unruly . Several of Rocky 's neighbors called the police to complain . Rocky 's first pool party was soon shut down by the police .	PERSON was celebrating her 10th birthday . The party was a luau theme and all of her friends were there . Everyone gathered in their hula skirts to sing to PERSON . She opened gifts and everyone enjoyed the cake . Everyone swam until the party ended later that afternoon .	PERSON went to a pool party . There was drinks and food and good music . She enjoyed swimming and eating lunch with her friends . At the end of the party , everyone said goodbye and gave hugs . The pool party was a success .	The neighborhood always has a pool party . Everyone brings a dish . There is music . People always have a great time . I can not wait for the party .
the band	PERSON loved playing music . He had a band that performed around the area . They played rock and jazz . They were invited to play at a festival in town . They did a great job and got a lot of new fans .	PERSON had never been in a band before . He saw the flyer for the audition and wanted to try it . He showed up with his guitar ready to play . PERSON played the guitar amazingly well . Everyone agreed that he was the best .	PERSON 's band was n't the best . He knew that but he loved it all the same . They would never get signed but they enjoyed playing together . That was until PERSON left for LOCATION without them . The no longer play together now , PERSON has n't touched his guitar since .	PERSON decided to form a band . He asked all his friends if they wanted to join his band . A few wanted to join but did not know how to play instruments . PERSON taught his friends how to play . Now they have a successful band .	PERSON loved playing the trumpet . She joined the school band . She practiced every day for an hour . The band had practice every morning . PERSON loved playing with all her classmates .	PERSON had never played in a band before . He was excited to get together with other musicians . The auditions came and went , PERSON thought he did well . The call came in , he had made the band ! He began rehearsing with the other guys , getting ready for the gig .	We went to see this great band yesterday . They played at a local bar . I had never heard their music before . I heard great things about them . They played a great show .	PERSON had finally found a band to join . He had been looking for a few years now . He wanted to find a band that really fit him . The group of guys he found is a perfect match . I can not wait to see their first show .	PERSON loved to sing . He had a best friend , who loved to play guitar . They got together with another person , who was a drum player . They also found another singer . PERSON and his pals formed a band .
divorce	The parents began hating each other gradually throughout the Year 's . They would try to hide the fights from the children , though . They loved the children but not one another anymore . The parents knew a divorce would be rough on the children . Both parents had grown up in broken homes .	She asked him for a divorce . At first he told her no . She told him she would have him arrested if he did n't leave . He told her she was exactly like his ex wife . She decided that was the final straw and kicked him out .	PERSON was married for a long time . His wife was not nice . He wanted a life free of her . He decided to ask for a divorce . He was so much happier without her .	Brad and PERSON were always fighting . They tried therapy but it did not help . They decided to get a divorce . At first it hurt them both , but not for long . Soon they were both much happier .	PERSON and PERSON were married . They did not have a happy marriage . They tried to fix the marriage but they could not . They decided to get a divorce . Both PERSON and PERSON were much happier after the divorce .	PERSON and her husband were not getting along . She found out he was cheating on her . She confronted him . He admitted that he was seeing someone else . He agreed to a no contest divorce .	PERSON had a miscarriage . Her husband PERSON tried to be supportive . But PERSON got more and more depressed . She did not want to stay with PERSON anymore . They divorced .	PERSON had been married for eleven years . But she and her husband always fought . They had stayed together while their kids were small . But now their youngest was nine , so they divorced . PERSON and her ex ended up much happier .	I filed for a divorce . My wife wanted the kids . I did n't like them that much so I agreed . She offered to let me see them once a week . I was glad to be rid of my kids so I declined the offer .
hunger	There once was a man from peru He dreamed he was eating his sandals He woke up in the middle of the night He then found out he was trying to eat his shoes in his sleep The man never went to bed hungry again	Today I was so busy at work that I forgot to eat anything . I ran around all day , completed tasks and attended appointments . At the end of the day I noticed I had a headache and felt sluggish . I remembered that I had n't eaten and made myself a snack . After I ate the snack I felt much better and regained my energy .	PERSON had n't eaten since noon . She was upset about something that happened with a boy . It was midnight , and she was now hungry . She stood in the fridge looking for something to eat . She sat in the dark eating cold leftover chicken .	PERSON was hungry . He checked the fridge . The fridge was empty . PERSON went to the store . He came home with lots of food .	PERSON was hungry . Sadly , his refrigerator and pantry were empty . His wallet was empty too . He called his parents to beg for cash . His parents gave him some .	PERSON was very hungry . He left class early to get some food . He found a vending machine . He put in a dollar . He got the food he wanted !	PERSON was very hungry . He decided to eat a salad . His stomach continued to feel hungry . PERSON made a big steak and potato . Finally PERSON felt full .	PERSON liked sports . But he hated stretching . His coach warned him about not stretching before playing . PERSON ignored his coach . He strained a muscle while playing .	PERSON was hungry . PERSON went to his fridge to look at what he had . PERSON did not have what he needed , so he went to the store . PERSON bought the ingredients he needed . He went home to cook the dinner , which satisfied his hunger .
tickets	I got two tickets from the same policeman within two weeks . I was speeding when I was late to a class . A couple weeks later I was coming from my house . I did n't really know the speed limit . I was going over it though .	PERSON 's parents could only afford for her to go into LOCATION . They had just enough money for one hotel night and her admission . They watched her walk into the entrance and stood around . They would talk to her via a cheap prepaid phone . A stranger who watched this unfold , offered them two free tickets .	I tried to buy tickets to a concert recently . I tried to find tickets cheaper than the original price at first . However , I waited too long and the tickets sold out . I really wanted the tickets , though . I ended up paying forty dollars more than the original price for them .	PERSON had been dying to see her favorite band . One day , she found out they were playing in a city an hour away . PERSON immediately bought tickets for her and her friends . PERSON and her friends drove to the concert . When they got there , PERSON realized she left the tickets at home .	PERSON 's favorite band was coming to town ! But she could not afford the tickets . She decided to enter the radio contest to try to win some . She tried over and over to be the lucky caller . Finally , she was the lucky one and won the tickets !	I was in a hurry . I sped through the neighborhood . I knew it was wrong , but I did n't see any traffic . Just as I went past the stop sign , I saw lights behind me . I received a ticket for running the stop sign .	PERSON had a lot of parking tickets . He paid them off and thought nothing of them . But then he got a letter from his insurance policy . They were raising his premium as a result of all the tickets ! PERSON , dejected , resolved to be more careful in the future .	PERSON was hoping to get some tickets to the Superbowl . Unfortunately they sold out before he could get them . He had to purchase the tickets second-hand online . He ended up paying twice they were originally worth . But since his team won , he felt the tickets were worth it .	PERSON wanted to win the lottery . He bought a hundred tickets ! He was sure he had a good chance of winning . Alas , he did not win any money at all . PERSON wished he had not wasted so much money on tickets .
pizza party	PERSON and her friends we 're excited to have a pizza party . Pizza was their absolute favorite food . The girls got together at PERSON 's house and started cooking . After they got everything ready they took it out of the oven . The pizza looked and tasted delicious .	PERSON was the coach of his son 's football team . They were the worst team in their league . PERSON told them if they won a game he would buy them all pizza . They won their next game . PERSON bought them all a huge pizza .	PERSON decided to have a pizza party . She really wanted to invite all her friends . When her friends came they made the pizzas . PERSON 's brother was hungry . She then gave her pizza to him .	PERSON had her friends over to make pizzas for her birthday . There would be a prize for most creative . One girl combined sausage , pineapple , onions and zucchini strips . It sounded odd but it was delicious . She won the prize .	PERSON was a pizza delivery man . One day he had to deliver 50 pizzas to a party . On the way , a cat ran in front of his car . PERSON slammed on the breaks . Some of the pizza boxes flew forward , spilling pizza on the floor .	Our field trip to Pizza Hut was a lot of fun . We were allowed in the kitchen , where we were shown how to make pizza . We each made our own pizzas to cook in the oven . Since we were little , we were n't allowed to use the ovens ourselves . We ate in the dining room before going back to school .	I got a lot of my friends together . We decided to have a pizza party . We laid out all the ingredients and got to work . All of the sudden we remembered something . We burnt the pizzas .	PERSON does not like to go to school . One day his principal said they would have a pizza party . The pizza party was for kids with good grades . PERSON studied very hard everyday . PERSON got good enough grades to go to the pizza party !	PERSON took his son to a friend 's pizza party . PERSON 's son ate a lot of pizza . Almost too much . He got sick and had to go home . PERSON apologized and made up for it by giving a good gift .
the squirrel	The squirrel went into a new yard . A dog came flying out the door . The squirrel ran as fast as possible . The squirrel got to the tree just in time . The dog barked at the base of the tree at the squirrel .	PERSON was driving her car on the highway . A squirrel ran out in front of her car . She swerved to avoid it but almost caused an accident . She was honked at by two other cars that almost crashed . She wondered after that if it was worth swerving in the first place .	We had moved to LOCATION . I had never seen a squirrel before . One day while outside one jumped right on me . I almost had a heart attack . It ran away after I screamed .	There was a squirrel running around outside of my apartment . He appeared to be panicking greatly . Then I saw what he was running from , a giant snake ! The snake was intent on catching the squirrel for dinner . Luckily the squirrel made it up a tree before the snake caught him .	PERSON 's dog was acting very hyper . She decided to take him on a walk . On the walk PERSON 's dog saw a squirrel . He broke away from the leash and chased the squirrel down the street . PERSON was relieved when he finally returned back a few minutes later .	The homeowner heard a scary noise in the attic . He went up to investigate it . He was scared it was a burglar ! He spotted a creature with a bushy tail and beady eyes . There was a wild squirrel in the attic !	One day PERSON saw a squirrel . She had heard once that squirrel 's enjoyed nuts . PERSON got some peanuts from the kitchen . She left them at the base of the squirrel 's tree . The next day , they were all gone !	The squirrel climbed down the tree . The squirrel looked around the yard . There were no dogs . The squirrel chewed on some grass . The squirrel climbed back up the tree .	PERSON was walking through the park one day when she saw a squirrel . She offered it a nut . The squirrel slowly approached . Instead of eating the nut , it attacked ! It jumped on PERSON 's face and bit her nose .
PERSON	PERSON asked if he could live with his aunt . He was at her house all the time . She took him to the zoo . She bought him a stuffed giraffe . She let him touch the stingrays .	PERSON 's son loved playing the game Minecraft . PERSON was curious and wanted to see what it was all about . He logged on and tried to play the game himself . But he was completely lost and confused . PERSON could not figure out PERSON at all !	My coworker PERSON is 45 years old . He is very tall and wide . Despite his size PERSON has a soft voice . My other coworker calls him Shrek . I think of PERSON as a cute teddy bear .	PERSON is the new manager at the local shoe store . He loves his job but finds it very demanding . his friends often come in and buy their shoes at the store . PERSON was recently voted manager of the year . He has been offered a regional position .	Llewyn is a folk musician . His friend passes away . PERSON writes a lot of sad but incredible music about it . PERSON 's career is one of fame and fortune . PERSON releases a ton of records and is very successful .	PERSON took an early interest in science . In grade school she got a microscope for Christmas . That summer she bought a chemistry set . In high school she took advanced biology . It 's no surprise that she 's applying to medical school .	PERSON had taken karate since he was a little boy . He never had to use it but he knew he could if he had to . One day there was a man trying to rob the store he was at . PERSON stepped in and used his karate to try and stop the robber . The robber shot and killed PERSON .	PERSON stole a car on Saturday . He took the stolen car to a chop shop and sold it . PERSON liked the idea of the easy money but did n't like the risk . PERSON was caught on weekend and is now in jail . He wishes he had made better choices .	PERSON is a great student . She is studying for a science exam . Science is her most difficult subject . With flashcards and study guides , she feels prepared . PERSON aces her exam .
stood up	PERSON stood outside a restaurant . He was waiting for a friend who was supposed to meet him for lunch . PERSON 's friend was more than fifteen minutes late . PERSON was hungry and tired of waiting . PERSON went inside the restaurant to order lunch alone .	PERSON was going to help her cousin at his small business . He needed her to sew some things for a project . But he never arrived to pick her up . PERSON was upset to be stood up . But at least she did n't have to spend her day sewing .	PERSON was set up on a blind date . He waited at the restaurant for her to arrive . She was late . After a while PERSON called her to see where she was . She never answered or showed up .	PERSON asked PERSON out in a date . PERSON said yes . PERSON got to the restaurant on time and waited . An hour past and PERSON still did not come . PERSON was stood up .	PERSON had been invited to the football game by a boy . She waited for him outside the stadium like they had planned . Soon too much time passed and he never arrived . She was humiliated assuming that he had stood her up . Luckily the next day he apologized and explained an emergency .	PERSON asked his crush on a date . She reluctantly agreed . PERSON set up what he thought was a perfect date . She never showed up for it . PERSON stopped talking to her after .	PERSON had been set up on a blind date by her friends . She went to the bar at the appointed hour . But after twenty minutes , her date still had not arrived . Soon PERSON was forced to confront the truth . Her blind date had stood her up !	PERSON was supposed to go on a date with PERSON . He looked at his watch . She was an hour late . He figured she would never come . He ended up being right and he never saw her again .	PERSON recently met a woman on Tinder . After several conversations , PERSON and the woman agreed to a date . PERSON decided that the picnic in the park would be a good idea . PERSON waited for over two hours for his date to arrive . After four hours of waiting , PERSON realized he was stood up .
cars	PERSON was interested in his family 's history of designing cars . He decided to give it a shot himself . His designs were crude . However , with lots of time he was able to rework them . Now he is mass producing them and they are selling well .	We used to own two cars . We paid a lot in insurance each month . We decided we needed to save money . One area we could save was our insurance costs . We sold a car and cut our insurance cost in half .	PERSON loved cars . He wanted to buy a new car . One day he went to the dealership . He was able to finance a new BMW . PERSON was so excited when he drove it off the lot .	My car was in the shop . I got a loaner from the dealer for several days . I actually liked the loaner more than my car . I joked with my wife that maybe they 'd just keep my car . But on the way to get my car , the loaner broke down .	PERSON like to drive her car . She did n't have a license though . She still drove her car around . She got pulled over by the police . She was sent to jail .	PERSON loved cars . But he could barely afford to pay his bills . He could n't resist buying new parts for his car however . And he had several other cars in his garage . But eventually , PERSON had to sell all of them to keep his house .	PERSON woke up ready to play cars . He did not want to play by himself . He asked his mom to play cars with him . She agreed . PERSON and his mom played cars all morning .	PERSON wanted to earn more money than his job paid . PERSON decided to buy and sell cars . He would buy low and sell high . He amassed a warehouse of vehicles . He made a small fortune buying and selling cars .	PERSON wanted a nice new car . His birthday was coming up . He decided to treat himself . He ended up shopping for a sports car . He ended up buying one for 40k .
birthday party	Our 2 year old granddaughter went to her cousin 's birthday party . He turned eight . They swam in the pool and had a Mario cake . Then they broke a pinata . Our granddaughter got some candy and was happy .	PERSON 's birthday party was yesterday . His parents threw a big party for him . They invited all his friends . They had all kinds of food . It was a really fun party .	PERSON had a birthday party . She was turning 21 . All of her friends came to the party . They had a really good time . PERSON was glad she was turning 21 .	PERSON was invited to her cousin 's birthday party . However , on the day of the party , PERSON got sick . PERSON was very sad that she could not go to the party . PERSON 's cousin heard that she was sick , and decided to visit her . PERSON was touched that her cousin came to see how she was feeling .	PERSON wanted to make her daughter 's birthday special . She decided to throw a big party . She got lots of food and decorations . PERSON even decided to hire a clown . The birthday party went well and PERSON 's daughter was thrilled .	I invited 20 friends to my 17th birthday party . The party was at my house . Once the party started only 10 people were there . I called one friend who informed me everyone else was another party . I was extremely hurt .	PERSON was turning twenty-one . At work , he realized that PERSON had the same birthday . PERSON was n't having a party , but PERSON was . PERSON offered to make it a joint birthday party . Both PERSON and PERSON had a great time at their party .	I went to a children 's birthday party . First , I had some cake . Next , I played with some of the kids . After , I gave the birthday boy his present . Lastly , I went home .	PERSON wanted to surprise his wife PERSON for her birthday . PERSON spent weeks tracking down her old school friends . He was able to talk to many of them . PERSON arranged to have all PERSON 's old friends come over . They surprised PERSON with a huge nostalgic birthday party .
gaming	My mother teased me for playing too many videogames . I practiced competitive games with my friends . I entered a tournament with a lot of prize money . I earned $ 10,000 with my win in the tournament . My mother actually apologized to me for the teasing .	PERSON likes video games . He really wanted a new game . Everybody else also wanted the same new game . PERSON waited in line for a copy of the new game . He played the game for hours when he got home .	PERSON and his brother were invited to a PERSON PERSON party / The party was at Cody 's best friend PERSON 's house . They played PERSON PERSON all day and had a ton of fun . Once it got late at night they were forced to go to bed . In the morning they went home excited for the next game day .	PERSON spent a lot of time playing video games . A new video game was coming out soon . PERSON saved up money so that he could buy it . When the game came out he bought it immediately . He spent the next week playing the game .	PERSON enjoyed playing video games at PERSON 's house . John noticed PERSON was irritated during the game . John always won the game . PERSON thought it was funny his friend would get upset . PERSON never lost to his friend in that game .	PERSON went to the casino with $ 20 , hoping to win big . But she lost $ 1 at a time until she was almost broke ! She bet her very last dollar at slots . To her surprise , alarms started ringing . Min had won the $ 5000 jackpot !	PERSON likes to play video games . He is a very competitive person . When he gets a game he tries to be the very best at it . PERSON 's family wishes that he did not play so many games . PERSON often misses things because he would rather be playing games .	PERSON loved playing video games . PERSON decided to become a video game developer . PERSON studied very hard in school and went to college . After graduating college PERSON was offered several jobs in gaming . PERSON selected his dream job and designed his own video game .	A team competed in an NBA 2K tournament . They did really good in the rounds . They went to LOCATION LOCATION to compete . They performed really well ! They won the competition .
bored	PERSON was constantly bored . So he decided to get a job . Initially , he thought it required too much work . But he enjoyed the sense of accomplishment it gave him . PERSON was happy he was no longer bored too .	PERSON was looking forward to spending the day with his girlfriend . She came over an hour later . He started the day off by playing a movie . His girlfriend grew tired of watching the movie . She left early and agreed to meet up with PERSON another time .	Gloria was bored on a rainy Sunday morning . She could n't find anything that she wanted to watch on TV . She started to organize her closet , but that was n't fun . Finally , PERSON resorted to watching funny cat videos online . She finally enjoyed her day .	The kids could n't find anything to do . THey were very bored ! Their mom told them to play outside . They all complained about the heat . They laid in the shade and talked .	PERSON was very bored . He watched some tv and called his friend . Apparently there was a party . He went there but it was boring . He went back home .	PERSON wanted to learn computer programming . So he decided to watch lecture videos about it . But they always made him fall asleep . He had little motivation to practice as well . And PERSON decided that programming was n't for him .	PERSON was bored . So she decided to eat . She ate chocolate , candy , cookies , and milk . But she began to feel sick later . PERSON was no longer bored .	PERSON was bored in class . He tried to pay attention but he just could n't . He decided he would ask questions to stay awake . He stayed engaged with his teacher . PERSON was not bored anymore !	The kids did n't have anything to do . They were so bored ! They decided to play a game to entertain themselves . They went to the game cabinet and picked the most exciting game . They had fun for hours with it .
out of gas	The PERSON family was driving to LOCATION . The car ran out of gas ! The family had to walk all the way to the gas station . They filled up the car with gas . The family made it to LOCATION safely .	PERSON went to the gas station to fill his gas tank . He drove on the highway afterwards . Since the gas tank had a hole on it , gas leaked out . PERSON 's car stopped working on the road . His friend had to tow his car .	PERSON was driving home from work . His car died because it was out of gas . The needle showed that it still had plenty . PERSON did n't remember the last time he put gas . PERSON needed to get the gauge fixed .	PERSON was driving around when his car broke down . The gas gauge showed it had fuel . PERSON had to call for help . They told him he had no gas in his car . The gauge had just gotten stuck .	PERSON was driving down a long , dark country road . Suddenly his car sputtered to a stop . PERSON saw that he 'd run out of gas ! He got his gas can and started walking back down the road . He had to walk five miles before he saw a gas station !	PERSON is driving home when he runs out of gas . Luckily PERSON has a gas can in his car . He has to walk two miles to the gas station and back . He puts the gas into his car . PERSON drives to the gas station and fills up .	I drove to LOCATION LOCATION for the weekend . My car stopped working . I saw that the tank was empty . I had to walk to the gas station . I 'll remember to pay more attention next time .	I noticed my car was low on gas . I thought I could make it to the next exit . I kept on driving . My car started sputtering . All of a sudden it stopped and was out of gas .	PERSON was riding his dirt bike in the woods . He began to ride down a small dirt road away from his friends . While on the road , his dirt bike began to stop working . Suddenly , PERSON 's dirt bike ran out of gas and he was alone . PERSON had to push the dirt bike five miles back to his truck .
broken	PERSON 's ceiling fan was broken . He wanted to try to save money by fixing it himself . While trying , though , he fell and broke his arm . The hospital bill ended up costing more than the repair would have . He went ahead and hired a repairman after that .	PERSON was a running back for his team . The worse thing happened to him . As he was running with the ball he was tackled by the legs . He got his leg broken . He was going to miss the whole football season .	PERSON was walking home from work one day . She noticed chirping coming from the bushes . PERSON looked and found a bird with a broken wing . She took the bird home so it could heal safely . The bird grew strong and flew away soon after .	PERSON is always relying on her cellphone . She uses it for everything in her life . Yesterday , she was getting into her car and her phone fell . The LCD screen broke and she was really mad about it . Luckily , she had insurance and replaced it with a new one .	PERSON thought it was a good idea to wash the blankets on his bed . He load the washing machine as full as it would go . He put soap in the washer and shut the lid . Later he went to get the clothes out of the washer . The load was to full and PERSON broke the washing machine .	PERSON was running through the house when he knocked something over . He looked down to see his mom 's angel statue broken on the ground . PERSON was crying when he went to tell his mom what happened . PERSON and his mom gathered the pieces and glued them back together . PERSON smiled as he put the angel back where she belonged .	I sat down to eat some nuts . I put a handful into my mouth . I began to chew them quickly . I heard a cracking sound . One of my teeth had broken in half .	PERSON needed an egg for her cake mix . Luckily , she had one left . But as she grabbed it from the fridge , it fell and broke ! PERSON had to make the cake without an egg . It tasted edible , but not very good .	A bully pushed PERSON down in the school yard . Her glasses fell off her face into the dirt . Then the bully stepped on them ! PERSON 's mom frowned when she saw the shattered lens . She made PERSON pay for the new lens out of her allowance .
taxi	A couple was picked up by the taxi . A taxi driver drove them to the middle of the woods . Suddenly , his car died . He went to see what was happening . The car sank into the mud .	I wanted to become a taxi driver . My parents disapproved because I had a degree . But , I quit my job regardless and became a taxi driver . Being a taxi driver was difficult and soon I gave up . I realized I should have stuck with a white-collar job .	PERSON drove a taxi in LOCATION . One evening , he picked up a beautiful woman . PERSON tried to ask her on a date . The woman was creeped out and asked to leave . PERSON drove home in dismay .	I was sitting on the bench last month . Our building bench is in front of a driveway . A taxi was parked in the driveway , and the driver looked angry . An old man came out and the driver said he was 30 minutes late . The old man only smiled at the glaring taxi driver .	PERSON needed to get across town to the store . She did n't have a car of her own . Her husband had taken the family car to work . A quick call and she was waiting for the taxi . She got in and they were off to the store !	PERSON loved to ride on taxis . She liked them because she did n't have to drive . One day , she went to another country . After that , she searched for many hours for a taxi . Finally , she found one taxi near a mall .	Carol got off work really late one night . She could not find a cab anywhere . She ended up walking for a long time . She finally got a cab . She was so relieved to finally get home !	PERSON was sitting in his taxi waiting for a customer . Someone got in and told him to drive . He asked where to . The man pulled out a gun and told him just to drive . He looked behind him and saw a man in a mask .	PERSON was new to living in LOCATION LOCATION . He was very shy and did n't like to get in the way . One day he needed to call a taxi for the first time . He nervously raised his hand and waited a bit . He quickly decided to take the bus instead .
new game	I was very excited about a new game coming out . It was going to be out in a few weeks so I was very excited . I nearly could n't wait for the game ! After school I picked it up right away from the store . I really enjoyed playing it and was so satisfied .	PERSON loved playing solitaire . She played everyday . She always won . Yet today when she tried playing , she could n't win . PERSON started a new game .	I started a new video game . I created five characters . After a few battles , I started the game over . This time I created better characters , I thought . I lost the first battle .	PERSON wanted to buy a brand new video game . He did n't have enough money to buy it , though . He spent the next month collecting cans . He turned the cans in for cash . He went out and bought the game .	PERSON invited his friends over to play a new board game . Nobody had played this game before except PERSON . PERSON won all night . His friends were upset so they went home . PERSON realized he should have chosen a game that was fun for everyone .	PERSON wanted to create a video game . He took a course to learn computer languages and coding . He used his knowledge to write a video game app . He sold the app . He made lots of money and was happy .	A boy received a new game from his parents . He sat down to play it immediately . It was totally immersive and he spent many hours on it . In fact , he missed some work shifts because of it and was fired . The boy stopped playing games entirely after that incident .	PERSON 's soccer team was tied with opposing team last game . As a result , the teams were forced to play again . This time PERSON 's team won . They each got gold trophies . PERSON and her team cheered .	PERSON was excited for a new game coming out . He made sure to pre-order it . The game was terrible . PERSON was severely disappointed . He never pre ordered another game again .
anger	Anger raged inside the man as he listened to the people speak . They were plotting against him and his family . He knew that something must be done to stop them . He withdrew a pistol from his jacket and stepped around the corner . He fired nine shots and the people lay dead .	PERSON punched the wall . She made a hole the shape of her fist . She bought some putty to fix the hole . She fixed the hole . She worked on her anger management .	PERSON had an anger issue . He would lash out at anyone he sees . His parents brought him to counselling . He started getting better just by talking to someone . He no longer has the issues .	PERSON had anger problems . His parents would try to calm him down . They finally sent him to anger management classes . He hated being there . In time though , he got much better .	PERSON decided to meet up with PERSON because she was sad . Her boyfriend broke up with her without an explanation . PERSON was a little hesitant to meet up with her . He told PERSON that her ex boyfriend was n't a good person to pursue . However , he showed his support for PERSON by comforting her .	PERSON made fun of her brother . Her brother pushed her down . PERSON told her mom . Her mom grounded her brother . Her brother felt angry at being grounded .	I am Chinese . One day an eight year old boy made fun of my race . I stopped my bike and went to the boy . I offered to rearrange his face . He ran away , scared .	PERSON was sent to anger management class . He learned to work through his issues . Soon his anger grew gradually lower . In a few months he was calm and under control . Anger management classes had really worked for PERSON !	I could n't control my anger very well . My parents would yell at me , and I ran to my room . I buried my head in a pillow and screamed . I threw my pillow and hit it hard . I tried to express my anger without them knowing .
the tree	The family bought a new house . THey planted an oak tree in the front yard . After just a few years , the tree had grown very tall . They loved the reminder of how long they had been in that house . The tree grew another five feet that year .	There is a huge tree in my backyard . I usually climb the tree and sit on one of the limbs . While up in the tree , I can see into my neighbor 's homes . One neighbor offered to help me build a treehouse , but I declined . To my dismay , someone cut that tree down .	PERSON stood at the base of the tree and looked up into the branches . He reached for one limb and started to climb . Halfway up the tree , he inched out onto one particular limb . The kite dangled on the end and he dragged it closer . His friends cheered when PERSON safely retrieved the kite .	The family planted an apple tree in the back yard . Within a few years , they had apples to pick from it ! They would gather them up every few days . The tree started giving them more apples than they could eat . The family started giving them to neighbors .	PERSON and PERSON were cousins who played little league baseball together . At the park where they usually played , there was a magnolia tree . PERSON was always tempting PERSON to go climb it after their games . One day , PERSON finally agreed to climb the tree . After the game , PERSON climbed the tree .	PERSON planted a tree when she was very young . As she aged , the tree did , too . When she graduated from high school , the tree was twenty feet tall . PERSON moved away a long time ago . When she visited last week , she drove by again to see how tall it is .	There was a tree blocking the sun from my house . I decided to cut it down with my chainsaw . The tree fell the wrong direction and hit my house . Now I have to fix my roof . The good news is there is plenty of sun while I work on my roof .	Little PERSON loved to climb trees . His mother thought it was dangerous . One day when his mother was n't watching , he climbed a big tree . PERSON fell and broke his ankle . PERSON never climbed a tree again .	The family loved Christmas . They always picked out the perfect Christmas tree . This year , they found one that was very tall and full . They took it home and decorated it carefully . When it was all lit up , they stood back to admire it .
the carnival	Every year , a carnival came to town . Kids loved to ride the ferris wheel . Last year , The Scrambler made its debut . A ride always broke before the end of the carnival . All the kids in town looked forward to that week .	PERSON and PERSON were very excited ! The carnival had come to town . They rode every ride and ate some cotton candy . They played some games and won a prize . They could n't wait until next year !	PERSON loved to go to the carnival . He went to the carnival every year . PERSON went to the carnival and threw up on one of the rides . PERSON was kicked out of the carnival and banned for life . PERSON kept going to the carnival by wearing a disguise .	PERSON was a face painter at the city 's holiday carnival . She enjoyed seeing the smiles on children 's faces . A little girl asked for a butterfly on her cheek . When PERSON painted it on , she added tiny hearts on the wings . When the girl saw it in the mirror , she giggled happily .	I was driving down the street . I saw that the carnival was in town . I stopped by on my way home . I watched some crazy shows and ate snacks . I went home and had fun .	I needed some excitement in my life . I took a random drive down a road I had never traveled . I found a strange carnival . I ate food and rode on the rides . I was so happy that I stopped at this wonderful place .	PERSON and PERSON felt sick . They had been on twelve carnival rides in a row . They decided to go on one more . It was the PERSON wheel . At the very top , PERSON threw up on the crowd below .	I took my girlfriend to the carnival last night . To impress her I tried to win her a stuffed animal . I paid to throw balls and knock over bottles . I was n't able to get a single one . After I decided to just buy her one instead .	The family had been riding rides all night . The carnival had come to their town . They finished their night off with a ride on the Scrambler . It was their favorite ride . When they got off , they could hardly walk straight .
golf	PERSON tried out for the golf team . He assumed that they would teach him to gold but that was n't the case . The coaches were looking for people who already knew how to golf . PERSON did not join the team but instead went home and practiced hard . A year later he tried out for the team again and was selected .	My uncle really liked playing golf . He went to the golf course every day to practice . He learned new tricks and got better and better . Unfortunately , he lost his sight recently and ca n't golf anymore . But he still enjoys going and hear people cheering during a game .	PERSON was playing golf with his co workers . He hit a ball into a sand pit . PERSON hit the ball and sand was kicked up onto his boss . The boss grimaced and shouted at PERSON . PERSON decided to quit his job because of his bosses intolerance .	Goldie loves to golf . Her mom wants her to join a dance team . Goldie decided to take her mom golfing . Her mom realized she was very talented . Goldie is allowed to golf as much as she wants now .	PERSON was an avid golfer . PERSON invited his friends to join him . PERSON 's friends never golfed before . PERSON 's friends had more fun offroading in the golf cart . PERSON scoffed and laughed at the same time at his friend 's behavior .	I always thought golf was for old people . One day , my dad invited me to play golf with him . I reluctantly accepted his invitation . On the golf range I saw lots of people my age . I realized golf was a sport for everyone to enjoy regardless of age .	PERSON found a new place to golf . The grass was manicured and beautiful . He started golfing there every evening . He bought new clubs and a membership . PERSON was glad he had a new play to improve his game .	Adam wanted to play golf like his dad . Together the two went to the country club . There , PERSON tried to copy the moves and tips his dad taught him . But he just could n't get the hang of it , and he hung his dad . But his dad hugged him and said golf did n't matter - he loved PERSON !	PERSON was horrible at golf . Him and his buddies played every Friday . PERSON would always lose . So PERSON practice his golf skills and got better . PERSON won the recent game against his friends .
zoo	The PERSON family went to the zoo . They packed a picnic lunch to take with them . They parked a long way away so it did n't cost anything extra . In the zoo the kids were mesmerized by it all . Their favorite part was the penguin exhibit .	PERSON was going to the zoo with his parents . He could not wait ! He was so excited . He ended up having an amazing time . PERSON loved the zoo !	PERSON wanted to do something fun . He asked his friends if they wanted to join him . He suggested they visit a zoo . PERSON and his friends went to the zoo . Everyone had fun at the zoo .	This was PERSON 's first time at the zoo . She had never seen a tiger or an elephant . She loved taking pictures of all of the animals . At the end of the day she decided her favorite animal . It was an antelope .	PERSON has never been to a zoo . His boyfriend surprised him to a trip to the zoo on his birthday . PERSON got to see so many animals he has never seen in person . His favorite animals were the otters and elephants . PERSON can not wait to go again .	PERSON has n't been to a circus since she was a kid . She found out that there was a circus coming to town this weekend . She decided to go with her friends . She had a blast reliving her childhood memories . She ca n't wait for the circus to come to town again .	PERSON 's kids wanted to go to the zoo . PERSON and his wife were too busy . They asked their grandparents to take them . They thought that was a great idea . The kids had a great time at the zoo !	PERSON and his mom went to the zoo on a field trip . PERSON was most excited about riding the zoo train . When they arrived at the zoo , they bought tickets for the train . On the train ride , PERSON was able to see many zoo animals . It was a successful trip .	I wanted to take the kids to the zoo . It was Saturday and we had no other plans . We got in the car and drove to the zoo . The kids loved looking at the animals . The monkeys were everybody 's favorite .
free food	PERSON was at the drive through . They were taking a long time . PERSON was frustrated . The workers apologized and gave him free food . PERSON was satisfied with the arrangement .	PERSON went to his favorite cafe on his birthday . He told the waiter that it was his birthday today . The waiter said that his meal would be his gift to PERSON . PERSON thanked the waiter a lot . He left the waiter a large tip .	The lady gave me a free burger and fries . I was prepared to pay for my meal . She had remembered my request . I had once asked for free food . I went to that McDonald 's every day .	PERSON won a contest for a chain restaurant . He received two free meals a day for life . PERSON could never eat that much at a single place . He invited all his friends out to eat every day . Everyone appreciated him paying for their meals .	The owner of a bar wanted to attract more customers . He posted a sign that announced free food during happy hour . Many people saw the sign and word got around . The next week there was a boom of business . The bar owner had to hire more staff to handle the new customers .	PERSON was on a long flight . She heard her stomach growling , but had no money for food . Apparently , an attendant heard as well and offered PERSON a meal . PERSON double checked that the food was on the house . It was , so she enjoyed the whole plate .	PERSON and PERSON were drinking a chocolate shake together . But PERSON was upset that PERSON was drinking most of it . PERSON said it was his birthday . And the waiter gave him a free ice cream . Now they did n't have to share .	The computer in the supermarket had a glitch . When a can of soup was scanned it came up as $ 60 . No one noticed the problem all day . When the manager collected the money at night he was shocked . He decided to keep the mistake for now .	PERSON was working in a fast food store . He would give away food to his friends . A co-worker reported Al. . His boss even caught him on video . PERSON was fired from his job .
sleepy	I was feeling very sleepy . Alas , I had a project to finish . I decided to drink some coffee . However , I fell asleep . Thus , I did n't finish the project so I failed it !	PERSON was incredibly tired one morning . But he forced himself out of bed . He boiled water on the stove to use for coffee . But he was so tired he went back to bed . After he woke up , he saw a steaming , boiling pot on the stove .	PERSON noticed he was always tired so he went to the doctor for help . His doctor asked PERSON if he slept through the night regularly . PERSON could n't remember the last time he had slept through the night . The doctor gave him a small sample of sleeping pills to try . After taking a pill for four nights , PERSON felt awake during the day .	PERSON was always tired . Even if he slept his eight hours a night , he 'd nap . So when his girlfriend came over one night , he did the same . She woke him up . And she stormed on him as he fell asleep while they were kissing .	I decided to go to a party . It was late at night and I was sleepy . I regretted my decision but I decided to stay at the party . The next day , I felt terrible . I learned that I should not go to parties late a night .	PERSON took a flight from LOCATION LOCATION to LOCATION . The flight was long with only one layover . He barely slept on the plane . He arrived in LOCATION . He was so sleepy that he got robbed on the Indian streets .	My little cousin came to visit this morning . She took one look up at me and said she did n't remember me being tall . Then she said maybe she was just little . She asked if I was sleepy , and I said yes . She laid down beside me to take a nap .	PERSON was awake all night long . The next morning , he was very tired . PERSON decided to drive a car . He crashed his car while driving . PERSON is in the hospital .	PERSON was feeling drowsy for some reason one day . He hurriedly finished the rest of his chores . Afterwards , he undressed and laid in his bed . He set his alarm for two hours later and fell asleep . But 20 minutes into his nap , the doorbell rang and woke him up .
bee sting	PERSON had never experienced a big sting . He thought that bee stings were no big deal . One day he was mowing the lawn and a wasp stung him in the shoulder . The pain was shocking to the extreme . PERSON now understood why people feared bee stings .	PERSON was on a picnic in the park . She was pouring sweet soda to drink . Suddenly a bee flew onto the rim of her cup . PERSON swished at it , but it grew mad and stung her ! PERSON cried from the pain of the sting .	I went to a barbecue at my uncle 's house today . There was a bee flying around my food . I tried to swat it with my arm . The bee buzzed and stung me on the arm . I was in so much pain .	I went to my backyard to ride on the swings . After several minutes , a bee flew in my direction . It landed on my ear and bit bee . I immediately jumped out of the swings and ran . My mom decided to clean the sting with some alcohol .	PERSON was enjoying her lovely afternoon at the park . She was reading a book when she felt a sharp pain in her arm . Her arm was swollen due to a bee sting ! PERSON went home immediately . Her mom iced the area to help the pain .	PERSON was outside in the garden . While she was planting flowers , a bee stung her . She started getting dizzy . She yelled out for help . PERSON had an allergic reaction and passed out .	PERSON was hiking in the forest . PERSON was stung by an angry bee . PERSON was allergic to bees . PERSON immediately hiked out of the woods . PERSON went to the emergency room to get treated .	It was a sunny afternoon . Our Grandmother made us go outside to play . As soon as we got outside I heard my brother crying . I then felt a sharp sting and watched a bee fly off . Me and my brother both ran back inside to Grandma .	PERSON was playing outside . She was looking at her neighbor 's flowers . There were bees in the neighbor 's flowerbed . One of the bees was agitated by PERSON . PERSON was stung by the bee .
cheese	I loved eating cheese ! Alas , rare cheeses were too expensive for me to afford . I decided to try my hand at homemade cheese . Alas , I did n't have the patience to wait for my cheese to age . Ultimately , I decided to cut my cable bill so I could buy rare cheese .	Harry could n't decide what cheese to buy . He likes gouda . He also likes mozzarella . He decided to buy the gouda . He ate it for dinner .	My husband said he was craving cheese . I went to buy groceries the next day . I noticed a cheese assortment in a tray . I purchased it and took it home to him . He smiled when he saw it , and said thank you .	PERSON loved french cheese . Alas , he had to travel to LOCATION . French cheese was not common there . But , he discovered an Indian cheese called paneer . PERSON loved it more than French cheese !	On Sunday my wife and I went down to our apartment building lobby . They had free coffee there , plus a tv . We watched a show about traveling in LOCATION . The dessert was a cheese assortment . I had cheese for dessert that very night .	PERSON was making tacos for dinner . In the middle of cooking she realized she had forgotten to buy cheese . She asked her husband to run to the store and buy some . He husband was annoyed , but went anyway . The family enjoyed their tacos with cheese that evening .	The man squeezed the cheese . It felt too firm . He asked the grocer for a softer cheese . The grocer suggested brie cheese . The man bought the brie .	PERSON had a goat , and decided to make her own cheese . She milked the goat , then followed the online instructions . When it was time to taste her cheese , she was nervous . But one bite set her mind at ease . The cheese was even better than store-bought mozzarella !	I opened the fridge to find something to eat . I saw chocolate cake and cheese . I could n't decide if I wanted cake or chocolate . I reached for the cake . Then I changed my mind and ate cheese instead .
dreams	PERSON had a lot of bad dreams . Then her mom stopped allowing her to watch horror movies . Soon PERSON had stopped waking up with night terrors . After a few weeks , she even started having happy dreams ! PERSON realized the horror movies had been hurting her .	PERSON was taught by his father how to play basketball . PERSON love for basketball started then . PERSON wanted to be in the NBA so he played in high school . PERSON got a scholarship to USC after playing good in high school . After playing good in USC , PERSON got drafted by the LA Lakers .	Will had a recurring dream about being trapped in a cellar . After several times of dreaming this , Will thought he needed help . Will talked with a psychologist , telling him about the dream . Will was relieved to hear the doctor 's response . The doctor told Will recurring dreams are common and not to worry !	PERSON loved being around nature . He seemed to never have time for it because of his job . One day , he found the perfect job for him and his passions . He put his resume together and applied for a park ranger position . Now he can quit his old job and become a better park ranger .	PERSON had a bad dream . He woke up in a cold sweat . He opened up his journal . He wrote down the dream . He went back to sleep .	PERSON always wanted to play in the olympics . He played basketball his whole life . He trained hard and traveled to other states for tryouts . PERSON heard of tryouts for the olympics and wanted to try . He did n't make it and promised to continue training .	I had a dream last night . It was very disturbing . My son climbed a door and rolled over the top . He fell to the ground below . He laid there unable to move .	I had a dream last night about my dog . Someone made me sell him . I ran into him a few weeks later . He ran to me and refused to go back to his new owners . I woke up and cuddled him when I realized it was just a dream .	PERSON wanted to be a famous singer . She decided to try out for a television competition . The judges told her she was a terrible singer . PERSON was heartbroken . Her grandma still thinks she should try to sing professionally .
losing weight	PERSON needed to lose weight . He did n't even know where to start . He started walking to the store daily . Soon , the weight just started melting off . He kept walking more and more , eventually meeting his weight loss goal .	PERSON made a new year 's resolution to lose weight . This was the fourth time he had done so . PERSON was sure he would stick to it this time . He went to the gym for about a month . After that he just went back to his old routines .	Frank wanted to get buff . So he got some weights . He started to work out . He worked out for months . Frank got buff .	PERSON was 20 pounds overweight . She hated to workout or participate in any kind of exercise . She did n't want to give up the foods she loved . A friend suggested that she just cut down on 25 % of the food she eats . She followed this advice and has already lost 5 pounds .	PERSON was nearly 100 pounds overweight . She decided to finally lose the weight by exercising . She started walking one mile a day at first . Within two months , PERSON was walking nearly 50 miles per week . PERSON lost the weight she wanted to within a year 's time .	PERSON wanted to lose weight . She was eating healthy and had lost ten pounds . She decided to start working out , too . She was determined to be in shape before summer . She had a goal in sight !	PERSON had been overweight nearly all of his life . He finally decided that he should do something about it . PERSON made a resolution to lose fifty pounds . He ate healthier foods and exercised . PERSON was able to achieve a healthy weight .	PERSON was severely overweight . Her doctor told her she needed to lose some . She was starting to have severe medical problems . Unfortunately PERSON had no self control . She kept gaining weight and died of a heart attack .	PERSON was told he was fat last summer . It motivated him to work out . He worked out for a year . He saw that same person . PERSON was told he lost weight .
babysitting	I was talking to a coworker the other day . I told her that I had to go home early to babysit . She said it is not babysitting when it is your own kids . I felt embarrassed that I had said this . I resolved to spend less time at work and more time with my children .	I once babysat the little brother of one of my friends . The boy was one and a half and very attached to his mom . They left me alone with the baby , and he would n't stop crying . I tried everything , even hiding from him , but he would n't stop . Finally I placed him in a pile of pillows on the floor and he calmed .	PERSON was excited that she was babysitting for a new family . They were paying twice what she normally made . After the parents left she found out why . The kids were terrible and would n't listen . She vowed she would not watch them again for any amount of money .	PERSON was babysitting her four year old niece . She decided to leave the room to get something in the kitchen . When PERSON came back , her niece was drawing on the walls . PERSON scrubbed the wall for an hour while her niece giggled . Her sister never noticed a thing .	Kia was fifteen and had been told she had to babysit her sister . Her sister was thirteen and Kia thought she would have a boring night . But she ended up very surprised . She and her sister played board games , watched movies , and giggled . Kia ended up having a very fun night !	PERSON and PERSON were proud parents of a newborn . They both led busy lives . They considered getting a nanny . They later hired a nanny . The nanny worked out and helped them out tremendously .	PERSON was babysitting for a new family . They were paying $ 12 an hour which was double her normal rate . She soon found out why . The children were terribly behaved . She vowed that she would not return for any amount of money .	LOCATION wanted to stay with her Aunt PERSON so bad . She finally was able to convince her mom to let her stay . She packed up all of her belongings that she needed , even her bear . She thought about all the fun and exciting things that she would do . She had such a great time and ca n't wait to do it again !	PERSON took a job babysitting her neighbor 's kid . Just before bedtime , the child spilled juice on the couch cushion . PERSON tried to clean it but the stain would n't come out . She hid the stain by flipping the couch cushion . PERSON felt guilty for hiding the mistake from her neighbor .
the new baby	PERSON 's wife was about to have a baby . PERSON was really nervous about being a father . He obsessively read baby books because he did n't want to mess up . Finally , the baby was born and PERSON met his new son . PERSON felt confident that he was going to be fine after all .	PERSON is going to have a baby today . She went into the hospital and got all set . She was in pain , but pushed to see her baby girl . The baby was born , perfect and pink . PERSON felt so much joy holding her new baby girl .	PERSON was going to visit her sister today . She had just had a new baby and PERSON wanted to meet her . As soon as she arrived she went searching for the baby . But first , her friend made her wash her hands . Finally she was able to cuddle the baby .	PERSON was six months pregnant with twins . She was having a lot of contractions . The doctor told her to come in and get checked out . She was hooked up to lots of machines . She stayed there for five hours .	The family had three member for 2 Years . The dog knew something was about the change . When the mom went into labor , the dog was nervous acting . The baby was brought home . The dog never left the baby 's side .	PERSON was so excited to get a new baby sister . His mom and PERSON told him that soon he would be a big brother . PERSON learned everything he could about having a baby sister . When his sister finally came he could n't believe it ! He was the best big brother to his new baby sister .	PERSON 's mom was having a baby . PERSON was very excited for this new baby . However when the baby was born she noticed a change . This change was that she was n't getting as much attention . PERSON wished her sibling had never been born .	PERSON was an only child . One day , her mother had to go to the hospital . PERSON was a little afraid . Her mother was gone for a whole day . When she came home , she brought a brand new baby !	At the ultrasound , the doctor told LOCATION she 's having a boy . LOCATION and her husband were happy to have a son . The day came to have the baby . When the baby was delivered , it turned out to be a girl ! The parents were delighted by the surprise .
spelling bee	Priya was a contestant in the spelling bee . She was nervous about competing . She had been studying for a while . When it was her turn , she spelled her words correctly . Priya ended up winning the entire spelling bee .	PERSON studied for weeks before the spelling bee . On the day of the bee , she was very nervous . She took her place at the front of the auditorium . She spelled all her words correctly and won . PERSON became her school spelling bee champion .	May practiced all week for the big school spelling bee . When the spelling bee finally came , May was shaking with nerves . She felt comforted when she saw her parents in the audience . The contest came down to May and another girl . May won the spelling bee when the other girl missed the word irony .	PERSON was in his school 's spelling bee . He had a pretty good chance to win . He started getting nervous toward the end . Yet he was skilled enough for it not to matter . PERSON easily took first place .	PERSON was always a good speller . He decided to enter his high-school 's spelling bee . He made it all the way to the finals . He got third place . It was much better than anybody expected .	Priya was the best speller in her class . Her teacher decided to enter her in a spelling bee . Priya won the first spelling bee . She then advanced to the state level . She won it as well and went to nationals .	PERSON thinks he is the best student in the class at spelling . PERSON does not study for the spelling bee . The other students spend hours studying the words . PERSON gets knocked out in the tenth round at the spelling bee . PERSON wins round ten by spelling pneumonia correctly .	PERSON won every spelling bee when she was in fourth grade . Now she was in fifth grade . The words would be much harder . She learned new words all summer to prepare . At the first spelling bee in fifth grade she knew every word !	PERSON won the school spelling bee . Winning sent him to the district spelling bee . Before the spelling bee PERSON caught the flu . PERSON went to the spelling bee anyway . PERSON lost the spelling bee in the first round .
new bike	PERSON went to the store to look for a new bike He found a shiny new blue one that he loved . Unfortunately the bike cost more then PERSON had to spend . He did odd jobs for a week to raise the money . PERSON went back to the store and purchased the bike .	PERSON did n't like wasting gas driving to nearby places . So he bought a bicycle . He used his city 's bike path . And he enjoyed beating traffic . PERSON ended up using his bike more than his car .	PERSON did n't like walking to school . So she saved up money for a bike . She was happy about how much shorter her walk to school was . And eventually , she began to bike to faraway places in her town . PERSON was glad she bought a bike .	Peg loved to mountain bike . PERSON decided she wanted to buy a new mountain bike . Peg went shopping for mountain bikes and saw the prices . PERSON realized she had to work overtime to afford a new bike . PERSON decided she liked her old bike better .	PERSON needed a new bike . He had worn his out . He finally decided to buy a new one . He decided on one that was black and blue . He was so excited to ride to school on a new bike .	PERSON wanted a new bike . He did not have enough money for one . He decided to save up . He also did odd jobs for money . He finally had enough for a new bike .	A man crashed his bike . He needed to buy a new one . He went to a bike shop . He found one he liked . He bought it .	PERSON had an old bicycle . It kept breaking on him . PERSON kept fixing it each time . The last time it broke his parents surprised him with a new bike . PERSON was excited and incredibly thankful .	PERSON has been saving up for a new bike . He worked every day mowing lawns . Finally he earned enough money . He went to the store to get his bike . Now all of his friends are jealous of his new bike .
wrong order	PERSON was at Taco Bell late at night . He used the drive through . He did n't check his order until after he got home . They gave him someone else 's food . It was better than what he got so he just kept it .	PERSON asked his girlfriend to get him some food . He specifically told her what he wanted . When she got home the order was wrong . PERSON got really upset about it . They got into a huge fight and broke up soon after .	PERSON called to order a pizza . It was late to arrive . PERSON called to complain . When it got there it was the wrong order . PERSON never ordered from there again .	PERSON was getting fast food . He went up to get his food when they called his order . PERSON noticed none of the food he wanted was there . The order number had been accidentally switched . PERSON had to wait a bit longer for his actual food to come out .	I went to the restaurant yesterday . It was good . But when I got there something happened . I got the wrong order . So I had to return it immediately .	PERSON decided to get fast food . She used a drive through and ordered two cheeseburgers . When she got her food , she noticed it was n't what she ordered . PERSON found a salad , parfait , and chicken wrap . But she thought it would be a good idea to eat healthier food .	PERSON ordered a pizza . The delivery guy took him the wrong one . It was better than what PERSON ordered . They let him keep it and gave him a coupon . PERSON was pleasantly surprised .	PERSON moved her car towards the pick-up window ? The cashier handed a bag to her . She looked into the bag to see if her order came out right . She only saw an ice cream cone in the bag . PERSON got furious and decided to walk into the store to argue .	My mom asked me what I wanted to eat . I told her that I wanted a hamburger with french fries . When she came home , she brought huge bag of groceries . When , I looked inside , here was only raw meat and vegetables . She changed her mind about fast food and decided to cook .
snoring	He was snoring in my ear . I tried to wake him up . It did n't work at rousing him . I rolled him onto his side . He finally stopped snoring .	A new roommate moved into my apartment . He was one of the nicest people I have ever met . Unfortunately , he snored so loudly that I could not sleep . I finally confronted him about his snoring . He was so nice that he bought me earplugs to wear at night .	The dog was asleep in bed . She started snoring . Her owner kicked her off . The dog cried . The dog went downstairs .	She snored loudly , much to her embarrassment . He often woke her up to tell her . Annoyed , she would grumble and roll over . She hated being woken up . Eventually she would stop snoring .	PERSON has a dog . Her dog snores . The snoring sounds like a human . It shakes the bed . It rattles the room .	PERSON snored in his sleep . His wife could n't sleep because of his snoring . PERSON decided to ask his doctor for suggestions . His doctor gave him some medication . PERSON stopped snoring but unfortunately became very gassy in bed .	PERSON snored when he slept . His wife would wake up every night . They were both sleepy during the day . He went to the doctor and got a mask when he slept . Now they both feel much better .	PERSON 's husband snores at night so much that she ca n't sleep . PERSON tried everything to get him to stop . Nothing she did seemed to help with the noise . PERSON moved out into the living room on the couch at night . PERSON now sleeps soundly at night and gets a good sleep .	My husband told me I snore too much . I tried everything to stop . I changed positions when he woke me up . I started using a nose guard . I continued to snore like a freight train .
alarm	PERSON came home and his smoke detector was going off . PERSON looked all around the house but found no fire or smoke . PERSON looked on the internet for what could be causing the alarm . PERSON realized it was the failing batteries . PERSON replaced the batteries and the alarm shut off again .	I was cleaning my kitchen last night . A loud beeping started up . It took me forever to locate the source . Finally , I noticed it was coming from the refrigerator . When I closed the door all the way , the beeping stopped .	PERSON needed to wake up early the next day . PERSON set the alarm on his smart phone . PERSON set the tone volume too loud . PERSON slept through the alarm . PERSON was upset the alarm did not wake him up .	PERSON has to be at work at 8am every day . She sets three alarms . She woke up at 6am . However , she fell back asleep . PERSON was late for work .	PERSON did n't like to wake up early in the morning . He always put his alarm on snooze and went back to sleep . As he had an important meeting , he bought two other alarms . He set them all at the same time . And when the three alarms sounded together , PERSON woke up right away .	PERSON did n't want to go to class . He had poor attendance and could n't skip the class . Before class began he pulled a fire alarm . Ink sprayed out and covered his hand . He stood outside with the other students hiding his hand in his pocket	PERSON had a very important meeting the next day . She knew that she needed an alarm . PERSON ran to the store quickly to purchase one . After she bought it , and set it next to her bed . The next day , PERSON woke up at the right time .	The alarm sounded loudly in PERSON 's ear . Quickly , he grabbed the neon yellow jacket and flags . He heard the panic begin to rise among his co-workers . Calmly , he ushered the group out of the building . In the parking lot , PERSON did a headcount to ensure everyone was there .	Angel forgot to set her alarm . She woke up when the light came in through the window . Angel looked at the clock and saw she was late for work . She called her boss and told him she overslept . The boss laughed and told her to take her time coming in .
a trip to LOCATION	PERSON was beyond excited . He had just arrived in LOCATION . For years he had dreamed of this trip . He traveled all over the country . He was so happy on his trip to LOCATION .	PERSON went to LOCATION . He asked the tour guide to show him the dragons . The tour guide told him that there are no such things as dragons . PERSON was really very disappointed . He asked for his money back , but the tour company refused .	PERSON had never been to LOCATION before . She was really loving the experience . Her sister had come along with her on the trip . They went all over LOCATION stopping in several different cities . PERSON would always remember her wonderful trip to LOCATION .	The woman had been dreaming of going to LOCATION . She made careful plans and bought a ticket . She was so excited to see the famous sights . She took lots of photos and enjoyed every second of it . She hung photos from her trip all over her house .	PERSON and her family were ready for their big trip . They were going to be traveling to LOCATION for the first time . They went and saw the sights of great cities like LOCATION and LOCATION . PERSON was so happy about the trip . It was an incredible time and she got to experience it with her family .	My dad and I flew to LOCATION . We landed in LOCATION , LOCATION . We went to the world largest mall there . They even had an indoor waterpark . We had a great day .	PERSON and her husband were happy . They were finally getting a chance to go on a trip to LOCATION . They arrived and began seeing the sights . They were in LOCATION and having a wonderful time . They were so thrilled to finally be living their dreams .	PERSON always wanted to go to LOCATION . When she was twenty-five she bought herself a ticket . She saw all the famous landmarks . She loved LOCATION and Minos . But she found Lesbos to be disappointing .	PERSON and her family were very excited . They had just arrived in the country of LOCATION . The family was vacationing there and having a great time . PERSON saw so many wonderful sites while she was there . For many years after the family would always talk about their trip .
the kitten	PERSON got a pet kitten . It was very tiny and cute . She was having a lot of fun with it . But then it started staying up all night and playing loudly . PERSON was soon very tired and regretted getting the cat !	PERSON always wanted a kitten . For her last birthday , her parents took her to the animal shelter . Her parents let her pick the kitten herself . She was not exactly sure what kind she wanted . She saw a kitten alone in a corner and knew this was the one for her .	PERSON had just gotten a new kitten . She was so excited to have it . PERSON decided left the kitten alone for a few minutes . The kitten scratched up her leather couch while she was gone . PERSON was not as excited anymore to have a kitten .	PERSON decided that his son needed a kitten to grow up with . When he was at the store one day he saw some kittens being given away . He just knew the little orange one would be perfect for his son ! He brought the kitten home , cleaned it up , and gave it to his son . His son loved the kitten , like PERSON knew he would !	PERSON found a kitten on his way home from school . He picked the kitten up and took it home . He fed the kitten and got the kitten water . He took it to the vet the next day to get it checked out . He ended up adopting the kitten and drove home with it .	PERSON bought a pet for his daughter . It was an adorable little kitten . She loved to pet it and snuggle with it . PERSON did n't like cats but he was glad she was happy . He knew it was the perfect gift for her .	PERSON 's neighbor 's , PERSON PERSON , cat gave birth to a litter of kittens . Only kitten survived being born . PERSON PERSON promised to give it to her if she did good in school . Every night , PERSON studied hard and long every day . When PERSON showed PERSON PERSON her report card , the kitten was now hers .	When the little girl lost her kitten , she became very sad . Her mother and father helped her search the entire neighborhood . John , her big brother made some fliers and hung them around town . One day , the phone rang and a neighbor said that she found the cat . When she came home from school , her kitten was waiting on her .	PERSON passed a pet store . In the window she noticed a playful kitten . She went inside and played with it for a while . She could n't bear to leave without it . She decided to give the kitten a new home .
ride	PERSON had always wanted to ride an elephant . He thought his family 's trip to LOCATION was the perfect chance . Then he heard about how cruel elephant training was . PERSON realized he could not be a part of it . He did n't get to ride an elephant , but he felt good about his choice .	I was walking back from the store . It was a hot day . A man gave me a ride the rest of the way . He was a little rude to me . I thanked him anyway .	PERSON was driving down the road . He saw his friend PERSON walking . He stopped his car . He gave her a ride . Then he went home .	My wife took our car in for service yesterday . She had to take mass transit to work . She is not used to the MBTA , but managed . She planned to take the bus to get the car . Her co worker graciously gave her ride to the service station .	PERSON was staying at her friend 's house . She needed a ride to work . PERSON 's friend said she would drive her . Unfortunately , the friend woke up late and thus , PERSON was late . PERSON took the bus the next day to work .	We asked the dog if she wanted to go for a ride . She got very excited . She started jumping on us and howling . We got her pretty pink leash . She happily bounded out the door for a ride with us .	One day I went for a ride . I took my time on my ride , since I was very bored . During this ride I listened to a lot of music and got some food . I went fast on the highway for a majority of the ride . When I was on my way home I stopped and got food for my mom .	PERSON 's mom hated to drive . But PERSON 's best friend lived across town . Her mom saw her sitting around the house bored . To PERSON 's surprise her mother drove her to her friend 's house . PERSON was very grateful and happy for the ride .	PERSON jumped on the chopper , ready to feel the wind in her hair . Pulling her phone out , she entered the coordinates in the GPS . The familiar voice instructed her to begin her route . PERSON revved the engine of the motorcycle . With a final glance behind her , she took off on the open road .
the storm	A tornado came through here yesterday . It was really scary . All the weather channels were sending warnings . We went down to the basement during the storm . Everyone was okay .	PERSON loves the rain . Whenever it rained , he went outside and watched the downpour . While eating breakfast , he heard of a storm coming in very soon . He grabbed his cereal bowl and went out on the porch . He ate his breakfast and waited for the rain .	PERSON hated being homeless . It was hard to sleep in his car plus the police always woke him up . After class earlier today , he went to his car with no place to go . In the evening PERSON got drunk and a storm started . While PERSON watched the lightning , a cop showed up .	Did you hear the horrible storm last night ? I was driving home right in the middle of it . It was raining so heavy . The winds were so strong . I was happy to make it home .	A storm blew in while PERSON sat on her front porch . The sky got very dark . The trees blew over in the front yard . The basement flooded with rainwater . PERSON had big mess to clean up !	I was walking home from just like every other day . The clouds were dark and looming over head as I walked . Today I had forgotten to bring my umbrella . The rain started as if the clouds burst open . When I got home I was drenched from the storm .	The wind was blowing and rain was falling . PERSON looked outside his house a the tornado closing in . His dog was barking and PERSON knew he had to rescue his best friend . He ran outside of the house quickly to save his dog . They made it back inside just in time to avoid the tornado .	I was relaxing at my house when I saw lightning . Then I heard the loud roar of thunder . My entire house shook violently . I decided to play loud music . The music made me calm enough to get through the storm .	It was PERSON 's first night on the boat at his new job . The winds were beginning to rage and the sky was dark an hour early . In his bunk , he struggled not to vomit . The boat broke apart and he fell into the sea . As he swam ashore he decided at least he was n't on a boat anymore .
man 's best friend	PERSON took his dog Jax to the park . PERSON loves to play fetch at the park . PERSON always packs PERSON 's frisbee to play with . The could spend hours at the part because they really loved it . Once the sun goes down they head home to rest .	PERSON had to run twenty miles a day . He was training for long distance running . His dog would always tag along for the run . Without warning a pickup truck swiveled onto the sidewalk . The dog was able to pull PERSON out of harm 's way .	PERSON broke up with his long-time girlfriend . In the following weeks , PERSON began feeling lonely . PERSON 's friends suggesting getting a pet . PERSON went to a kennel and got a really friendly puppy . Today , PERSON and his dog are best buddies .	PERSON really wanted a puppy . For his birthday his parents bought him a poodle puppy . PERSON was super happy . He took the puppy on walks and played with him all the time . The two quickly became best friends .	PERSON needed something fresh in his life . He decided to get a dog . He adopted a puppy and instantly fell in love . He taught him all sorts of tricks . He found a companion and felt much better about life .	PERSON was a dog owner who was thinking of adopting another dog . He went down to the humane society with his current dog in tow . The idea was to see how well his dog got along with any new ones . Fred found a mutt who seemed to hit it off with his current dog . He brought home the mutt and they lived happily ever after .	PERSON was not particularly good at making friends . She had an abrasive personality that scared people . She tried and tried to get people to love her . But despite her best intentions she never attracted anyone to her . She decided to get a dog instead and the dog loved her instantly .	PERSON felt very lonely in his house . He decided to find a companion to share it with . He visited his local humane society . He met a friendly dog named PERSON . After PERSON took PERSON home , he did n't feel lonely anymore .	PERSON was driving to work when he saw something by the roadside . It was a hurt dog . He immediately stopped his car and collected the animal . PERSON took the dog to a veterinarian . After the dog was healed PERSON adopted it .
new clothes	PERSON needed a new pair of pants for work . She did n't have a lot of money , so she went to a thrift store . She could n't find any pants there in her size . There was a pair that was a size too small , so she bought them . PERSON was uncomfortable the first day of her new job .	PERSON had just lost a lot of weight . He had shed 50 pounds through diet and exercise . He went to the mall to buy new clothes . He bought a new shirt and pants . His girlfriend thought he looked great in his new clothes .	PERSON lost 50 pounds and her clothes no longer fit . She decided to get some new jeans for her new body . She was loving her reflection as she tried on jeans . She was really proud of her new figure . PERSON was so impressed she bought new jeans and new shirts as well .	PERSON was cleaning her closet last week . She noticed she had almost no new clothes . It made her sad . She felt poor and worthless . She closed the closet door rather than finish cleaning .	PERSON was middle aged and over the last few years had gained weight . She always struggled with going on diets that did not work . PERSON 's friend gave her a gift card for her birthday . She went to the mall and bought some new clothes that fit her well . PERSON felt great in her new clothes despite her weight .	PERSON 's washer stopped working one day , but she needed clean clothes . She did n't know how to fix a washer , and the repairman was busy . PERSON asked the repairman to come later that week , and he said OK . Then , PERSON went to the mall and bought herself some new outfits ! She had fun splurging , and she got her washer fixed eventually .	PERSON needed clothes for his history presentation . He went into the store looking for a purple shirt . PERSON only saw one purple shirt that he really wanted . He tried the shirt on in the dressing room . The shirt was three sizes too small .	PERSON and PERSON were shopping for clothes at the mall . But PERSON wanted to go into a store that sold goth clothes . PERSON began to feel uncomfortable inside the store . And she felt strange when PERSON brought goth clothing items . PERSON thought PERSON was too weird to hang around with anymore .	Angel got a big bonus for all of her hard work at her job . She decided to treat herself , but was n't sure how . She chose to go shopping . She wanted new clothes anyhow . She went online and found a few outfits she liked and bought them .
puppies	My mom 's dog was getting very fat . My mom knew she was n't feeding her too much . So , my mom took her to the vet . The vet declared that the dog was pregnant . Now , my mom has four dogs .	PERSON wanted a puppy . She begged her parents for months . On her birthday , her parents brought her to the animal shelter . She picked out a puppy and they adopted him . PERSON loved the dog and they were inseparable .	My friend bought some puppies the other day . She invited me over to her place to play with them . I stayed all day and played with her puppies . I got back to my house late at night . I ca n't wait to play with those puppies again .	PERSON loved dogs . Her family decided to get a puppy . He was so much work . She did n't know it would be that hard . She decided to get rid of the puppy .	PERSON 's dog was going to have puppies any day . She made sure she was comfortable . When PERSON came home from work , Pepper was in labor . Pepper had 8 little pups . They kept all 8 babies .	PERSON 's dog had puppies . PERSON tried to help with them . The dog was overly protective . It caused two puppies to die . PERSON was able to save the rest .	My dog had puppies . It was cold outside . She came into the garage . She had one puppy outside . It did not survive .	PERSON had a really rough day . Her friends suggested she go rent a puppy for a day . PERSON liked the idea . She drove with her friend to the Puppy Barn . The puppy made her really happy again .	We had a litter of puppies last week . There are five cute puppies . We call the small one Tiny . We named the biggest one Fatty . The puppies eyes are starting to open today .
a new puppy	PERSON decided she wanted to adopt a dog . She went to the humane society . She looked at lots of dogs and puppies . She played with a golden retriever puppy for two hours . She adopted it and took it home that night .	PERSON had wanted an iguana for a really long time . He read all the reptile magazines so he could learn about them . He thought iguanas were very exciting . But on his way home from school he came across a starving abandoned do . PERSON took the dog home and soon forgot he ever wanted an iguana .	On Saturday , PERSON went to the rescue center to adopt a pet . The first animal she saw was a little black and white puppy . She picked up the tiny dog and it licked her face . PERSON knew instantly that she loved this little puppy . She filled out the paperwork and took the puppy home .	For as long as she can remember , PERSON has alway loved dogs . When she was seven , her parents decided she was ready . They took PERSON to the local animal shelter to pick out a dog . She walked up and down the aisles until she found the perfect pup . PERSON could n't have been happier as she adopted her new furry friend .	PERSON wanted a new puppy . He went to the adoption center to find one . All of the puppies at the adoption center were very cute . PERSON finally picked a black and white puppy . PERSON took the puppy home .	PERSON always wanted a puppy of his very own . His parents told him when he turned 7 he could get one . On his 7th birthday , his parents took him to the animal shelter . He almost immediately fell in love with a furry black puppy . He got to take it home with him that very day .	PERSON wanted a new beagle puppy . She went to the pet store to look for one . She decided to not get a puppy from a pet store and go with a breeder . PERSON found a beagle puppy from a breeder she liked . PERSON bought the puppy and brought it home .	PERSON wanted to adopt a new puppy for his birthday . PERSON met with several different puppies at the shelter . PERSON favorite puppy was a small black puppy with a wiggly tail . PERSON decided to adopt the black puppy . PERSON named his new puppy banjo .	PERSON could n't believe it . Sitting under the tree with a bow around its neck was a puppy . She was so happy . The little puppy and PERSON played all day . PERSON would remember this day forever .
the video game	The kid got a new video game for his birthday . It was a game where the players shot zombies . His parents said it was too scary for him . They took the game away before he could play . The kid was so mad !	PERSON really wanted a certain video game . Christmas was coming up and he told his parents that he wanted it . On Christmas day PERSON opened all of his presents . He was upset to see he did n't receive the video game . PERSON proceeded to throw a temper tantrum .	PERSON needed money for a video game . His friend offered PERSON sixty dollars to mow his lawn . PERSON mowed his friends lawn . He got the sixty dollars . He loved his new video games .	The kids decided to have a sleepover . They played video games for six hours straight . Their eyes burned and their fingers ached . They tried to go to bed but they kept thinking about the video games . They were totally addicted .	PERSON 's eyes were red and watery . He 'd been playing a video game for nine hours straight . His mom told him to go to sleep . He snuck back into the living room and played more . PERSON wanted to play until he beat the game .	PERSON was a gamer . She bought a new video game . It was exciting but violent . Her mom told her she was n't allowed to play it anymore . PERSON cried and stomped her feet .	PERSON 's eyes were bloodshot . She had played video games for hours on end . She finally decided to go take a nap . She could n't fall asleep , though . She just kept thinking about how to beat the next level .	I bought a new video game system yesterday . It was really expensive . I could only afford a few games . I was so excited to play . It was worth the money .	The kids loved their video game system . They bought a new game . They stayed up all night playing it . It was a fun new game ! They beat it after 10 hours of playing .
soup	PERSON was at her daughter 's house . Her daughter was out of town and her son was sick . PERSON was more than happy to help get her grandson well again . She bought a chicken and made a soup . Her grandson ate the soup heartily and felt better .	I was sick . I had no energy to get out of bed . My mother came and fed me soup . The soup made me feel wonderful . I realized how thankful I should be for my family .	PERSON was trying to make her first pot of chicken soup . She added her chicken and simmered , then added her veggies . She flavored it and then served it to her family . To her happiness , they all said it was very tasty ! PERSON was very proud of her first soup effort !	The vegetables were about to go bad . The man did n't want them to be wasted . He made them into a vegetable broth . He saved the broth in the freezer . Later he was able to make a soup with the broth .	PERSON was hungry for soup . He looked up a cage to eat at . He read soup reviews . He picked a cafe . He ate some soup there .	PERSON opened her lunch and was surprised . It was a cold winter day but her mom had only packed soup ! But then she tried it and understood . The soup was thick and hearty - a true meal . PERSON ate it all and was satisfied and very full !	I was feeling very hungry . I decided to make some soup . But , I did not have broth in my pantry . I decided to buy some broth . Now , I could make soup !	PERSON hated soup . He would pour soup down the drain . His mother insisted that he should try soup for the first time . He finally tried soup . Soup is now PERSON 's favorite dish .	PERSON wanted to make some clam chowder . He decided to save time and make it from a can . To save even more time , he decided to microwave the soup . While waiting for his soup , he heard a pop in the microwave . The soup ended up making a mess in his microwave .
best friends	PERSON likes to take his dog for a walk . His dog is a small pomeranian . Being so small , he ca n't walk for long . PERSON wears a backpack to carry him in . Now he can take his dog out for a long time .	PERSON wanted a puppy for her birthday . Her parents did not have enough money to buy a puppy . They got PERSON a bunny instead . PERSON loved the bunny who she named PERSON . PERSON and PERSON were best friends .	PERSON has been best friends with PERSON for 10 Years . Sadly , PERSON died in a car accident . PERSON was so heartbroken at the loss of her friend . PERSON decided to visit PERSON 's mother for comfort . PERSON felt comforted once PERSON 's mother prayed with her .	PERSON and PERSON are best friends . They have known each other since the 3rd grade . They know everything about each other . Last spring they were in each other 's wedding . Their children are now best friends .	PERSON and PERSON were best friends since childhood . They hung out almost every day of the week . PERSON started a new job he could n't meet with her as much . PERSON made sure she could hang out whenever PERSON had time . They found they cherished the time they spent together all the better .	PERSON 's dog loved hanging out in the garage with the door open . She installed a baby monitor so she could keep an eye on him . PERSON saw one of the neighbor boys running into the garage . PERSON saw the little boy hug the dog and run away . The little boy did this every day after school !	PERSON and PERSON were best friends . PERSON 's mom had to take a job across the country . PERSON begged her mom to reconsider , but she refused . The two girls were upset , afraid their friendship would end . They began writing letters and having yearly visits and felt better .	PERSON did n't have friends . He got picked on every now and then in school . One day , PERSON sat with him at lunch . She did it to be nice . Now they are real best friends .	PERSON takes his dog Max many places . They hopped in the truck . They drove to the beach . PERSON threw a stick in the water for PERSON to fetch . They drove home on a wet truck seat .
juggling	PERSON wanted to learn a quick trick to impress his son . He looked up ideas online . He found a tutorial on juggling . Within a few hours he was good enough to do it . His son was impressed and asked him to teach him how .	PERSON saw someone juggling and wanted to learn himself . He researched it online . He began tossing two objects in one hand to learn . After perfecting this skill , using 3 objects and 2 hands was easy . PERSON successfully learned to juggle .	One day PERSON decided to teach himself how to juggle . He looked up lessons on the Internet . He taught himself over a course of three days . Eventually he was a master ! He loved to entertain kids .	My friend PERSON is a great juggler . I used to watch him juggle all the time . I tried to learn how to juggle . I tried to have PERSON teach me , but it was too hard . I do n't think I 'll ever be able to juggle like PERSON .	PERSON wanted to impress his friends . PERSON knew how to juggle . PERSON juggled for his friends . His friends enjoyed the show . PERSON was happy to captivate his friends attention .	PERSON wanted to learn juggling to impress his wife . It proved to be a tremendously difficult feat ! But , PERSON knew that if he kept practicing he would achieve success . PERSON practiced for weeks ! Eventually , he learned how to juggle and his wife was not impressed .	PERSON went to a renaissance faire . She saw a juggling show . After , she found a juggling shop . The shop workers showed her tips to help learn to juggle . She bought a set of juggling balls to take home .	I wanted to learn how to juggle so I signed up for a class . I showed up for the first class and the instructor was a clown . He taught us the basics of juggling three balls . He then asked us to try juggling like he taught us . After a lot of practice , I was able to juggle !	PERSON wanted to learn how to juggle , so he taught himself . After a few months of practice , he was capable of juggling well . PERSON wanted to think of a way to show off his new talent . He planned on going to a juggling class , just to brag about his skill . However , he quickly realized he was not as skilled as he had thought !
the hat	PERSON decided to wear a hat today . He took out a ball cap and donned it upon his head . His neighbor made a comment when he walked outside . PERSON tipped his hat and kept going . The neighbor laughed at such a gesture and bowed to PERSON .	My friend has a hat . The wind blew his hat away . My friend chased his hat . I chased his hat with him . We caught my friends hat .	PERSON was going hiking . She brought a hat to keep the sun off her face . As she started walking , the hat blew off her head . She chased it down the path . She did n't want to lose that hat !	PERSON decided she wanted a hat . She went shopping for one . The hat she wanted was too expensive . PERSON decided to save up until she had enough . When she had enough , the hat she wanted was gone .	I wore an elf hat to work one day . My co-worker laughed and said I looked like and elf . I told him that I was going for the elf look . The co-worker asked where I got the hat from . I refused to tell him because I wanted to be the only elf .	I saw a nice hat at the store this morning . The hat was grey with a big bill . I bought the hat and decided to wear it all day . Many people told me that they liked my hat . I decided to buy another hat so I could have a spare .	The weather was getting colder . The boy looked in his closet for a warm hat . He finally found one and pulled it on . The hat was furry and warm . The boy was happy to have a hat on when it started snowing .	PERSON found this awesome hat on the street . At first she did not know what it was . It had all these bright colors . It looked like a rainbow . It was a cool hat .	PERSON went to Target to buy a new hat . She wanted one like one she saw in a music video . She looked , and looked but they did n't have any like it . She did n't want to buy any other kind of hat . So she left the store with nothing and went home .
change	PERSON was unhappy in his life . PERSON decided it was time for a change . PERSON decided to eat healthier and save more money . PERSON did this for months . PERSON saw his happiness improve significantly .	A beggar sat on a street corner . He had a cup of change in his hand . PERSON walked past him and felt very bad . She stopped , turned around , and dug out her change . Then she gave it to the beggar , who thanked her kindly .	I went to the bank to deposit my change . The teller told me to use the machine . I dumped in all the change I had . The money clunked around in a loud way . The machine spit out a receipt for $ 50 .	PERSON went to the supermarket to buy some snacks . As he leave the supermarket he noticed his change was not enough . He quickly went back to the supermarket and told the cashier about it . But the cashier insisted that she gave the right change . Since then , he checks his change before leaving the supermarket .	PERSON picked up a bag of chips in a corner store . He paid for the bag of chips . He noticed that the cashier gave him an extra dollar in his change . He went back inside the store to return the dollar . The cashier smiled and thanked him for his deed .	The Workmen 's were broke . Their kids really wanted ice cream . She looked for money . She gathered all her change and cashed it in . It was more than enough for ice cream !	PERSON saw a beggar on a downtown street . He was begging for change . People were giving him nickels and dimes . PERSON decided to do more to help him . She gave him $ 10 and bought him dinner !	Change happened for me when I became unfulfilled . I had a high paying job that I could n't stand . I realized I was n't going to get along with anyone there . I eventually acted on my feelings and started looking for another job . I got fired before hiring moved on any other opportunity .	When I went to Walmart I was going to pay in cash . When I got to the register I counted out my cash and handed it to her ! The cashier counted it out and handed me my change . While walking away I counted it out . I quickly noticed that she gave me too much , so I went back !
clothes	I had a pretty party dress that I wanted to wear to class . I put it on , together with fancy shoes and some fake pearls . Thinking that I looked spectacular , I proudly walked into class . The whole class started to laugh . Apparently , it is unacceptable to wear a party dress to class .	PERSON went to the thrift store . He was searching for a leather coat . He found out for a good price but abraham is kind of cheap . He tried to haggle with the worker . The worker was n't having it and kicked him out .	PERSON was in desperate need of new clothes . He felt so bland in the outfits he was wearing . He went online to try to find some deals . He filled his virtual cart with items he wanted . He grew excited as he clicked ` purchase ' .	I was at a rock concert . The lead singer threw free shirts to the audience . Unfortunately mine was too big . I saw a guy that had one that was too small . We exchanged shirts and were very happy .	PERSON is having a hard time picking out what to wear today . She does n't have anywhere in particular to go . She just wants to look nice and casual . After trying over 15 outfits , she calls it quits . She spends the rest of the day online shopping .	PERSON is a size six in clothes . PERSON wants her to be a size two . He bought her lots of size two clothes . She was very offended . Now they are not a couple .	PERSON needed new clothes for an interview . He did not know where to go . He also did not have any money . He begged people for money . They gave him money .	I threw the clothes on the ground . I did n't care to take them to the laundry basket . It was beginning to overflow . I was so depressed I did n't want to do anything . I finally did the laundry after a month .	I had lost my job and was unable to afford new clothes . I put on a shirt that had holes in it and went to a thrift store . I asked them if they had any old clothes to spare . The thrift store manager gave me a bag of clothes . I was very grateful for the gift .
trouble	PERSON bought a new puppy named Trouble . The new puppy ate shoes and pooped on the floor . PERSON read some dog training books . He spent time working with Trouble , and he improved . PERSON took his puppy to the park to enjoy his new good behavior .	PERSON is loves fast cars and making trouble . One evening , he stole the keys to his father 's hot rod . He was out cruising , having a great time . Suddenly , he saw red and blue lights behind him . PERSON got in trouble with his dad , and a speeding ticket to boot .	PERSON could n't understand why she was in time out . She looked around her room where all the toys were still on the floor . Her mom wanted her to pick them up before dinner . PERSON though had just played with the toys . PERSON decided to pick up her toys and then apologized to her mom .	PERSON was always a good student . She was afraid of getting in trouble . During a test , another student tried to look at PERSON 's paper . PERSON and the other student got in trouble . PERSON cried because she was never in trouble before .	PERSON was a high school kid who seemed to love trouble . PERSON convinced his buddies to go out with him late one night . PERSON lit some cherry bomb firecrackers and put them in a mailbox . The box blew apart , and everyone scattered into the night . PERSON , however , was caught by a neighbor , and got in big trouble .	PERSON was being bullied in school . There was an older boy who picked on him constantly . PERSON asked the boy to stop , but the boy did not listen . PERSON decided to stand up for himself and fight the boy . PERSON ended up in the principal 's office for fighting .	I knew I was in huge trouble . He called my mom and asked if she knew what I had done . She told him yes , and it confused him . He hung up the phone and stared at me . He told me I would have detention for a week .	PERSON had a high school teacher named PERSON . PERSON resented PERSON because he was always so unfair . PERSON decided to prank PERSON , for revenge . PERSON began vandalizing PERSON 's lawn in the middle of the night . PERSON caught PERSON , and had PERSON taken away by the police .	PERSON was afraid to go to the principal 's office . But her teacher decided she was being disruptive to the class . She was in the hall outside her class . She decided to go back in the class and apologize to the teacher . The teacher accepted and she was not forced to go to the office .
camp	When PERSON was a child , she went to summer camp . She made lots of friends and gained self confidence there . When she became a teenager she was too old to go to camp . She became a camp counselor instead . Now she helps girls gain confidence every summer .	PERSON went to camp . He met a friend named PERSON . PERSON challenged PERSON to a basketball game . It turns out PERSON is an all-star . PERSON beat PERSON by almost 20 points .	PERSON and PERSON went to cross country camp . All they did was run and play dodgeball . PERSON decided to challenge PERSON to a race . As soon as they started PERSON was already behind . He finished and decided he had pretty good competition .	PERSON went to camp with his friends . PERSON and his friends found a nice camping spot . Suddenly , everyone discovered they had forgotten food . PERSON was a skilled fisherman . PERSON caught many fish so that everyone could eat .	PERSON never went to summer camp before . She never liked the idea of summer camp . She thought it would be better to relax at home . But after engaging in the activities , she loved it . She now wants to be a summer counselor when she gets older .	PERSON was going to Christian camp . She was nervous at first . She wondered if she would make friends . But camp turned out to be so much fun ! PERSON made tons of friends and had a great time !	PERSON was nervous about spending a week at camp . He arrived and picked out a cabin to share with several of his friends . They spent the week learning new skills . They swam often since it was hot . PERSON had a great week at camp .	PERSON 's parents sent him to summer camp for a week last summer . When PERSON first got to camp he did n't know anyone , and he was scared . As the week went on he made friends and started to have fun . At the end of the week PERSON was sad to go home . He could n't wait for camp next summer .	PERSON had always wanted to go to space camp , but could n't afford it . So when her daughter shared her space obsession , PERSON smiled . She was determined to send her child to space camp ! She scrimped for over a year , but finally she could afford it . And PERSON 's daughter said it was the best time of her life !
bully	PERSON was attending a high school reunion . It was n't long before PERSON saw his old high school bully , PERSON . PERSON 's heart sank as PERSON walked towards him . Instead , PERSON gave him a big smile and a firm handshake . PERSON apologized for how he had acted in the past .	The class bully told PERSON to let him copy her test . PERSON was afraid of him . She had no choice but to agree . But after the test , she told the teacher what had happened . The teacher believed PERSON and gave the bully a zero on the test .	My son was bullied at school . I told him to tell his teacher . He would not tell on the bully . The bully pushed him into a locker . My son punched him in the face .	PERSON started a new school . There was a bigger kid there named PERSON . PERSON began bullying PERSON right from the start . PERSON was scared but stood up to Bud . Now the two boys are best friends .	PERSON was being bullied in school . He always ran home crying . Then one day he decided to face up to his bully . He turned and stood his ground bravely . To his shock , his bully turned and fled !	PERSON and her friend were walking to their class . The bully who had been giving PERSON trouble was in the hall as well . PERSON walked past the bully as if she were n't there . But the bully and her friends began giggling . PERSON decided to ignore them and keep walking .	PERSON used to bully every day until I stopped him . He followed me to and from school every day . He would pick fights with me at lunchtime every day . No one would help me so I brought a gun and shot PERSON dead . Now I am labeled a murderer but I call it self defense .	PERSON was sick of the bully PERSON torturing him in his high school . He wanted to find a way to end it all and punish the bully as well . PERSON thought of many solutions and finally realized one . He decided to set a camera where the bully would beat him up . When PERSON beat him up , he finally had footage to take the bully down .	I was bullied in high school . I had one bully in particular . She terrorized me almost everyday in school . I finally stood up to her , and it felt great . I learned so much about myself after that experience .
eggs	PERSON was working on building muscles . He read that raw eggs would help him a lot . He tried to swallow one , but it was disgusting ! Instead , he mixed one in his daily protein shake . PERSON found that that made the eggs much easier to swallow !	PERSON decided to get more protein . He decided he would eat raw eggs . Swallowing them whole was gross ! But he began mixing them in his milkshakes . That was yummy and very palatable !	PERSON 's neighbors raised chickens in their backyard . They asked PERSON if she would like some fresh eggs . Soon afterward , PERSON found a box with 5 dozen eggs on her porch . PERSON decided to share the eggs with her friends and relatives . Everyone was thrilled to get the free eggs .	PERSON had a friend stay the night . In the morning they were both hungry . PERSON fried up some eggs . Then they both ate together . They enjoyed their hot breakfast !	PERSON never liked eggs . One day his girlfriend was cooking breakfast . She was making eggs and bacon . PERSON did not want to hurt feelings . He ate the eggs as quickly as he could .	I woke up after a long sleep . I decided to make eggs for breakfast . I was feeling adventurous so I put pepperoni in my eggs . It tasted nasty . I realized I should stick to making eggs in a normal fashion .	I bought some groceries . I was unpacking them at home . I realized that I left the eggs in my car . I went to go get them . Alas , they had been spoiled by the heat .	PERSON was riding in the car with her friends . They were looking for something fun to do . Then they noticed some annoying classmates walking . They had some eggs and decided to throw them . PERSON felt bad as soon as she did it , but it was too late .	PERSON 's mom cooked her eggs every morning . Jan hated eggs . She swallowed them down to make her mom happy . One day Jan broke out in hives and had to go to the doctor . It was determined PERSON was allergic to eggs and never ate them again .
the audition	PERSON is a music major at a university . PERSON knows she has an audition tomorrow . PERSON 's friend 's invited her to a party . PERSON attends the party instead of practicing for her audition . PERSON performs very poorly at her audition .	PERSON was scheduled to audition for Beauty and the Beast . She prepared for days leading up to the audition , even in the car ! As her name was called she became very nervous . Because of her preparation , her song audition was beautiful . Although she did n't get the part she was , she was honored to be cast .	PERSON enjoyed playing the guitar . He saw an ad for band auditions . At the audition , the band 's leader asked him to play a song . The band leader liked PERSON 's performance . PERSON is now the band 's guitar player .	PERSON wanted to play the role of PERSON in her school play . She went over the script for weeks in preparation . At the audition she was perfect . PERSON stood nervously with the others waiting to hear who made the cut . When her name was read as PERSON PERSON let out a shout of joy .	PERSON saw that a local theatre company was doing her favorite play . She found a monologue that was similar to her favorite character . She rehearsed by herself and with her acting teacher . Her audition went considerably well . The director called her and told her she got the part .	PERSON wanted to go to college and study music . She worked hard to prepare an audition piece to sing . At her audition , she sang for the professors and took a music test . The professors were impressed by her audition . The offered her a music scholarship to the college .	PERSON auditioned for a role in a car commercial . She practiced her one line night and day . At the audition she wowed the director with her acting prowess . So wowed that he offered her a role in his next commercial too . She nailed the next commercial as well and now she is famous .	PERSON had always dreamed about auditioning for an acting role . She had performed in many plays during middle school . PERSON found out a local agency was holding auditions for a new play . PERSON was nervous but she decided to go an audition . She went to the audition and to her surprise won the leading role .	PERSON practiced for months for the audition to a play . She entered the audition with confidence that she would get the role . It would be two days till they announced who got the roles . She waited nervously those two days . PERSON did not get the role .
kittens	I heard kittens meowing outside . I could n't figure out where they were . The lady across the street came over . She helped me look for them . We found them cowering in a storm drain , missing their mother .	I was driving down the road on a very rainy day . Before my eyes , I saw two kittens near the road . I jumped out of the car and grabbed them . I took them home , and started taking great care of them . Two years later , they are healthy , happy cats that I love dearly .	PERSON opened their garage one saturday morning . She thought she heard something in the garage . She ran to get her dad because she was scared . When they came back her dad found four kittens in the garage . They made a home out of some boxes that were in the garage .	PERSON likes kittens . PERSON saw a box of kittens at the grocery store . She brought a kitten home . Her family fell in love with the kitten . Now the family is one member larger .	PERSON discovered some kittens in her garage . She looked around for the mother cat but could n't find her . PERSON became worried for the kittens . So PERSON decided to bring them into the warm house . PERSON fell in love with the kittens and kept them .	PERSON 's cat was about to have kittens . PERSON was very excited . She kept track of her cat 's every move . When PERSON got home from school on Friday , she checked on her cat . She found her with 5 very tiny kittens snuggled up to her .	I found out my cat is pregnant . I had no idea why she was making all these funny noises . She would hide a lot under my bed . A friend told me this behavior was of a pregnant animal . I can not wait to see the kittens .	For her birthday , PERSON 's mother promised her a kitten . At the pet store , PERSON fell in love with a tiny orange male kitten . Her mother wanted one of the females instead , but PERSON insisted . On the way to the register , the orange kitten scratched her badly . PERSON decided to listen to her mother this time .	PERSON was staying at a hotel because she was traveling . On her second day there , she found two kittens in the parking lot . The kittens were young and the mother was not around . After sneaking them in her room , she gave them food and baths . She decided to keep them and she took them on her travels .
the pasta	PERSON was a chef at a fancy restaurant . Italian food was her specialty . She created an amazing pasta recipe for the fall . It was so popular , it sold out every night ! PERSON became famous for her inventive new dishes .	PERSON loved to eat Italian food . He would eat pasta every day . He started dating a girl that was a great cook . She made him a great pasta dish . PERSON ate so much of the pasta he felt sick !	Chef PERSON was the best chef in the land . Tonight he was making spaghetti for the king . The problem was he was out of pasta . He called the delivery truck but they could n't make it . Luckily , the king brought his own pasta so dinner was saved !	PERSON loved carbs . She ate pasta every day . She wanted to lose weight . She decided she would give up pasta for a year . She only lasted two days before she binged on some macaroni .	The restaurant was known for their Italian food . Their pasta was the best around . They would grate fresh Parmesan on top . Patrons lined up and hour before they opened . Everyone wanted to eat some of their pasta !	PERSON had perfected his pasta recipe . He would n't tell anyone what made it so special . One day , a girl peeked into the kitchen and saw him using cinnamon . She told everyone in town . Soon , they could all make pasta just like PERSON !	PERSON was a great cook . She made a pasta dish that everyone loved . She cooked it one day and fed it to a large group . They all raved about how great it was ! PERSON handed out the recipe as they left .	PERSON was cooking pasta for supper . He walked away while the pasta was cooking and forgot about it . The pasta came out sticky and too soft . PERSON decided to make another pot of pasta . He watched this pot and it came out perfect .	The kids were going to cook dinner on their own . They made their favorite pasta dish . They carefully stirred the sauce into the pasta . They put it in the oven to melt the cheese . They could n't wait to eat !
blanket	Piper loved the UW Badgers football team . She decided to get a Badgers blanket for her house . At the store , she grabbed a red and white blanket off the shelf . When she opened it at home , Piper saw a Cornhuskers logo . Piper felt silly for purchasing the wrong blanket .	My boyfriend in high school was overbearing . He often made gifts for me . One time he took a fleece blanket and made an outline of his body . The finished product looked like he was lying on top of me . My mother was not pleased and would n't let me use the blanket .	My baby has a favorite blanket . She needs it to go to sleep . I lost it on our walk today . She will never sleep again without it . I better go to the store and get another one .	It had been worn down to a few strings . My brother had had it for a couple years . He took it with him everywhere . He called it nanni . It was his security blanket .	It was cold in my house . I looked for a blanket . The one I found was too small . I found a bigger blanket . I covered myself with the blanket .	PERSON took up knitting . She decided to knit her mom a blanket . She worked hard on it for weeks . Then she presented it to her mom . Her mom teared up at the thoughtful gift !	PERSON loved his favorite blanket . He got it when he was a little baby . One day , it went missing in his house . He searched everywhere and could not find it . Eventually , he found it in the washer .	PERSON got a blanket for Easter . It was pink and soft . She slept with it every day . One day she left it in a hotel during a trip . PERSON was devastated .	PERSON slept with a security blanket as a baby . Even as she grew older she still kept it near . It made her feel comforted and safe . She took it with her when she left for college . And when she married , she brought it to her husband 's home !
shark attack	PERSON and PERSON were hanging out on the beach . PERSON spotted a shark . He yelled , and everyone panicked . The authorities were alerted and started investigating . The shark turned out to be a dolphin .	PERSON went to the beach to surf . But suddenly a shark came up near him . PERSON was afraid because he never encountered a shark before . PERSON wondered whether he should stay or move fast away from the shark . PERSON chose to stay and the shark went away .	PERSON loved to spend every summer at the beach with his grandparents . This summer was special in that he was able to take surfing lessons . On his first trip out on the water , his instructor spotted a shark . Quickly , they ran out of the water , but not before the shark attacked . It took a bite out of the surfboard , but noone was hurt .	PERSON grabbed his surfboard and swam into the ocean . He saw a great looking wave and swam over to surf it . Just as he prepared to climb his board , he saw a giant shark . PERSON quickly climbed his board and tried to escape the shark . Then last minute , PERSON realized the shark was just a dolphin .	I was on a boat with a friend . We were going on a fishing spree . He threw his weight in the water . After several minutes , a small shark came and dragged the fishing pole . I held on to my friend so he would n't fall in the water .	Familyfix spends their summer vacation at the same beach every year . They love to relax at the beach and swim in the water . This time there was a shark attack . The beach got closed for the rest of the day . The family left to spend the last week at a different beach .	Everyone was swimming inside of the ocean . Eventually , someone noticed a mini-shark in the water . As soon as he started to run away , everyone else did . They took their belongings and left . I decided to stay since I did n't go in the water .	PERSON lived on a boat . One morning before his daily swim he did n't look around . When he jumped in his splash attracted attention . A shark swooped in and bit him . At the hospital , PERSON checked the want ads for a house on land .	PERSON went to the beach with his friends . There was a shark warning . PERSON decided to ignore the warning . Sure enough , a shark attacked PERSON . PERSON lived but had to have his leg amputated .
baking cookies	My friend and I skipped school one day . We went to her house and hung out all day . We decided to bake some cookies . We listened to Coolio and made chocolate chip cookies . We ate them and talked all day .	PERSON bought a new candle . He lit it in the middle of the day . His roommate entered the room excited . The scent of the candle was fresh cookies . His roommate was disappointed to not find real cookies .	PERSON wanted to make chocolate chip cookies . She went to the store to purchase the ingredients . Once home , she mixed everything together . She wanted to sample the dough but waited until the cookies were done . She had three cookies that night with a glass of milk .	PERSON loves to bake cookies with her grandmother . Every Christmas they bake dozens together . This year they are making chocolate chip , sugar and gingerbread . One Friday after PERSON got out of school they got to work . They baked cookies all afternoon .	PERSON wanted to surprise her boyfriend . She decided to bake him some cookies . She spent a lot of time making sure they came out perfect . She spent even more time decorating them . PERSON 's boyfriends was thrilled .	PERSON loved nothing more than to bake cookies . Her friends told her she was nothing but an old stereotype . But they still ate her cookies . And they kept asking for more cookies . Finally PERSON went out and found some better friends .	PERSON and her friends loved baking cookies for the elderly . Every week they would bake a few batches and send them to the home . This week the girls decided to switch the cookies up . They thought it would be fun to make numerous types of cookies . When they delivered the sweets to the elderly , they felt good .	PERSON wanted to surprise her boyfriend . She started baking cookies . Unfortunately she fell asleep by accident . She woke up too late . The cookies were burnt and her boyfriend dumped her .	PERSON wanted some cookies . She had a package of ready to bake cookie dough in the fridge . She preheated the oven according to the directions . After the oven was ready she put the cookies in to bake . PERSON ate the delicious cookies after they were finished baking .
lost puppy	PERSON got a new puppy for Christmas . She played with the puppy everyday . One day she lost it . She put up fliers . Then she found it the next day .	A puppy wandered up to the house . It was black and brown . I brought in the house and gave it a bath . It had no collar . It is now part of my family .	One day PERSON was walking home from school . He heard a noise coming from the bushes . He went in closer to check it out . It was a little small puppy with no collar . PERSON decided to take the puppy home and make it his own .	PERSON and Jan find a puppy on their doorstep . They decide to keep him even though their landlord does n't allow pets . When their landlord finds out he demands that they get rid of the dog . The next day they see a flyer with a picture of the missing puppy . They reluctantly decide to give the dog back to it 's owner .	I kept hearing a soft cry coming from outside . I opened my front door and there was a puppy . I let her in my house . I gave her a bath . I posted lost ads throughout my neighborhood .	PERSON was frantic because she lost her new puppy . She looked everywhere in town for her dog . Thankfully someone found the dog . When her dog was returned she was elated . She made sure that her dog was never out of sight again .	PERSON lost her puppy PERSON . They had been playing in the park together . He ran off chasing a squirrel and never returned . PERSON became worried about PERSON . A family picnicking nearby found PERSON and returned him to PERSON .	PERSON got a puppy . One day she lost it . She looked everywhere . Finally she found it . It was under her bed .	PERSON was getting nervous because she lost her puppy . She looked everywhere for it . She searched the entire town and her house . Finally she saw the puppy in her backyard hiding . PERSON breathed a sigh of relief .
baby	The baby was very small . He looked up at me with bright blue eyes . He kicked his little feet happily . I could n't help but pick him up . He grinned from ear to ear .	PERSON is a baby . He will not stop crying . His mother decided to sing to him . He loved it . Finally , he stopped crying .	PERSON has a new baby . She is having trouble getting anything done . One day , she decided to try putting the baby in a carrier . The carrier worked . She was able to get lots done .	Daisy is working in her office when she feels contractions . She calls her husband to let him know that the baby is coming . Her husband rushes to her office to drive her to the hospital . While in the car , Daisy 's water breaks . They reach the hospital and she gives birth to a baby girl .	PERSON found the baby outside on her doorstep one morning . There was no note , just a blanket wrapped around the baby . She took the baby to the hospital to make sure it was healthy . The officials told her she could adopt the baby if she chose . She went ahead and adopted the baby .	PERSON had just had a baby . She was n't sure what to name it . Then a nurse suggested `` Kayla '' . PERSON considered the name and decided it was very pretty . She happily christened her new baby `` PERSON '' !	My sister was expecting her first baby . She was due around Christmas time . We went up to visit at Christmas , hoping to see the baby too . The baby took its own sweet time . She was finally born , but not until January 5th !	The baby started to cry . The mother walked over to the baby . She saw that the baby was hungry . She breastfed the baby . The baby went back to sleep .	PERSON wanted a child very badly , but she had no husband ! She was growing older and becoming desperate . One sad night , PERSON drank too much and had a one night stand . That night she conceived a child ! She raised the baby all alone , finally happy to be a mommy !
scared	PERSON woke up one morning to find her fish not moving at the bottom . She was too scared to check to see if he was alive or not . PERSON 's crying caused her mother to come into the room . PERSON explained her fish was n't moving , so her mom checked for her . Thankfully , he was just sleeping .	The boy got scared . He looked for his mom . He could not find his mom . He screamed out for his mom . His mom came running .	PERSON , PERSON and PERSON told stories about the haunted house . But PERSON challenged the other two girls to go inside the house . They climbed a brick fence and entered the backyard . Next , they turned the handle to the back door . Suddenly , a window opened and the girls ran for the wall .	PERSON woke up in the middle of the night . She thought that she heard a noise downstairs . PERSON lived alone and had no pets . She could n't find her cell phone on her nightstand . PERSON hid under her bed until morning .	There was a loud noise outside . The woman felt scared . She called a friend . The friend came over . They could not find the source of the noise .	Will went with his friends to a haunted house . He tried to be brave , but the exhibits scared him ! The ghouls and zombies made him terrified . Will was glad to leave the house . He said he 'd loved it , but really , he had been fearful the whole time !	Harry wanted to paint a portrait . But he was too scared to start . So he continued to watch tutorials and gather information . But he never gained enough confidence . In the end , PERSON never painted the portrait he wanted .	PERSON was always easily spooked . PERSON went to the movies with his friends . They saw a very scary horror movie . PERSON was pretty shaken up by the content of the movie . That night , PERSON slept with all his lights on !	PERSON had stolen a thousand dollars from her and her husbands ' safe . She had spent it on drugs . They were planning to buy a home with the money . Now what was to be done ? PERSON tried to think of a quick solution .
truck	PERSON loves trucks . One day PERSON saved up enough money for a new truck . He decided to get a green truck . PERSON crashed the truck on the way home . Now PERSON has no truck and no money .	PERSON was a high school student . PERSON parents went out of town often . PERSON let his friend drive his dad 's expensive SUV offroad . The friends had an amazing time offroading in the nice car . They had one of the best experiences of their lives offroading .	PERSON was a farmer . He needed to get his hay to market . PERSON decided he would buy a truck . After PERSON bought the truck , he was able to sell the hay . Now PERSON uses the truck every day !	Truck Bilderberg worked in cosmetics , but wanted to design . He could n't find a way to reconcile the two . Until his wife decided to take a new job . He worked hard at school , made all the grades . A few years later , his design was matched to a cosmetics ad .	PERSON saw a truck outside . Her dog started chasing the truck . The man in the truck stopped driving . He got out of his truck . The man petted PERSON 's dog .	We had a golf trip that we drove to . Three of us rode in my brothers truck . The one guy would put soda cans on the dashboard . That 's how he would judge his driving . If the cans fell off he said he was driving too crazy .	PERSON wanted a toy truck to play with . His mommy told him she would try to buy him one . On his birthday he got a cake , but no toy truck ! He tried to act happy as he went upstairs to bed that night . Then he saw , on his bed , a brand new toy truck waiting for him !	The man painted a truck . The paint peeled . A friend suggested primer . The man used primer the next time . The paint stayed on the truck .	PERSON picked up his friend . They went off road trucking . The truck got stuck . PERSON could n't get it out himself . PERSON got it out with his friend ' .
the fall	PERSON was walking to class . He slipped and fell . Everyone saw and laughed . PERSON was embarrassed . He went to class with his head down .	My friend , PERSON , and I went to his parents house . He wanted to show me that he was good at soccer . He took a ball from his basement and started juggling it . He missed the ball once , slipped , and fell on the ground . We still make fun of him to this day .	Yesterday I fell while going down the stairs . I slipped on a roller-skate and twisted my ankle . I have to wear a brace now . I am sad because I can not walk without crutches . I decided to make sure I do not leave anything on the stairs again .	Fall is PERSON 's favorite season . He loves the changing colors in the leaves . He also likes the weather better / He looks forward to the holidays around the corner . He is always happier in the fall .	PERSON , an elderly woman , lived alone . Her daughter checked on her daily . One day , her daughter found her lying on the floor . She was rushed to the hospital . She was then transferred to a rehab center where she made friends .	PERSON was going down the stairs . Suddenly he fell . He fell down the stairs . His arms and legs hurt . He ended up going to the doctor .	PERSON is an old man . He stays active by walking . One day he decided to walk by an unfamiliar road . During this walk he tripped over a crack in the road . PERSON hurt himself badly , but decided not to see a doctor .	PERSON favorite season is fall . He loves the changer weather because he gets to wear sweaters . He also likes the changing colors of the leaves on the tree . His favorite drink of warm apple cider is great then as well . He knows it will soon be winter so he is living it up now .	PERSON was shopping in the grocery store . There was a lot of snow outside so the floors were wet . PERSON slipped and fell . She broke her arm and was in the hospital for days . PERSON sued the store and got a lot of money .
the paper	PERSON has a ten page paper due tomorrow . She has not even started . PERSON also has a piano recital . PERSON is going to have to pull an all-nighter . PERSON had to stay up until 3am to finish her paper .	PERSON 's english teacher assigned everyone a research paper . He had to pick someone he admired and write about him . PERSON 's father is a police officer . He decided to write about him . PERSON got an A on the paper .	PERSON loved reading the news . He subscribed to the daily newspaper . He would read the local and national news each morning . PERSON loved the routine of reading the paper . He felt more knowledgeable once he had done so .	PERSON had been writing all day . She was writing an important paper for history class . She turned it in and felt anxious . She could n't wait to see her grade . She knew she had done a bad job on it .	PERSON forgot he had a paper due . PERSON remembered two days before the paper was due . He spent the last two days writing as much as he could . PERSON turned in what he had done on the due date . PERSON got a D on the paper .	Our internet was down on Monday . I picked up a local newspaper to read . I had forgotten how hard it was to fold the paper . I managed to read one article before giving up . Thankfully , the internet came back on today .	PERSON had a paper due for class . She waited until the night before to do it . When she started to write her paper she was distracted by her friends . They had stopped by to hang out with her . The next day , PERSON 's paper was not done .	One of my students once turned in a paper . This paper seemed very familiar as I read it . I went to my computer and used a search function . I found the same paper , as written by the student 's wife . This student was then given an F grade and reported for plagiarism .	Sue never forgot to do her homework . In fact , she always did things before they were due . Her teacher gave an assignment on Monday to write a paper . It was due on Thursday . Thursday came around and Sue completely forgot about the paper .
rock climbing	PERSON was a student at a large state University . He went to the university gym for the first time as a freshman . He saw a large climbing wall . He decided to climb the wall . He went on to become a famous solo free rock climber .	I went out for rock climbing one day . I showed up , but did n't know what I was doing . I tried really hard , but needed help . I finally figured it out , and then I climbed the wall quickly . I sat on top of the rock wall very proud .	Last week I went rock climbing with my friend PERSON . I was climbing well until we got to a certain route . I was unable to pass a certain boulder about eighty feet up . PERSON was able to get passed it with ease . I decided I need to practice more so I can climb as well as PERSON .	PERSON was climbing a big mountain . He went slowly and carefully with each step . At times he had to reach quite far to find the next foot hold . One time he almost even slipped . After five hours of climbing , PERSON made it to the top .	PERSON loved to rock climb . He decided to climb a cliff without a rope . He got halfway up to the top . Suddenly , he lost his footing . He fell to his death .	PERSON enjoyed rock climbing . He mostly did so at a rock climbing gym . One afternoon a friend invited him to go rock climbing outdoors . PERSON agreed to accompany his friend . PERSON found the outdoors experience hot and uncomfortable .	PERSON loves rock climbing . She recently signed up for a class at a nearby indoor rock gym . When she arrived the gym was closed . PERSON double checked her appointment book . PERSON realized that she mixed up the dates and went back to work .	Red decided to try rock climbing . He researched it and decided to have someone help him when he went . He got to the mountain and met his guide . They climbed up with a little effort and got to the top . Red was happy he learned a new skill and enjoyed it .	PERSON went rock climbing with friends . They all worked hard to climb a tough route . PERSON realized he forgot the sandwiches for lunch . His friends made him walk back to the truck to get food . PERSON decided to stay at the truck and eat everyone 's sandwiches .
thief	A homeless man wandered around town . He has not eaten for two days . He looked through the window of a restaurant . And he saw a family having lunch . He quickly walked in the restaurant and stole from the mother 's plate .	PERSON loved stealing things , no matter what the cost . He walked into a convenient store . And he ran out with a bunch of sports drinks that cost a few dollars . He tried to steal from the store again a week later but was caught . And he realized it was n't worth the money .	PERSON wanted to buy a video game . But he did n't have enough money . He knew someone at school who had the game he want . And he was invited to the person 's house to play it . Before PERSON went home , he stole the video game .	PERSON browsed the aisles of the local candy store . There was a container of gummy bears that caught her eye . She hesitated , then discreetly put a handful in her pocket . The shopkeeper noticed and glared . PERSON never felt so guilty in her life .	PERSON checked the mail outside . She was disappointed when she did n't see her package . Her neighbor was carrying a large box . PERSON tried to ask if that 's hers . Although the neighbor said no , PERSON noticed that the package had her name on it .	The man grabbed the woman 's purse . He ran away from her . She yelled out for help . Somebody chased the thief . The thief got tackled in the street .	PERSON left her shopping cart and looked at a display . She came back to her cart and started pushing it . Another lady chased after her . PERSON had taken the lady 's cart instead of her own . PERSON quickly apologized and retrieved her own cart .	PERSON hired a maid to clean his house . But then he caught the maid stealing ! He fired her immediately . Then he called her agency and told them what had happened . The agency dismissed the thief at once .	PERSON hired a new maid for his house . The second day his wallet was missing . He instantly blamed his new maid . He fired her on the spot even though she swore she did n't steal . That night PERSON found his wallet in the kitchen , he put it there .
the cat	The cat did not have a home . She usually slept inside of trash cans . One day the cat saw a boy playing at a park . She went up the boy . The boy loved the cat so much that he brought her home .	PERSON wanted a new cat . She went to the pet store . She found a nice cat . PERSON bought the cat and things for the cat . She loved her cat .	The pets in PERSON 's home all loved each other . One day , he brought home a new cat . The other pets hated it ! They would growl and bark and hiss at it . THey were determined to scare it away .	PERSON was grooming his cat . The cat was uncomfortable being groomed . PERSON held the cat tightly to prevent it from moving . The cat got scared . PERSON 's cat scratched him .	PERSON always fed his cat human food . His friends would tell him this was bad for the cat . PERSON refused to listen to his friends until his cat go sick . He worried for his cat and was foolish for doing it . Now PERSON only feeds his cat high quality cat food .	The cat wandered into the room . There was something weird . There was a towel on the window . The cat hopped up on the window . The cat liked the towel .	The family wanted to adopt a pet . They went to the shelter and found a cat . He was very sweet and affectionate . THey brought him home and gave him lots of toys . The cat was so happy with his new family !	PERSON found a stray cat on her street . She decided to take the cat in . When she took the cat inside , she gave him some tuna . The cat ate quickly . PERSON named the cat Mittens .	PERSON was covered in cat hair . She 'd gotten a new cat and played with it often . The cat would shed even more when it was excited . PERSON decided to brush it . Soon the shedding problem was under control .
christmas tree	I was still full from Thanksgiving but could not wait . I went to the shed and got my Christmas tree and decorations . I set up the tree in front of my front room windows . I then spent hours putting decorations on the tree . I stood back and was proud of my beautiful Christmas tree .	PERSON bought her very first Christmas tree . She thought 4 feet would be big enough . After putting it together , she was disappointed . The tree was very small so she found a stand . With the stand , the tree looked very pretty .	PERSON and PERSON went to go buy a Christmas tree . They found a good batch that some Boy Scouts were selling nearby . After looking high and low , they found the perfect tree . They tied their new to to their car to transport it home . Unfortunately , it fell off while driving home and was ruined .	My family put up our Christmas tree Thanksgiving night . We all helped with the ornaments . The kids had so much fun looking at ornaments from years past . We got everything on the tree and it looks a bit cluttered . All the memories make it beautiful , though .	My roommates put up their Christmas tree this year . It was a lot of hard work , because their tree is artificial . They had to build the tree from pieces . When it was done , the cat jumped up and knocked it over . This is what it 's like living with a cat .	The Browns got a Christmas tree in early November . They all love Christmas and wanted to prolong it . By early December the tree was brown . Many of them were sad because the tree was dying . They got a new tree in mid-December .	PERSON 's favorite holiday is Christmas . She wanted to buy a new tree this year , but her husband said no . Her husband was not very fond of Christmas . PERSON decided to get the new tree anyway . Once it was set up and decorated , her husband loved it and was n't mad .	The PERSON family were preparing for Christmas . They needed to get a new tree . They bought a large pine tree from Walmart . They set the tree in their living room . Afterwards , they decorated the tree and put a star on top .	The PERSON family was elated to go pick out their Christmas tree . The whole family climbed in the car to drive to the tree lot . They spent many hours debating between two lush trees . The PERSON picked the shorter , squatter tree in the end . They strapped it to the car and started thinking how to decorate it .
calculator	PERSON forgot to study for his math test . The morning of the test he was nervous he would fail . PERSON snuck his calculator into the exam . PERSON was caught using the calculator by his teacher . PERSON was sad to receive a zero on the test .	PERSON had a very big calculator . One day , he could not find his calculator . He searched everywhere but it was simply missing . Then , he realized he left it at school . PERSON rushed to school and finally found his calculator .	I was allowed to use my calculator for my math test . I had spent all week practicing using it for my homework . I was confident that I would do well on the test . During the test , my calculator ran out of battery . I could n't answer the questions , and ending up failing .	PERSON was always amazing at mental arithmetic . So he never needed to use a calculator . People became aware of his talent . And they encouraged him to compete in a mental arithmetic competition . PERSON was happy to win first place .	PERSON lost his calculator . He needed his calculator for a test this week . He tried to backtrack to find his calculator . He realized the last time he had it was at gym . He found the calculator under the bleachers .	PERSON and PERSON were middle school students . They were bored in class one day . They wanted to play games on their calculator but did not know how . They asked the smartest guy in the class and he showed them how . They then played games during class and were very happy .	PERSON needed a new calculator . He went to the store and looked around at some of the models . He told me he wanted one that was blue . He eventually found one that was blue and looked at its features . He bought it and was so excited he found a blue one too !	I could n't understand what the teacher was talking about . She was done with the problem already . I sat there in frustration trying to figure it out . She asked everyone to get their calculators . I was so angry that I refused to get mine .	PERSON was good at math . He was good because he always had a calculator . When he left it home , he was awful . PERSON decided to study math really hard for a month . After that he no longer needed the calculator .
lost and found	PERSON was walking through her school hallway when she found a key . She wondered who the owner was and what to do about it . Then , she remembered her school and a lost and found section . It was n't long before the key was given to its rightful owner . PERSON felt proud of her good deed .	One day , I found a ring sitting on a bench at school . I brought it to the principal 's office . I was hoping the owner would return to collect the ring . After 90 days , the owner never returned for the ring . The principal decided I could keep the ring and I was very happy .	PERSON 's dog Spot ran away one day . She printed posters and put them around the neighborhood . The next day , someone found Spot at the park . They called the number on the poster . PERSON was very happy that her dog was safe and sound .	PERSON had lost his cellphone . He searched for hours every where . He decided to call his school . The secretary looked in the lost in found at his school . She found the exact phone he was looking for .	I went to the Lost and Found department to see if they had my bag . They asked me for a description of my bag . I told them what it looked like , but they did n't have it there . Then I found my bag at my friend 's house . I must have left it there last week and forgotten .	PERSON got nervous when he could n't find his wallet . He looked all around his office , to no avail . He borrowed money from a friend for lunch . He left work early and went home to search . He was relieved to find his wallet under his bed .	PERSON lost her gold anklet in gym class . She was distraught ! But then she went to the guidance office . There , she checked the Lost And Found box . Thankfully , her anklet had been found and turned in .	Last winter , my son lost his cell phone . We searched everywhere and could n't find it . A few months later , my husband found the phone in the snow . We dried it out in rice for a couple of days . It turned back on and has worked great ever since .	PERSON had lost his wallet on the subway . He was very stressed , but he went to the lost and found anyway . He asked the desk attendant if a black wallet had been found that day . The attendant went in the back and came back with fifteen wallets . PERSON found his wallet with his identity cards and was relieved .
the fire	On our long road trip , we were passing through LOCATION . When out of nowhere , we saw a lot of smoke . As we got closer , we noticed it was a huge forest fire . We immediately called 9-1-1 , and attempted to pass it . Knowing we could n't risk it , we turned around and found a new path .	I made a fire outside last night . It started off big and bright as I put in more wood . Soon I began to run out of wood . The fire was not as hot as it used to be . Without any wood the fire died down to nothing .	Yaris was a psychopath . He decided to light his house on fire . He took a match and lit the living room on fire . Unfortunately , he forgot to exit the house . He died in the fire .	PERSON heard the fire trucks in the distance . They were all headed to a fire in a nearby town . They pulled up and immediately got to work . Soon , the fire was contained . The family was so thankful !	I was walking down my street one afternoon . My neighbor was standing in his yard grilling food . Suddenly , a tree branch fell and knocked his grill over . The hot coals caught his yard on fire , so i rushed to help him . After a lot of effort , we put the fire out and then he thanked me .	PERSON was terrified . She had just come home to find her house on fire . The firemen were already there . She watched them battle the blaze . Soon they had it under control and her house was saved !	A big storm loomed overhead of a trail hiker . He quickly made camp and gathered wood for a fire . The rains came and made much of the wood wet . The hiker began to make his fire bigger and bigger . It was so big that he was even able to dry his clothes .	One night the Johnsons were out to dinner . On their way home , fire trucks passed them . They were worried so they sped home . Their house was engulfed in flames and they lost everything . They were very sad and had to rebuild their home .	The Fosters family were devastated when they had a house fire . The house had been in their family for generations . Though the fire caused extensive damage they wanted to rebuild . Members of the community heard of their plight and helped them . After a few months the Fosters were able to move back into their home .
broken arm	Fred loved trees . He decided to climb one . When he did he got stuck . Then he fell out . He broke his arm .	Last year on the day before Halloween I tripped . I did n't think anything of it and continued on as normal . After a few days I could n't really move my elbow . I went to a doctor and they told me it was broken . I was pretty surprised by that and had to get a cast .	I was playing on top of the monkey bars one day . I decided to get on the top of the monkey bars . Eventually , I slipped and landed on my arm . This caused my arm to break . I had to go to the hospital .	PERSON was going across the monkey bars . He lost his grip and fell to the ground . He felt a sharp pain in his arm , and called for help . His teacher arrived , and he was taken to the hospital . PERSON had a broken arm and the nurse wrapped it in a cast .	PERSON was a mixed martial artist . He had a big fight for the title . In the middle of it he broke his arm . PERSON did n't tell anyone . He went on to win the match with one arm .	PERSON was learning to skateboard . He fell over hard one day . He landed right on his arm . It snapped in half . Tim never skateboarded again .	PERSON was swinging on the monkey bars one day . Suddenly his hand slipped , and he fell . He landed on his arm , and it broke under him . Adam had to be taken to the hospital right away . There , the doctor set PERSON 's arm in a cast .	I was racing my brother through the park on our bicycles . I lost control while trying to shift and crashed my bike . My arm was broken in three spots and I wore a cast for 2 months . I could n't run track that season , which really upset me . I never rode a bike again after that .	PERSON was playing with friends outside one day . They decided to walk on top of a fence . His friend jokingly pushed him . PERSON fell down . PERSON broke his arm .
new keyboard	I got an iPad . Therefore I needed a keyboard . My last one broke . So I got another one . But to my dismay it also broke .	Han was drinking coffee at his computer desk . He accidentally spilled some on his keyboard . He tried to clean it up . But his keyboard did n't work . Han decided to buy a liquid proof keyboard .	I wanted a new keyboard for my iPad . I wanted something that was portable . Thankfully I found one that was backlit . It was great . It fit perfectly .	For a long time I was waiting for a new keyboard . My iPad was in need of one . Thankfully I ordered one online and it came . The shipping was fast and cheap . The keyboard works great .	Harry spilled water all over his keyboard . So he had to buy another one . He saw a waterproof one and decided to buy it . And when got home , he tested its waterproof ability . But it broke just like his old keyboard .	PERSON was used to using the virtual keyboard to type on her iPad . Yet she was finding it not usefully for writing essays . PERSON then proceeded to buy an actual Bluetooth keyboard . She looked through every store but could n't find the right one . Finally she found the perfect keyboard on LOCATION .	PERSON needed a new keyboard . She got an iPad . So naturally she needed something to type with . Luckily she found a cheap one . Now she uses it everyday .	PERSON was typing an essay for his class . His space key suddenly broke on his keyboard . PERSON could not finish typing his paper . He went to his nearest Best Buy to purchase a new keyboard . PERSON was able to submit his paper later that night .	PERSON was in a band . PERSON played the keyboards . He was about to play a show tonight . PERSON 's keyboard would not function properly . PERSON had to go to the store to purchase a new one .
a day at the beach	The PERSON family went to the beach . They put up their tent shelter because the sun was hot . The wind started to blow . The wind picked up their tent shelter and blew it down the beach . The tent legs were broken and the PERSON had no more shade .	Last weekend we went to the beach . It was an hour long drive to get there . When we got there , it was pretty packed . We found a spot and spent all day there . The kids were exhausted and fell asleep on the way home .	PERSON was only one year old , and she wore a tiny green swimsuit . Her mother sat In on the sand and gave her a toy shovel `` Look , And , '' her mother said , and pointed down at the sand . PERSON dug in the sand , and found that the sand would pile into shapes . PERSON made sand shapes until it was time to leave , and she was happy .	One day I went to the beach . It was a sunny day , so the sand was hot . I was so excited to arrive I kicked off my shoes and ran for the sand . My feet got burned . I had to jump in the water quickly to get rid of the pain .	PERSON likes to go to the beach . The other day he decided to go there and took some friends with him . They spent their day at the beach kayaking . Afterwards they had a picnic lunch on the shore . At the end of the day they were very tired .	PERSON had worked hard all week . She really wanted to get away and relax . She called a friend , convincing him to go to the beach with her . It was a beautiful sunny , warm day . They had a fun day at the shore .	PERSON went to the beach with his family . It was a chilly day . PERSON stood on some rocks watching the waves . A huge wave hit the rock and shot water high above the rocks . PERSON got drenched .	Yesterday I looked out the window and saw how sunny it was . I packed up my sunscreen and towel . Then I jumped into my car and headed to the coast . I spent the day running through the sand and playing in the water . When I got home I took a shower and went to bed .	PERSON went to the beach that day in hope to sunbathe . He put his towel down but the beach was full and noisy . He decided to swim instead . In the water , he got stung by a jellyfish . He went back home hurt and dissatisfied with his day .
fire	I was about to cook a pizza . I heated up the oven . I did not realize my dad was rising dough there . I smelled smoke . The cloth on top of the dough was on fire .	PERSON loved to go camping and watch nature shows . PERSON planned a camping trip with his buddies . That night at camp , PERSON planned to start a fire using two sticks . PERSON tried for over an hour with no luck . Frustrated , PERSON used a lighter to start the fire .	PERSON saw a fire in his neighbor 's house . He called the authorities . PERSON heard a child screaming . PERSON wanted to save the child since the authorities would be too late . PERSON managed to save the child but his skin got burned as a result .	The Smiths lived near a national forest . A forest fire started near them and was approaching their house . They were told by the fire department that they had to evacuate . They gathered whatever belongings they could and drove to a motel . They felt fortunate when they heard that their house was unharmed .	The man tried to start a fire with a magnifying glass . He could get it to smolder . He lit it with a lighter instead . He told his friend it was the magnifying glass . His friend believed him .	PERSON went camping with her mom in August . Her mom warned her to bring a sweater . PERSON scoffed - the weather was lovely ! But up in the mountains , the nights were freezing . PERSON regretted not listening to her mom .	PERSON was on webcam . Suddenly he sees a fire in his room . He tries to stomp it out but it was too big . He ran out and called the cops . He ended up losing the house .	After the smoking detector went off , the house caught on fire . The owner of the house immediately contacted the fire department . Several firefighters tried to distinguish the fire . After several minutes , the house was cooled down . The owner was disappointed since all of his belongings were burned .	PERSON was driving down the road . As he got closer to work , he saw flames . He could not figure out where the fire was coming from . Suddenly he saw a car on fire . Luckily , the fire truck was able to put the flames out .
PERSON 's first day	PERSON had just started school . Her mother dropped her off at school . PERSON began to cry when her mother left . Her mother returned in the afternoon . PERSON said she did n't want to go back .	It was PERSON 's first day as a teacher . She was nervous . PERSON walked over to her desk . Her desk was covered in apples from students . This made PERSON less nervous to teach .	PERSON started school yesterday . She was very afraid to meet her teacher . Once she settled in the classroom everyone was really friendly . PERSON 's teacher greeted everyone one by one . PERSON is excited to go to school today !	PERSON is a 5 year old . Her parents are taking her to school . It is her first day and she is nervous . She gets to school . She says goodbye to her parents and begins her first day of school .	Today was PERSON 's first day of kindergarten . She did not want to go to school . She cried when her mother left her in the big classroom . Later that day , she made a new friend named PERSON . PERSON does n't want to leave school now .	PERSON is a new student . It is the first day of school . PERSON is nervous because she wants to make friends . PERSON meets a girl named April and they become fast friends . PERSON is not nervous anymore .	PERSON was nervous for her first day of third grade . While trying to find her class , PERSON became lost . She started to cry but then a boy named PERSON took her hand . PERSON led PERSON to their classroom . PERSON and PERSON became best friends .	PERSON turned four . His grandma had to sign him up for school at that age . She signed him up at a local preschool . PERSON was happy to start school . He got on the bus to head to his first day of school .	It was PERSON 's first day of school . She was feeling quite nervous . She was excited to see friends but nervous to see enemies . Luckily she found out her enemies moved away . PERSON finally breathed a sigh of relief .
tv	Amber loved to watch TV . She never felt like she had enough time . She decided she was spending too much time online . She stopped going on the computer . Now she can watch all the TV she wants !	PERSON watched too much TV . Her mom told her she could only watch TV after her homework was done . At first PERSON whined angrily . But slowly she grew to accept the rule change . Soon she barely even missed TV at all !	PERSON loved to watch the TV . One day , the TV stopped working . LOCATION rushed to the store . The TV was completely broken so LOCATION bought a new one . Now , PERSON has a new TV that is very big .	My 98 year old neighbor called me on Monday . His son bought him a tv and hooked up cable . My friend has trouble seeing and remembering things . I went upstairs and taught my neighbor how to operate the tv . He was able to watch a football game .	PERSON works very hard . She wants to treat herself for the effort she puts in . She decides to buy a TV . PERSON goes to the electronics store and buys a TV . PERSON brings her new TV home and loves watching it .	PERSON became tired of all of the shows on TV . So he decided to watch videos online . He ended up spending several hours watching Youtube videos . And he decided to cancel his cable subscription . He connected his computer to his television and had a blast .	June was home sick from work . She laid on the couch and watched TV . She only planned to watch a few shows . Those few shows turned into 5 seasons . Her tv watching helped her feel better .	PERSON 's TV was behaving weirdly . She decided to switch to her local cable company . They came and hooked up her new service . PERSON 's TV reception became much better . She was glad she had switched !	PERSON was worried we were watching too much TV . She brainstormed ways to get us to play outside . She then had a brilliant idea . She created a homemade slip and slide . My brothers and I loved it .
learning to drive	After I got my learner 's permit , my mom let me drive home . She told me to take the long way home so I 'd avoid the highway . I did pretty well pulling out of the parking lot . Shortly after , I turned too sharp and almost hit someone ! My mom said that was enough for one day and drove us home .	I never learned to drive a stick shift as a kid . The other day I had to use my friend 's car . And of course it 's a five speed manual . It took a few minutes but I got the hang of it pretty quick . Now I can drive almost anything .	PERSON wanted to teach his son PERSON how to drive a car . They both got up early at 8AM in the morning to start . He went over the basics as PERSON started the vehicle . PERSON pulled out of the driveway and headed to a stop sign . PERSON made a gentle and complete stop to PERSON 's relief .	PERSON just got his learner 's permit . He had never been behind the the wheel of a car . He asked his mom to take him out driving . She took PERSON to an empty parking lot . He spent the afternoon driving slowly in circles .	PERSON was 16 . She was learning to drive . Her first lesson she went over a curb . She was n't confident in her skills . But thankfully she practiced and got better .	PERSON 's mother was trying to teach her to drive . She had her drive around a parking lot first . Then she had her turn onto back roads . After a while she made her go on the main road . PERSON was very happy to have started learning to drive .	PERSON learned to drive when she was fourteen years old . Her dad took her to a school that had lots of clear roads . She had the seat all the way forward to reach the pedals . Some days she would practice for an hour . When it was time to get her license she was already sure of herself .	PERSON could n't wait to be 16 so she could drive herself around . But the first step in driving was learning to drive . Her father was the one who was going to teach her . It was a scary job , but he knew it had to be done . Soon enough PERSON was a great driver and ready to take the test .	PERSON was excited because today he will learn how to drive . His father was taking him to a empty parking lot . PERSON was scared and almost crashed into pole . PERSON 's father told him to relax . After PERSON started driving better .
cupcakes	PERSON 's mom was making cupcakes for her class bake sale . PERSON wanted to help . Her mom knew PERSON would likely just make a mess . But to please PERSON , she let her daughter help . Sure enough , PERSON had a great time `` helping '' get flour everywhere !	PERSON was determined to make cupcakes . She did her best and put them in to bake . As they had every time before , the cupcakes came out disgusting . As a result , she gave up on making cupcakes . Now she buys her cupcakes every time .	PERSON was a fifth grade student . PERSON 's classmates were all supposed to bring in desserts . PERSON brought in cupcakes from his mother 's bakery . The class enjoyed PERSON 's cupcakes very much . The entire class was happy to enjoy the desserts .	PERSON loved to eat cupcakes . On some days , he would over 20 cupcakes . One day he went to the doctors for a yearly physical . The doctor told him that cupcakes were very unhealthy . PERSON stopped eating cupcakes and ate vegetables instead .	When my daughter turned 3 she requested PERSON PERSON cupcakes . I did n't have the money to pay someone to make them . It was up to me to make her dream come true . I found a recipe and design and got to baking . My daughter was so happy when she seen the cupcakes .	It was Ally 's birthday . She went with her mother to the store to get cupcakes for her party . There were too many to choose from ! She decided on chocolate cupcakes with white icing . They were delicious !	PERSON 's favorite dessert is cupcakes . She could eat them all day except they are n't very healthy . During the week PERSON decides she wants to make healthier cupcakes . Then PERSON decided to research healthy cupcake recipes . After many different recipes she found some healthy ones she liked .	I discovered I was out of flour . I went to the grocery store . After buying flour , I came home . I made cupcakes . I brought them to a party .	I had never had a birthday cake before . My friend offered to make me one . I felt bad , so I told her no thank you . The next day , I found a certificate in my door . It was to a local cupcake shop , and I smiled happily .
snowball fight	PERSON has always wanted to be in a snowball fight . She thought it would be a lot of fun . One winter , there was snowfall where she leaves . So she decided to have a snowball fight with some friends . But she got hit in the head and decided snowball fights were no fun .	It was the first day of winter and it was snowing . Harry wanted to have a snowball fight . He went around the street calling his friends out to play . Eventually , PERSON had gathered forty people . They had an extremely fun snowball fight !	The neighborhood children were having a snowball fight . At one point , PERSON got hit in the face with the snowball . She started to cry , and her mother came outside . She hugged her . PERSON eventually stopped crying .	A group of neighborhood kids had a snowball fight one day . They divided into two teams . The battle was intense . One kid got a bloody nose . Everyone had fun .	It was snowing heavily outside . PERSON called up his friends to play . They had a huge snowball fight . PERSON got hit in the face with a snowball ! He cried home to his mom .	Last week I tried to be cute with my girlfriend . I made a snowball and threw it at her . I aimed for her back but she turned around . It hit her on the face somehow and she almost cried . She has n't fully forgiven me .	The first snow came while the kids were in school . When they walked out the ground was covered . The oldest decided to roll up a ball and throw it . Once that started , a snowball fight broke out . The kids had the best time ever .	PERSON was crouched behind the fence . She had hand-packed thirty snowballs . Her brother came around the corner . PERSON stood to throw her snowballs . Five armed boys showered her with snowballs .	PERSON was excited when she woke up and saw it had snowed overnight . She wanted to throw a snowball at her mother . But her mom warned her she would get in trouble if she did . PERSON still had a good time playing , and was on her way back inside . She was suddenly hit with a snowball , and her mother was the culprit !
long distance	PERSON had never done a long distance race . He thought it would be good for his cardio . He practiced and trained for a bit . The day of the race PERSON did surprisingly well . It encouraged him to keep trying .	PERSON 's boyfriend had to move far away for a job . She missed him and talked to him on the phone every night . After growing more depressed , she realized she had to go to him . She found a job near him and they were able to move in together . Now PERSON is happy and not depressed anymore .	PERSON met a man through a dating website from LOCATION . She talked to him every day , even though they were 3000 miles apart . They soon fell in love . PERSON bought a plane ticket to visit him . They got married soon after that and PERSON moved to LOCATION .	PERSON had a boyfriend she met online . They had a long distance relationship for over a year . They finally were able to move in together . It was much worse in person . PERSON was dumped shortly after .	PERSON 's family moved into a rental house temporarily . Before the phone was connected , PERSON used it as a toy phone . One day , she dialed a long number and someone picked up the phone . PERSON hung up when the person started speaking a foreign language . Later , PERSON 's mom had a fit when she got a long distance charge .	PERSON and jamie were in a long distance relationship . They keep trying to make it work . After some time , PERSON cheated on PERSON . PERSON never found out until PERSON confessed . PERSON dumped her .	Ally 's boyfriend found out he had to move across the country for work . Ally was sad because she could n't leave her job to follow him . However they decided they were going to stay together . A year later PERSON got a job offer from where her boyfriend lived . She broke the news to him that she was going to be moving .	I decided to run instead of walk for once . It felt difficult at first . But once I started , it was hard to stop . I ended up running to miles my college . And afterwards , I felt really good .	PERSON met PERSON through the Internet . As they lived a thousand miles away , they vowed to only stay friends . But as time went by , they could n't deny their attraction . So they had to deal with the long distance relationship . Until PERSON decided to move to be closer to PERSON and marry her .
study	PERSON wanted to become better at math . So she decided to study every day . But she felt she was n't learning as fast as she should be . And eventually , she lost all motivation to study . But Year 's later , PERSON wished she never stopped .	PERSON and matt met up . They wanted to study for the new test . They decided to play a round of a game first . They ended up playing 5 hours of the game . They did not study at all .	I had a test to study for . But I thought it was more fun to watch Youtube videos . And studying got to stressful , I went back to watching videos . In the end , I did n't study as much as I needed to . And I felt much more stressed .	The boy studied . He took the test . He got a great grade on the test . He showed the score to his mom . He thanked his mom for making him study .	PERSON had a test coming up in three days . So PERSON was ready to study for his test . He needed to pass it in order pass the class . PERSON studied for those three days . PERSON took the test and passed it .	PERSON had a huge test in the morning . He stayed up all night cramming in information . Even though he was tired he felt like he knew everything . The teacher handed out the test for them to start . PERSON fell asleep before he even wrote down his name .	PERSON needed to study . He has a history test tomorrow . He kept getting distracted . He ended up only studying for one hour . He failed the test .	PERSON was always the best math student in her classes . But she felt insecure when someone got better math grades than her . PERSON bragged that she never studied . But eventually , her grades got worse . PERSON decided to work hard and got the best math grades in her school .	PERSON wanted to learn Spanish before he visited LOCATION . He studied hard every night . He practiced speaking with everyone he could find . Finally , he was able to go to LOCATION . He thoroughly enjoyed his visit and was able to speak to everyone .
ballet	PERSON wanted to be a dancer . He asked his mom to take ballet lessons . She said maybe that was better suited to females , but she compromised . She offered to let him take modern dance classes . PERSON decided that was better than nothing , and he agreed .	PERSON enjoyed fine arts and entertainment . He met a girl named PERSON . He asked PERSON out on a date . She said yes to his request . He took her to the ballet .	PERSON wanted to take ballet . She told her mom . Her mom and dad talked about it . They decided it was okay . They signed PERSON up for ballet lessons .	PERSON was a talented dancer . She decided to teach her sister ballet . Her sister practiced how to dance daily . She never became near as skilled as PERSON was . She gave up and quit dancing .	PERSON was watching his daughter , PERSON 's , ballet performance . But he was quickly getting bored . Eventually , he fell asleep . PERSON saw her dad sleep and felt sad . She decided to never do ballet again .	PERSON started practicing ballet . His father disapproved and beat him . PERSON did n't give up and became an expert . His father eventually went to one of his performances . His father fell in love with ballet and apologized to PERSON .	I was a ballerina as a young girl . I did ballet for about 11 years . I felt I was ready to do pointe shoes . My school said I was too young and my feet were n't ready . I was so upset , I quit ballet for good .	PERSON was dancing in the ballet . She watched the crowd 's admiration . She got distracted and slipped and fell . She broke her ankle . The crowd gasped in shock .	LOCATION has been taking ballet lessons since she was four . She worked hard year after year to get better . She was determined to be a professional dancer . She tried out for a broadway studio after graduation . Her hard work paid off and she got the job .
mirror	PERSON looked in the mirror all the time . She always wanted to make sure she looked her best . PERSON was very self conscious . She always had a mirror within arms reach . She eventually made her own mirrors because they meant so much to her .	She tried her coffee and started reading her book . The first sentence said `` she tried her coffee . '' The next sentence was `` she started reading her book . '' Confused , she stood up and looked at herself in the mirror . She saw herself trying her coffee and reading a book .	PERSON looked at the mirror . She saw it was cracked . She went to talk to her husband . His hand was bloody . She knew he could n't control his anger .	PERSON looked in the mirror . He thought he looked ugly . He did n't like what he saw . It turned out the mirror was dirty . He cleaned it and he looked great .	PERSON lived alone in an apartment . He noticed his mirror was dirty . He was too lazy to clean it . Eventually he became fed up with the sub-par apartment . He cleaned the entire apartment and became happy with his apartment .	I accidentally broke a mirror this morning . I was moving it into another room . It slipped out of my hands . It shattered on the ground before I could catch it . Now I 'm afraid of having bad luck .	PERSON had a very big mirror . In fact , it was taller than him . One morning , PERSON decided he was going to move the mirror . Then , he realized that he had forgotten the mirror in his car . Finally after getting the mirror , PERSON was able to put it away .	Frank accidentally broke the mirror in his room . So he needed to get a replacement . So Frank drove to the store to get a new one . Frank found a very nice one for cheap . Frank got it and took it home .	The man looked in the mirror . His reflection surprised him . He rubbed his eyes . He still looked the same . He decided to get some more sleep .
the shoes	PERSON loved shopping and usually spent too much money . She found a great pair of shoes . She took them to the register and swiped her card . It was declined . PERSON was so bummed that she had to put the shoes back .	PERSON wanted a new pair of shoes . She begged her Grandma to buy the shoes . Her grandma said not today . PERSON gave her a wide-eyed look . Her grandma gave in and bought the shoes .	PERSON fell in love with a pair of shoes . She knew they were out of her budget . She decided to save up for them . She finally had saved up enough . PERSON was glad she could buy the shoes .	PERSON was a runner . He had a great pair of running shoes . He had worn them in perfectly . He flew to a race and got so upset . The airline had lost his shoes !	PERSON went shopping . He got a new pair of shoes . He wore them out of the store . PERSON felt very confident wearing his new shoes . He skipped down the street towards his house .	PERSON was buying a pair of shoes for her daughter . Her daughter was n't with her . PERSON bought the size of shoes she thought would fit . The shoes did n't fit her daughter . PERSON had to return her shoes to the store .	PERSON was at the mall . He bought a new pair of shoes . He put them on once he got home . He paraded around in front of his friends . They all loved his new shoes .	PERSON wanted to make herself some shoes to wear . She gathered some tape and some cardboard . As she was taping the shoes together , she thought they looked good . She wore the shoes every day until they wore out . When they broke , she could n't have been more upset .	PERSON bought the last pair of PERSON PERSON at the local shoe store . PERSON , wanting a pair for herself , asked PERSON where she bought them . PERSON told her there were n't anymore , she got the last pair . PERSON offered PERSON double what she paid for the shoes , but PERSON said no . On her way home , PERSON was mugged of her shoes by a masked person .
exam	PERSON had a final exam in biology . She was tired of studying . She finally decided she was ready . When she got to class , her teacher passed out the exams . PERSON took her test and aced it .	I was taking an exam . I felt confident since I had been studying for it for a week . When I got my exam back , I found I had scored 80 % . My friend , who only studied for one day , scored 90 % . I was mad since she did better than I did even though I studied more .	June has an exam tomorrow . She has studied all week . However , she still feels anxious . When she got to class , her nerves were on the edges . She was very thankful when her teacher postponed the test .	PERSON had chosen the high school he wanted to attend . As he took their entrance exam , he sweated nervously . But then he got a call from them a week later . They said PERSON had done extremely well on the entrance exam ! PERSON was so happy , he shouted with joy !	PERSON 's teacher told the class there would be an exam the next day . PERSON was worried because he was n't sure he knew the material well . He went home and studied as hard as he could . He went to school the next day confident he would pass . He passed the exam and was very happy .	PERSON was taking a math exam . He found it very difficult ! Sneakily , he tried to see his neighbor 's answers . But his alert teacher caught him peeking ! PERSON was given a grade of zero on the exam .	I had to take a math exam today . Since I had been studying for a week , I felt nothing could go wrong . Just before the exam started , I realized I had not brought my pencil . I frantically asked everyone around me for a pencil . Fortunately , a friend lent me his pencil .	PERSON has a math exam on Friday . She is stressed out about it . PERSON decided to study every day until Friday . When the teacher gave the test , PERSON was ready . PERSON made an A on her exam .	PERSON was studying English . She was preparing for her upcoming English speaking competition . She practiced every day to prepare . On the day of the event she performed well . She was very pleased with her performance .
first car	I was sixteen . My grandmother gave me her old sports utility vehicle . It was a 1997 Mercury Mountaineer . I had to wait a couple weeks for my license . Four years later I wrecked it .	PERSON started saving for his first car when he was 12 . He worked every odd job he could for four years . He could n't wait to be able to drive . On his 16th birthday he bought a new car . Ten years later he still has it and it 's his pride and joy .	PERSON bought his first car . Be he valued a fast car over a reliable one . After a year , PERSON started having to take it to the repair shop . And he was getting tired of his car 's problems . So it traded it in for a more reliable one .	PERSON was about to drive his first car . He bought it at a bargain price . However , it would n't start up . He needed to figure out what was wrong . When he looked under the hood , half the engine had fallen apart .	PERSON was soon turning 16 years old . He had been saving his money since his 10th birthday . He always dreamed of the day he would get a car . On his birthday PERSON and his dad went to the dealership . He found a great car and paid cash .	PERSON wanted to buy her first car . She saved up enough money at her part time job . Her dad went car hunting with her . She settled with a baby blue Volkswagen Beetle . She drove out of the car lot filled with joy !	PERSON wanted a car . He had just gotten his license , after all ! So he worked as a dishwasher and saved his money . In a few months he had earned enough for a used car . PERSON was so proud to drive his `` new '' car to school every day !	PERSON just turned sixteen Year 's old and wanted a new mustang . His dad could not afford it at the time , but wanted PERSON to be happy . He told PERSON if he gets a job and saves , he will pay for half the car . PERSON got a job and did what his dad said . He saved enough money and his dad paid for half of the mustang .	My first car was a black 1999 Toyota Corolla . It was a great car , and surely would have lasted forever . I had it from 16 to 21 , when I got into a fatal car wreck . The car was totaled , and I bought something else . No car I 've gotten since was as great as it was .
first day	PERSON was excited for his first day at work . He made sure to wake up early and get there on time . He was eager to get started . Nobody noticed his efforts . Eventually PERSON stopped trying to impress people .	PERSON was a new elementary school teacher . She worried that the students in her class would n't like her . On her first day they seemed to be indifferent to her teaching style . But by the third day PERSON noticed a change in her students . The children were less guarded and much more friendly to her .	It was PERSON 's first day of college . She was nervous but excited . As soon as she met her roommate they clicked . She was happy about that . She then went off to her first class .	PERSON was nervous for his first day of preschool . He did n't know what to expect . His dad told him not to worry . He also told him that it was everyone else 's first day too . PERSON felt better about going to school .	The first day was terrible . He laid in bed , shaking and crying . The shame of his drunken binge had taken control . He jumped up to vomit in the bathroom . He had trouble getting it out of his system .	It was the first day of the school and PERSON was nervous . He rode the school bus for the first time and met a new friend . When he got there there were teachers everywhere helping the new kids . PERSON 's teacher was so nice and made everyone feel welcome . PERSON was excited to go to school after that .	The first day I was so anxious I forgot my backpack . I did n't know what to expect from High School . I was sweating so hard because I did n't have any new clothes . I went to first period and saw my old teacher . She reassured me everything would be okay , so I made it through the day .	Today was the first day of school . PERSON was feeling really nervous about being the new kid . As soon as he walked in the door , several people smiled at him . They asked him if he would like to eat lunch with them . He agreed , and was happy to have something to look forward to .	PERSON was driving to work early one morning . He was taking the usual route that he knew well . He felt comfortable , so he began browsing through his phone . Suddenly , he blew a stop sign a careened off the road . He realized that using his phone while driving can mean real danger .
facebook	PERSON was spending a lot of time on facebook . PERSON really enjoyed facebook . PERSON was getting poor grades in school . PERSON decided to quit facebook for a month . PERSON 's grades went up during that month , he was happy .	PERSON 's parents got him a new computer for his Birthday . He was very happy with his new computer . PERSON decided to make a Facebook page , but did n't know how . His friend helped him to make a Facebook page . PERSON was pleased with the help his friend gave him .	PERSON was hesitant to join facebook . She is older and not sure how this would add to her life . She joined and began to add friends slowly . She has learned to post and add pictures a little at a time . She now has reconnected with many of her extended family .	PERSON was on facebook . He suddenly found a beautiful girl . He added her on facebook . She rejected his friend request . he was unhappy .	PERSON wanted to increase his overall productivity . PERSON thought about his least profitable actions . He realized he spent too much time on Facebook . PERSON quit Facebook . PERSON saw his productivity increase .	PERSON had been offline for months . She was finally at the library on a computer . She checked her Facebook right away . Her friends had been posting photos of all their fun events . PERSON was upset they seemed not to miss her at all .	PERSON loved Facebook . He became addicted to it . He realized he needed to stop using it . He decided to download a program to block Facebook . After a few months he no longer had an addiction to Facebook .	PERSON has a lot of facebook friends . One time , he posts a status insulting his friend . This causes a big scene . Everyone jumped in and defended the friend . He lost some friends from that status .	PERSON saw a really cute friend of a friend on Facebook . He looked over her profile and liked what he saw . PERSON took a chance and sent her a friend request . The girl accepted a few hours later . PERSON and the girl have been exchanging message ever since .
the flu	PERSON started to feel awful . His body ached and he felt very tired . He stayed home from work , but was n't getting any better . PERSON went to the doctors . PERSON learned that he had the flu .	PERSON came down sick . She could not move off the couch for 3 days . She went to the doctor . All the doctor could do was prescribe some medicine . PERSON started taking it that night	PERSON woke up one morning not feeling well . She had a runny nose and her muscles hurt . She went to the doctor and he told her she had the flu . She went and got medicine and orange juice . She began to feel better in a couple days .	PERSON almost never got sick . One winter she got really sick . She did n't know what it was . The doctors found out it was the flu . PERSON still believes she almost never gets sick .	My friend was not feeling well . She was diagnosed with the flu . I brought her hot soup so she would feel better . I felt sick a few days later and I went to the doctor . I was diagnosed with the flu .	Karen was always a hard worker . When she thought she got a cold she kept going to work . Eventually she got really sick and threw up . She was forced to go to see a doctor . It turned out she actually had the flu and was forced to stay home .	I woke up feeling very sick . I had a fever , aches , and a runny nose . I went to the doctor to find out what was wrong . My doctor told me that I had the flu . I slept a lot for three days until I finally felt better .	PERSON came down with the flu . PERSON was sad because she could n't go to school . PERSON decided to rest well at home so she could recover . PERSON 's flu went away after one week . Finally , lisa could go back to school !	PERSON was feeling sick . Nothing he took made him feel better . Eventually he was taken to the hospital . PERSON was diagnosed with the flu . It was rough but he eventually recovered .
the ride	The family had arrived at LOCATION LOCATION . They immediately got in line for the new ride . They waited over an hour . It was the best ride they 'd ever been on ! They had a ton of fun at Disney .	PERSON 's two dogs love to ride in in her car . Since she had errands to run today , she took them along . The weather was very nice so PERSON opened the windows for them . Both of the dogs put their heads out of the window to feel the air . Once the errands were done , the dogs were not happy to go back home .	The subway train broke down when it was in the tunnel under the river . The only way out was to leave the train and walk in the dark . The conductor stayed behind because some people could n't walk . The group that left were almost out when they heard rushing water . They barely made it out of the tunnel before it completely flooded .	On Tuesday I used a paratransit service for a dental appointment . The service , called The Ride , got me there on time . It also picked me up on time . But because of heavy usage , it took me 75 minutes to get home . A normal car ride is 20 minutes .	PERSON decided to go out for a ride on Sunday . It was a nice day to relax . She went through the countryside . She saw all the beautiful sites along the way . She had a relaxing afternoon .	I bought a car and started driving it everywhere . It became like a part of me and I was very attached to it . While making a turn , a person smashed into my car with theirs . It was totaled and I feared I 'd never be able to afford another car . The insurance company paid for my car 's value and I got new one !	PERSON wanted to drive his father 's car . PERSON 's father would not let him drive his car . PERSON waited until his father was asleep to steal the car . As he sped down the highway , PERSON was pulled over by a policeman . PERSON was taken to prison and his father refused to bail him out !	We drove all night , only to get halfway there . We had the top down so we could feel the wind in our hair . The gentle hum of the tires was enough to lull us to sleep . If it had n't been for the chill in the air , we 'd have crashed already . Only a few more hours till we 're home , in our warm beds .	PERSON really liked theme parks . But she easily got sick because of them . She decided to ride the fastest one . Unsurprisingly this made her very sick . And she puked everywhere due to it .
game night	PERSON was having friends over to play board games . She was also going to serve snacks and drinks . She wanted everyone to have a good time . Unfortunately , no one showed up . Sue watched movies by herself instead .	My family and I were playing Monopoly . PERSON was about to run out of money . He asked his mother to borrow a thousand dollars . She told him she would charge him interest . Harry did n't want to play anymore .	Jasmine hosts a game night every Monday . Last Monday they played board games for four hours . PERSON won Monopoly , but Sue won Trivial Pursuit . At the end of the night , PERSON gave away prizes . Everyone had a great time .	Our family loves game night . The kids pick out the game to play . Usually we will play for an hour or two . After that it is time for bed . The kids usually want to keep playing .	The PERSON family has game night on Tuesdays . They could n't decide which game to play . They narrowed it down to Monopoly or Life . The PERSON family decided to take a vote . They ended up voting three to two for Monopoly .	My friend was treating me to a live basketball game . We had to park very far from the stadium . I 'm overweight so I had trouble walking there . When I got to our seats I had sweated through my whole outfit . I was so embarrassed I did n't enjoy the game .	PERSON and his friends decided to have a game night one night . During Twister , PERSON fell on PERSON . Everyone laughed . At the end of the night everyone thought they had had fun . They decided to do a game night once a month .	PERSON was hosting the weekly game night at his house . PERSON decided they would play a friendly game of Scrabble . In addition , PERSON set up his Wii game console to play Guitar Hero . PERSON and his friends were having so much fun playing the games . PERSON could not wait for the next time he could host game night again .	PERSON bought a new game . She invited friends to play it . They had a good time . Unfortunately it broke halfway through . Everyone went home .
the monkey	PERSON went with his class to the zoo . He saw some kids teasing a monkey . PERSON told them to stop it . The kids turned and started teasing PERSON . PERSON looked at the monkey and felt sad for both of them .	PERSON went to the zoo . She wanted to see one of the new monkeys they had got . She read about him in some books . He came from LOCATION . She was so excited to see him .	PERSON wanted a monkey for Christmas . He could n't have a monkey but he could go to the zoo . PERSON saw many monkeys at the zoo . For Christmas Tim got a puppy instead of a monkey . PERSON loves his puppy more than any monkey !	I am sitting at a desk . I turned on the computer . There was a picture of a monkey on it . I clicked on the picture of the monkey . I saved it as the background .	The family was on a trip in LOCATION LOCATION . They spotted a monkey outside their room ! The monkey was staring at them . They held out a banana and the monkey snatched it from them . It was amazing to see them so close up !	PERSON was five Year 's old and loved monkeys . His mother decided to take him to the zoo to see his first monkey . PERSON was surprised by how smelly the monkey cage was . One of the monkeys kept pointing at PERSON and picking his nose . PERSON decided he did n't like monkeys anymore .	I went to the zoo . I saw some monkeys . I wished I had a pet monkey . Then I saw a monkey attack another monkey . I realized I did n't want a pet monkey anymore .	PERSON was visiting the zoo . She saw a monkey swinging through the trees . She laughed and took pictures of him . Monkeys were her favorite animal ! She was happy she had seen her favorite creature that day .	PERSON was on vacation in the rain forest . She saw lots of animals and interesting plants . PERSON took pictures of a monkey swinging from the trees . The monkey swung by her and touched her hair . It was an amazing experience !
baby bird	I saw the baby sparrow fall out of the nest . I watched as it stumbled around and seemed to be unharmed . I wondered if I should put him back in his nest . I did not have to because the momma bird still fed him on the ground . Baby learned to fly three days later .	PERSON found a tiny bird on the ground . It had fallen from its nest ! PERSON took it inside and made it a home . Then she fed it by hand every day . Soon the bird strengthened and flew away !	Jean found a baby bird injured . The bird had fallen from a tree in the backyard . She took the bird inside to be treated by her mother . The bird had to stay with her family for three days . Eventually the bird was well enough to be let go outside .	PERSON noticed a baby bird on the ground in front of a tree . She looked up and saw a nest about 8 feet up . She carefully lifted the baby into the nest . The mother came back with food for her babies . She did n't seem to notice one had been touched by a person .	PERSON had a gun that she loved to shoot . She would throw frisbees into the air and shoot them down . One day while target practicing , she shot a baby bird . PERSON felt heartbroken and cried all night . The next day , PERSON sold her gun and shot no more .	A baby bird was in a small nest . It had just grown new feathers to fly . The mother bird nuzzled the little bird with its wings . It wanted the baby bird to learn how to fly . With a push of wings , the baby bird flew high in the sky .	A baby bird was sitting in the nest . There was a big gust of wind , and the baby bird fell out of the nest . Luckily , it landed safely on the ground . The mommy bird came back to feed the baby , but could n't find it ! The mommy checked the ground and brought the baby bird back home .	Joy noticed a tiny bird on the ground . She looked up , seeing a nest a few feet above the ground . The mother bird was not in it . Joy used her scarf to lift the baby bird into the nest . She was thrilled to see the mom come back a few minutes later .	While walking in his backyard , little Finn found a baby bird . It was chirping on the ground . PERSON ran to get his mom . His mom grabbed a ladder to put the baby bird back in it 's nest . PERSON was glad he found the bird .
family	PERSON 's mom was visiting from LOCATION . They went to PERSON 's favorite restaurant . They talked for hours without realizing the time . They had talked passed closing time ! PERSON tipped the waitress generously .	I loved spending time with my family last night . We all played card games . We also watched the big sports game on TV . We were all rooting for opposite teams though . We got into a big argument about who was the better team .	PERSON decided to learn more about her family 's history . She asked her grandmother several questions about it . She was happy to tell her . PERSON and her grandmother talked for several hours . She felt great to learn more about her grandmother 's life .	PERSON mowed lawns all summer long . He saved up all the cash from his work and his allowance . In the fall he had amassed quite a small fortune . He took all the money to the local pawn shop . There , he bought back the ring his mom had sold to buy food .	Walking home from school , LOCATION saw a small kitten . She sat down in the shade to pet her . After a while Priya realized the kitten did n't have a mom . Since PERSON did n't either , she decided to take the kitten home . Now the LOCATION and the kitten have each other .	PERSON loved his family . They were very nice to him and never made him sad . One day , he had to go to another country . When he went on the airplane , he missed his family . After the trip , PERSON was very happy when he saw his family .	He hated Thanksgiving . His more successful relatives were sure to bring up his retail job . The worst was his brother with the great career . His shoulders were at his ears as his brother entered the room . His brother despairingly told the family he 'd just been fired .	PERSON had a rough upbringing and not much family . When she married PERSON , she was surprised by his family . They gathered for holidays and everyone got along ! But before long , PERSON was welcomed into their fold gladly . She was happy to finally know what real family meant !	I bought a foreclosed house for me and my wife . The mortgage is very easy to pay and we are able to save a lot . It needed a little work but my dad helped me fix it up quick . Our plan is to sell it in about four Year 's . We will have a baby or two and want a bigger house .
the shot	The kids were scared . They were headed to the doctor to get a flu shot . THey were dreading it . The doctor distracted them and poked them quickly . They were so relieved that it was over !	PERSON was having a procedure done . The doctor gave her a shot to number her mouth . The shot hurt so bad ! PERSON cried and said she could n't go through with it . PERSON ran out of the exam room .	PERSON was playing for his high school 's basketball team . His team was down by 1 point with 5 seconds left . PERSON , the point guard , dribbled it up the court . At the top of the key he did a crossover and drove to the rim . The lane was clear and he shot a layup , winning the game .	PERSON went golfing last week . PERSON was golfing well and having his best round . PERSON hit a hole in one on an amazing shot . There was no one there to see PERSON 's shot . No one believed PERSON when he told everyone of his shot .	PERSON took out his gun and pointed it at a target . Before he pulled the trigger something caught his eye . A yellow balloon rose off in the distance . PERSON adjusted his arm towards the balloon . He fired off a round and the balloon popped !	PERSON PERSON is a great basketball player . In one game he was struggling with his shot . He kept missing every shot throughout the game . Then , in the final moments he received a pass . He shot the ball and drained it , winning the game !	PERSON caught the basketball . He looked up at the clock . There were only a few seconds left on the clock . He faked a pass then shot . PERSON scored the last bucket , winning the game .	Frank was the best shooter in his basketball team . The team was down by two points . His team had the ball , there was ten seconds on the clock . His teammate threw him the ball and john caught it , PERSON shot the ball at last minute and scored a three .	There were only a few seconds left in the game . PERSON got the ball from his teammate . He faked a pass then looked up . With one second left he shot the ball . Swoosh , he won the game .
picture day	It was PERSON 's first day of school and picture day . She tried looking her absolute best for the day . As soon as she sat in the chair to get it taken , she tensed up . She hated picture day . However thankfully the pictures came out good .	PERSON 's daughter was having picture day at her school today . However , PERSON was not sure what to dress her in . PERSON decided he would let his daughter choose . PERSON 's daughter choose her favorite Peppa Pig pajamas . PERSON regretted the decision to let his daughter choose her outfit .	PERSON always hated her school photo . This year she wanted her hair to be perfect . She tried hairstyles in the mirror for hours . And it paid off . She finally had the perfect hairstyle for picture day .	PERSON did n't want to wear her glasses for her school picture . She stuck the glasses in her pocket and posed for the portrait . PERSON was excited when the pictures came back . But her excitement vanished when she saw the photos . Without her glasses , in the photos PERSON stared vacantly into space .	Christian came home and told his mom picture day was the next day . His mom told him they 'd go get him a new outfit . They went to the store . Christian picked a great outfit to wear . He wore his new outfit and took a fantastic picture .	It was picture day at PERSON 's school . It was his turn to take his picture . PERSON made a sad face to take the picture . The pictures came back . PERSON 's mother was upset how his pictures came out .	PERSON had to get her picture taken at school today . She woke early and dressed for the pictures . She went to school and had the picture taken . She had to wait several weeks to get the pictures back . PERSON got her pictures and was proud of the way she looked .	PERSON was nervous for picture day . She sat on the stool as the photographer worked . He told her to smile . She could n't get the photo right . Finally he just snapped the picture regardless .	PERSON wanted her school pictures to be the best . She decided to wear makeup . PERSON 's mother did not allow her to wear makeup . When PERSON 's mother saw the pictures , she was angry . She decided that PERSON had to take another picture without makeup .
house fire	PERSON fell asleep one night but woke to a nightmare . Flames were all around him , everywhere ! Suddenly a fireman pushed into the room and picked him up . He carried PERSON out of the house and dumped him on the lawn . The fireman had saved PERSON 's life and extinguished the fire .	PERSON had just bought a new house for his family . He noticed smoke coming from his neighborhood . When he drove up his house was on fire . His family made it out safe . Unfortunately the house was destroyed .	A woman accidentally left a candle burning in her house . She left the house for the day , and the candle was tipped over . The house caught fire . Luckily , because she was not at home , the woman was not hurt . Still , she 's very sad to have lost her home .	PERSON fell asleep with the stove on . It started a fire . PERSON was barely able to wake up in time . He tried getting as much as he could . Everything else burned down .	PERSON was baking a cake . She fell asleep while waiting for the oven . Eventually the house burned down . PERSON was burned to death . There was nothing the firefighters could do to saver her .	After PERSON placed the chicken in the oven , she closed it . Since she forgot to remove the mitten from the oven , it got burned . In addition , it started a fire . PERSON took a fire extinguisher and started to take out the flames . It ended up growing and she had to call the fire department .	The PERSON family fireplace got out of control one day . Everyone evacuated . The fire truck came and sprayed water onto the house . Most of their things could be salvaged . They were able to move back in again .	PERSON awoke to what he thought was the beeping sound of his alarm . When he tried to turn it off , however , it just kept beeping . He realized it was actually the smoke detector going off . He smelled smoke and noticed that the room was hot and stifling . He raced outside , thankful that the smoke alarm had alerted him .	My friend was pulled out of work today by her mother . A fire had started in the basement of her house . She arrived home to see her boys standing out front . The fire department struggled to find the fire in the walls . They eventually got it out , but my friend has lost everything .
broken window	PERSON woke up in the middle of the night to a loud crack . His window had been shattered . Someone threw a rock at it . PERSON could n't figure out why anybody would do that to him . He later found out it was kids pulling pranks .	PERSON woke up to a loud noise at night . He realized his car 's window was broken . PERSON checked to see but nothing was stolen . The cops found out it was young hoodlums being destructive . They were caught and PERSON was paid back .	Boys were playing soccer outside . One boy accidentally kicked the ball into the neighbor 's window . The angry neighbor ran out of his house . He yelled at boys . They run away as fast as possible .	PERSON woke up in the middle of the night . A loud breaking sound woke him up . He noticed there was a broken window . PERSON looked around but nobody was breaking it . He never found out who did it .	PERSON was in his living room , when he heard a noise . PERSON noticed a baseball had broken his window in his house . PERSON rushed outside to see where the ball came from . PERSON noticed the a group of boys playing on the nearby field . PERSON returned the ball , and attempted to repair his window .	PERSON and PERSON were playing baseball . They were in the front yard . PERSON 's mom had warned him to be careful of the windows . PERSON threw the ball and PERSON missed . It went through the window and broke it .	PERSON 's passenger side window was broken . PERSON could n't afford to get it fixed . He duct taped a bag over the hole instead . It was unsafe and looked ghetto . PERSON had to drive that way for months .	Queen had to replace her bedroom window . She had accidentally broke it playing baseball with her brothers . It would be two weeks for a replacement window . Nothing seemed to work in patching the window . She ended up having to use her old nursery blanket as cover for the window .	PERSON lived in an apartment near a tree . There was a strong storm . A tree branch snapped and broke through his living room window . PERSON was scared but not injured . His landlords paid for the damages .
teeth	PERSON was afraid of dentists . But after years of suffering , she gave in . She made herself an emergency dentist appointment . The dentist fixed some of PERSON 's teeth for her . PERSON felt a lot better after that !	Today PERSON learned how to brush her teeth by herself . She went in big circles all around . She was so excited . Her parents went out that night so she could try it on her own . She was glad she had the new found independence .	My friend PERSON is having four teeth pulled tomorrow . They are her last teeth . She was poor and could not afford dental care . She can now afford dentures . I think she will feel better when she gets her dentures .	She woke up with terrible pain . The left side of her face was throbbing . She could barely hold her head up . She laid in bed all day . When her husband saw her condition , he told her to go to a dentist .	PERSON was a health conscious person . He brushed and flossed daily . He visited the dentist for routine checkup and cleaning . The dentist cleaned his teeth . The dentist also gave him a clean bill of health .	PERSON had never been to the dentist as a child . Now she was 25 and her teeth hurt her constantly . Finally she scraped up some money and courage and went to a dentist . To her surprise , he was kind and very helpful ! He worked out a payment plan to fix PERSON 's teeth !	During my recent visit , my dentist told me that I had no new cavities . For the past year , I had been diligent in brushing my teeth . I had also started a daily regimen of flossing twice a day . This all paid off . After this , I plan to also start using an oral rinse every day .	PERSON wanted to express himself . He thought people with gold teeth looked the best . He decided to get a gold tooth . He went to the dentist and paid for the procedure . PERSON got his gold tooth and was very happy about it .	PERSON was terrified . It was his first visit to the dentist . He expected the dentist to be mean and hurt him . But PERSON got a nice surprise . The dentist was kind and did n't hurt him at all !
snow storm	PERSON and her friends are excited there is a big snowstorm coming . While they are in school , it starts to snow . Their teacher tells them there will be no school the next day . PERSON and her friends are so excited for a snow day the next day ! After school , they go outside and play in the snow !	When I was 20 , I drove to LOCATION . I was visiting a friend who was going to LOCATION . A huge snow storm hit right after I dropped him off . I was trapped in my little car in the snow . I spent the entire night in a gas station parking lot .	During a big snow storm , I woke up one night . My neighbor 's cat was screaming to get in . After half an hour my neighbor did n't open her door . As the cat was still screaming for help , I went downstairs . My neighbor opened the door , she screamed at me , and left the cat out .	PERSON was getting ready for the big snow storm . He had a shovel , but did not have salt to melt the ice . PERSON went to the store to buy the salt . He was able to buy the last bag of salt . PERSON got home right as the snow began to fall .	I was driving home when a big storm hit . The snow was intense and blinding . I had to pull over to the side of the road to be safe . It did n't stop for hours . I was stuck until a tow truck arrived after the storm .	PERSON lived in area that had a lot of snowstorms . The storms could be pretty bad , leaving roads impassable . PERSON always listened to the weather station during storm times . One morning while driving to work a big storm was predicted . He turned his car around and went home , in order to be safe .	PERSON was driving to a friend 's house when a big snow storm came up . She had to pull over and spend the night at a hotel . It snowed all through the night . The next morning , the roads were icy and dangerous . PERSON had to cancel her trip and go home for her own safety .	PERSON was poor . He could n't afford to keep the heat on during winter . A strong snow storm hit . PERSON was n't able to keep warm . He died of hypothermia .	PERSON decided to go skiing in a snowstorm . His friends told him it was a bad idea . He set out against howling winds and pelting snow . Finally , he made it to the bottom of the diamond run . He had a cup of hot chocolate with his friends at the lodge .
getting sick	PERSON ate out at a new restaurant . He first enjoyed his meal . Later in the night he got severely sick . PERSON had to go to the hospital . It turned out he had food poisoning .	PERSON did not feel well when he woke up this morning . He had the chills and a low grade fever . By the afternoon , PERSON had started coughing and sneezing . PERSON decided to go to his doctor . LOCATION 's doctor gave him a prescription for antibiotics .	PERSON ate at a new restaurant . That night he started to feel sick . Eventually he wound up throwing up and getting dizzy . He had to go to the hospital . PERSON had a minor case of food poisoning .	PERSON and her family climbed into a car to begin a long trip . When they began to drive , PERSON felt uncomfortable . She began to feel waves of nausea and dizziness . She asked her father to pull over and she threw up outside the car . After throwing up , she felt better and they continued driving .	PERSON felt bad . He went to the doctor . The doctor told PERSON he had a cold . PERSON took a couple of days off . He drank lots of liquids and felt better after a while .	PERSON hated being sick . He always avoided sick people at work . There was a cold going around . PERSON tried his best to avoid it . Unfortunately he got hit by it too .	PERSON accidentally ate some expired meat . She began to feel sick . PERSON went to the doctor . The doctor gave her some medicine . PERSON thankfully started to feel better after she took the medicine .	PERSON started sneezing and coughing . He was getting really sick . He stayed home in bed all day . His mother told him to take vitamin C . After that , he felt well enough to go to work .	PERSON had never been on a cruise . He did n't realize he would get so motion sick . Nothing he took helped make him feel better . PERSON spent the entire trip sick in his room . He never took another cruise again .
the computer	PERSON was bringing his computer to the shop . It had n't worked in a week . He dropped the computer off . The next day a technician gave Roy a call . PERSON returned to pick up his computer .	PERSON liked technology . She liked exploring the internet on her computer . She formed friendships and learned a lot of interesting things . She developed her computer skills over time . Soon she was an expert .	PERSON was buying supplies for college . She needed a new computer . She went to the computer store to learn about them . The salesman suggested a Dell . She looked closely at it , then made a purchase .	PERSON 's laptop was too slow to even run Minecraft . PERSON 's mom suggested he earn money to buy a new computer . PERSON opened a lemonade stand in front of his house . Because PERSON 's lemonade was delicious , his stand was a huge success . Within a week , he had earned enough money to buy a better computer .	PERSON bought an expensive computer . Unfortunately , it was broken within weeks . PERSON wrote an angry review online . The computer contacted PERSON , offering him a replacement computer . PERSON was impressed with their good service .	I have a computer . My computer broke today . My computer has a virus . I do n't know how to fix my computer . I hired someone to fix my computer .	PERSON bought a computer . He turned it on . He could not figure out how to use it . He called his friend PERSON . PERSON showed him how to use it and he had fun !	PERSON had always been very good with computers . In class one day , PERSON PERSON 's computer stopped working . PERSON raised his hand and offered to help . She accepted his help . PERSON fixed the computer and was praised by PERSON PERSON .	PERSON was working on her laptop . She had owned it for ten Year 's . It had been working fine . Suddenly is started to get hot . Then flames shot out from the bottom and it died .
car shopping	PERSON set out to buy herself a car . She went to the lots and found them manipulative . She checked magazines and found them to be sell-outs . She listened to friends and found them to be biased . PERSON did her own research online , and made an informed purchase .	We went car shopping . I knew what I wanted . I also knew what I could afford . I finally found one that I loved . I bought myself a new car .	A man was in the market for a new car . He drove to many dealerships . He researched many vehicles . He found a great vehicle . He purchased the vehicle .	My husband and I decided to buy a specific new car for me . We were not having any luck finding it in the color I wanted . I suddenly got ill and was rushed to ER and into surgery . It was decided we would wait and car shop when I mended . Imagine my surprise when he picked me up in my new red car !	I needed to get a new car . My old one just keeps breaking down . I went to the dealer to browse some cars . I picked a few that I really liked . I plan on going back to make a final decision next week .	PERSON needed a new car . He went to the Ford dealership . He found a great Ford Focus . He was able to make a great deal . He drove away happy .	PERSON wanted to buy a new car . She visited many dealerships and test drove many cars . She found a car she liked . She negotiated with the salesman for a lower price . She bought a new car and felt great about her choice .	The PERSON family went to the Subaru dealership to look at cars to buy . They wanted a Subaru and test drove several models . The sedans were nice but the mini SUV had more space . The PERSON family discussed each of their opinions on the cars . They purchased the SUV model and rode home happy .	PERSON wanted a new vehicle . He drove to a dealership . He browsed many vehicles . He test drove one he liked . He purchased the vehicle .
waitress	Needing money , PERSON got a job as a waitress . She saw how the other waitresses competed for the best tippers . PERSON determined to give every customer the same great service . Soon , she was mostly waiting on big families that left small tips . PERSON decided it was time to start competing like the other girls .	PERSON took an after school job as a waitress . She served food and cleaned tables . Her customers loved her , so they tipped her well . In one night she made almost a hundred dollars ! PERSON really loved waitressing !	I went to the pizza place to find out the details of PERSON 's death . I asked for the manager but instead a waitress came walking over to me She just started waving her finger in my face as she told me lies . I was still in shock and was about to just turn and leave . That was when something came over me and I punched her in the face .	PERSON laughed at the girl running around taking orders . He told her to go at her own pace and passed her a joint . The girl smoked it and got very mellow . Then customers complained about their food not arriving . The boss fired the girl for being so slow .	PERSON was a waitress . She worked at a bed and breakfast . She never got paid less than fifty dollars in tips . Today was an exception . PERSON made three hundred dollars .	When I was a teenager , I broke my wrist . A few years later , I started working in a restaurant . I could n't bear the weight of a full tray of drinks on my wrist . A family came in and ordered 12 Pepsis . I spilled them all on the father 's lap .	PERSON was sixteen when she started her first job as a waitress . She was excited to start , but also slightly nervous . She had trained , and thought she 'd be able to carry the tray . But on her first order she overbalanced , and the tray crashed down . PERSON realized she had a lot more to learn about being a waitress .	PERSON hated being a waitress . Last week she almost quit . Customers walked into her job five minutes before closing . They demanded lots of food and left a poor tip . She cried herself to sleep two days in a row .	PERSON got a waitressing job . She was very happy to have a job . On her first day , she found out what hard work it was . However , at the end of the day , her tips were worth all that work . PERSON has learned to really enjoy waitressing .
car troubles	PERSON drove everyday to work . On day his car broke down on the freeway . PERSON left his car at the mechanic . PERSON never fixed his car . PERSON had to take the bus now .	PERSON pulled her sputtering car to the side of the road . She opened the car 's hood to find the engine belching smoke . It had overheated due to trouble with the carburetor . PERSON patched a fix and carefully drove into town . She just barely managed to get it to a mechanic .	PERSON 's car was making strange noises again . She went to the mechanic to have it checked out . PERSON 's mechanic took a listen to the noises for a long time . He told PERSON that she needed to have her belts replaced . PERSON left the car in his hands and took a taxi home .	PERSON was driving down the road . He hears a loud noise coming from his car . He pulled over to see what was wrong . He pops his hood and smoke flies everywhere . He called for help and waited to get picked up .	My car ended up breaking down on the side of the road last month . I ended up having to get it towed to my local auto shop . The technicians stated that my engine misfired and needed a new coil . They were able to fix my car the next day . Since then my car has worked fine .	The transmission on my car had to be replaced . Less than a mile from the transmission place the engine went out . We had the car towed to the shop . The mechanics said we needed a whole new engine . We sold the car for scrap .	John never changed the oil in his car . He thought he did n't need to . On his way to work his car clunked out . He could n't make it to work . He regretted not changing his oil	PERSON wanted her parent to buy her a car . She spent her extra time doing chores . She got a part time job . She asked her parents for the car . Her parent would n't buy it for her .	Faith 's car would n't start one morning . She had it towed to the car repair shop . The mechanic said that the car had big problems . Faith sold the car for scrap instead of repairing it . Now Faith rides the bus while she saves for a new car .
bubbles	PERSON cautioned his students not to smoke pot . After class , he noticed some kids outside behind the building . He ran outside and suspected them of smoking pot . He tore the object from one student 's hand . It was just bubbles that they were blowing .	PERSON overslept that morning . She had to rush her shower to arrive in time at work . As she climbed on the bus , she scratched her head . She found soap bubbles when she retrieved her hand from her hair . As soon as she arrived at work , she cleaned the bubbles away .	PERSON was having a wedding . But she had heard that throwing rice was harmful to birds . She asked her guests to blow bubbles instead . They acquiesced . PERSON was happy with her eco-friendly wedding !	My son has a friend . She is a cute little girl . She has long golden hair . My son was playing with bubbles . Some bubbles popped in her hair .	PERSON had just moved into her first apartment . She wanted to wash her sheets but had no detergent . Instead she put in some shampoo from her bathroom . Five minutes into the wash bubbles began foaming over the sides . PERSON learned never to put soap in the washing machine .	PERSON was babysitting some young children she did n't know very well . She was n't sure how to keep them occupied . She decided to take them outside to blow bubbles . She had bought some with her just in case . They had a blast chasing the bubbles around , trying to pop them .	PERSON went to a bar and ordered a club soda . The bartender made a drink and slid it over to PERSON . PERSON looked at the glass and saw no bubbles . He complained that this was not what he ordered . The bartender rolled her eyes and made a new drink .	PERSON and PERSON were swimming at the lake . PERSON felt something in the sand under her feet . Michael dove under the water and pulled out a clam . The clam started spitting water out at them . PERSON and PERSON named the clam Bubbles .	PERSON went to the library for story time . The librarian blew soap bubbles for the kids to catch . The bigger boys ran in front of PERSON to catch the bubbles . PERSON started crying . The librarian blew some bubbles just for PERSON to catch .
oil	My stepdad said never to visit on my motorcycle . I had just come to visit them . There was oil in the garage . My bike leaked oil . I parked my bike in his garage .	PERSON wanted to cook a delicious dinner . But PERSON realized he had no cooking oil . So PERSON drove to the store . He found some cooking oil and bought it . PERSON cooked a very delicious meal that night .	PERSON drove his car from LOCATION LOCATION to LOCATION LOCATION . He noticed the car was burning oil . He had to feed it oil in order to continue driving . PERSON refused to do that . The engine seized up and PERSON left the car on the side of the road .	The car began to sputter . The driver stopped the car . He got out and examined it . The oil was out . He bought some more oil .	The man was cooking . He knocked over some oil . The oil fell on the floor . He did not notice . He slipped on the oil .	PERSON had to pay for the oil The oil guy came to her house She scrambled to get the money but could n't find it . The oil guy waited for 2 hours . She found it in the end	PERSON drove his car across the country . He put a lot of miles on his car . One day he noticed the car was leaking oil . PERSON had to constantly feed the car oil to drive it . PERSON spent a lot of money on oil in order to drive the car .	PERSON had a beat up car . His car would n't start before work . PERSON decided to check the oil . He realized there was no oil ! PERSON added oil and now his car works !	PERSON needed new oil for his car . So he went to a car store and bought some . He put the oil in his car . His car ran better now that it had new oil . PERSON was glad .
the new car	PERSON got a job when she was fourteen . She saved her money for two Year 's so she could buy a car . One of the first times she drove the car , she got into a bad accident . The car flipped over twice and slid across a lane of oncoming traffic . The car was totaled and PERSON had no money or car , but she was alive .	Adam needed a new car . He looked online to find the one he wanted . He found a dealership that sold the car . He went to the dealership and test drove the car . Adam bought the car .	Today I bought a new car . The car was is very nice and I am proud of the car . I worked very hard to earn the money for the new car . I have been very careful when driving my car . I hope my car lasts me a long time because it was very expensive .	PERSON was thinking of buying a new car . She test drove several different models . She read reviews online of different cars . PERSON compared the different prices of the cars she liked . She finally made a decision based on all the information she had .	PERSON needed a car . Her husband took her car shopping . They were out all day . PERSON was getting sick of car shopping . Suddenly she seen a brand new red car and bought it .	PERSON was saving up to buy his dream car . He was finally able to buy it . Upon purchasing it , he decided to take it on the highway . PERSON made the bad decision to speed on the highway . He got into an accident and ruined his brand new car .	PERSON ' old car had broken down again . His mechanic warned him his car needed a lot of repairs . A couple of days later , PERSON was hired as a reporter . But he needed reliable transportation . He grabbed a financing offer , he thought was fake , and got a new car .	PERSON wanted a new car . He looked through many ads and dealerships in his search . One day his friend showed him a picture of a red sports car . PERSON knew this was the car for him . PERSON bought the car and was very happy .	PERSON passed his driving test . He decided to buy his first car . He went to the car dealership . He test drove a blue Honda . He bought the blue Honda .
books	She walked into the library for the first time . She had no idea how to use the catalog system . She asked someone to show her how to find what she needed . An employee was very friendly , and offered to help . She learned how to research and locate items with the employee .	PERSON wanted to write a book . He wrote one about science . He found he really liked to write . He wrote two more books . They sold a lot of copies .	PERSON 's books on her book shelf were in no particular order . So PERSON took out all her books . Then ordered them by genre . She then placed the books back into the shelf in order . She was glad to have her books ordered .	We live in a condo with storage bins for each unit . Once I saw a bin was not in use . I put my amazon books into the bin . Later I found the bin was locked . I removed the door with a screwdriver and retrieved my books .	There was a kid who loved to read books . He had so many books his bookcase was full . He decided he would have to stop collected . He went to the library a whole lot more now . He would read the books at the library .	Today my sister-in-law delivered three bags of books . I sell books online for family and friends . The books were from my niece 's college book drive . I listed ten books . Within an hour I had sold one .	I bought some books from a yard sale . I organized them alphabetically . I put them on the bookshelf . One fell onto the floor . I decided to sit down and read it .	My friend PERSON and I send each other books . I sent him a 2666 , a modern classic . Today he sent me two books . One was a book I had sent him . We laughed about this .	My sister in law was excited this week . She found two complete sets of Time Life books in her attic . I researched LOCATION and said she could make $ 200 . When she weighed the books she found out they were too heavy . She decided to donate the books to people who could pick them up .
