black coffee	PERSON always drank his coffee black . One day he tried creamer in his coffee . He loved it alot so he tried sugar in it as well . When PERSON went to the dentist , he had cavities . PERSON uses creamer only in his coffee now .	I wanted to try black coffee . My dad laughed at me and said it tasted terrible . He gave me a sip in the cold night air . I shivered all over and yelled that it was gross . He just laughed again and kept drinking his coffee .	I love to drink coffee every day . I have been doing it for Years and it helps me get through the day . I take it with cream and sugar each time . I 've read an article that so much sugar is very bad for you . So from now on I just drink it black and it works fine .
a new pet	A little girl asked for a pet for her birthday . She did not know what kind of pet she wanted . Her parents surprised her and bought her a puppy . They gave her the puppy after her other gifts . The girl was very happy with her new pet .	PERSON went to an animal shelter to find a new pet . She saw a white kitten and immediately fell in love . The worker told PERSON that she was planning on adopting the kitten . The worker ended up letting PERSON adopt it . PERSON showed off her new kitten to her family .	PERSON was working in the garden . He saw something move in the grass and leaned in for a closer look . He saw a small , white snake holding still . He picked her up and took her inside . He got her a terrarium and has kept her as a pet ever since .
wrong	PERSON was driving to a new destination . He ended up getting lost . he started seeing public housing and suspicious characters . He got scared and drove away as fast as he could . He gets out of the area in the next 10 minutes .	Something was obviously going wrong . The baby 's heart rate was dropping . At times it seemed to stop completely . She told the nurses , who let it go for hours . She demanded they call a doctor .	PERSON needed surgery on her right knee . She was afraid they 'd operate on the wrong one . She wrote right on her right knee . She wrote wrong on the left . They still operated on the wrong knee !
new hair color	PERSON was invited to a Halloween party . PERSON figured that for dramatic effect , he should color his hair . Since PERSON 's costume was green , PERSON decided on that color . After the stylist finished the coloring , PERSON regretted it . PERSON was disappointed with his new , bold , green hair color .	PERSON wanted to get a new hair color . She was not liking her current dark color . So she went to the salon to go blonde . Unfortunately it did not look good . So she had to go back to her original .	PERSON had always been a blonde . She decided to do something different with her hair . She went to her stylist and chose a different color . She picked out a brunette color . She was very happy with her new color .
pie	PERSON sliced the hot pie . Some pie filling squirted out of the pie . The hot filling landed on her arm . PERSON got startled . She dropped her knife on the ground .	PERSON baked a blueberry pie . She set it out on the window to cool . Two hours later , she checked the window again . The pie was mostly gone . She saw two fat cats with pie on their whiskers sleeping nearby .	PERSON was baking a pie for a party later . He put the pie in the oven and went to do other chores . It was a busy morning , and PERSON decided he needed to take a nap . He woke up to the sound of the smoke alarm . Unfortunately , the pie was ruined .
the escape	PERSON walked home after school . A stranger passed by and stopped his car . He tried to attack PERSON . She ran away . She went home and told her parents what happened .	There was a hole in the fence at the zoo . A wild tiger managed to escape . The zookeeper ran all over town trying to find it . The zookeeper called the name of the tiger in a large park . The tiger growled and came towards the zookeeper .	A prisoner was able to sneak in a lot of stage makeup into jail . He spent hours one night putting on makeup to change his face . The prisoner fooled the guards into thinking he was the warden . The prisoner walked out the front door without any suspicion . No one realized he was gone for hours .
dolphins	PERSON went to LOCATION last week . While she was there , she had an adventure . She got to experience swimming with dolphins . She said it was amazing . She brought back a photograph of her kissing the dolphin on its nose .	Pam was on a cruise ship . She has always wanted to see dolphins . So she stood out on the deck and looked at the ocean . She over an hour and thought of leaving . But then she saw a group of dolphins leap out of the ocean .	On my Navy ship , we 'd often see dolphins . They 'd play near the bow when we were close to shore . We left our homeport once , and dozens of dolphins cavorted up front . The man steering the ship tried to avoid them . The Captain became angry and relieved him of duty .
laughter	My wife was nearly due , we were ready to meet our son . We tried everything to induce labor ourselves . We walked , jumped , laughed . After what felt like forever , it was time and we drove to hospital . PERSON was born at 9 pounds 2 ounces .	PERSON is always smiling and joking with her friends . She believes that laughter is always the best medicine . When she is feeling down about events in her life she tries to laugh . One day she accidentally ran into the cafeteria wall . Though she was embarrassed she laughed it off .	The couple dressed like vampires . They walked to the Halloween party . Somebody ran up with a wooden stake . The couple cowered in fear . The man with the stake laughed maniacally .
rush hour	Fred went to the city for the weekend . He wanted to spend time with friends . He got off work and was stuck in rush hour traffic . He sat in traffic for over an hour . He decided to just go home and sleep instead .	PERSON drove into the highway . There was plenty of traffic , including a road blockage . The traffic cleared up after 1-2 hours . Since PERSON got to work late , her boss was mad . He rushed her to continue working on their project .	I usually leave work at five o'clock . I always hit a lot of traffic because of rush hour . It ends up taking me twice as long to get home . So I decided to leave at six o'clock instead . Now it only takes me half the time to get home .
presentation	The man gave a presentation . He asked for questions from the audience . The audience had a lot questions . The organizer realized the man was a good presenter . He asked him to present at the next convention .	She had a limited time to learn to give a presentation . She received lessons on how to use powerpoint . After she had everything planned , she went to the meeting . She did a great job in the meeting . Her boss offered her a raised after it was over .	PERSON had never spoken in front of a crowd before . His teacher tasked PERSON with presenting information to the class . Nervous , PERSON worked very hard on the material for the presentation . PERSON also watched YouTube videos of famous speeches . PERSON made a great debut with his presentation !
cave	PERSON loved to go camping . One day , he went camping all day and night . PERSON finally decided he needed to set up camp . After searching for many hours , he finally found a cave . Finally , PERSON was able to sleep in his cave .	PERSON decided to spend the night in a cave . He brought his favorite blanket . He was very scared . Once he heard the birds singing he knew he would be fine . He slept comfortably all night .	Kia loved exploring . One day some friends invited her on a trip . It was a spelunking tour , exploring caves . Kia eagerly signed up for the trip . She could n't wait for the fun adventure !
new tv	My friend got wild while dancing in my living room one day . He accidentally knocked my TV over . It shattered into a million pieces . My friend offered to buy me a new TV . My new TV it was even better than the old one .	A man and his wife were tired of their old TV . They ordered a new one from Amazon . When the TV arrived it had a giant crack across the screen . They emailed customer service to complain . They ended up with a new TV and a gift certificate .	PERSON was excited to get a new 60 inch TV . He mounted the TV on his wall . As he was watching the football game his dog knocked over his TV . The TV broken in a million pieces . PERSON called his insurance company and was able to get a replacement .
new baby	PERSON was getting a little sister . He was not sure about this . He was used to being the only child . When the new baby came , PERSON became very jealous . However , as time passed , PERSON grew to love his new sister .	PERSON had a beautiful new baby . She and her husband had been trying to have a baby for years . The day the baby was born there was a big celebration . Everyone brought presents to the hospital . PERSON was so excited that she started crying .	PERSON got in the car when PERSON said it was time to go . Daddy drove to a big building , and took PERSON to a room where PERSON was . In Mommy 's arms , there was a tiny baby , and PERSON was very confused . `` Come here , '' PERSON said , and PERSON climbed onto the bed . `` This is your sister , her name is PERSON , '' PERSON said , and PERSON was happy .
purple	PERSON loved the color purple . She went out of her way to purchase purple items . She constantly wore purple clothing . Her husband decided to surprise her with a new home . PERSON and her husband now live in a completely purple house .	I walked into the store looking for swatches . I did n't know what to paint my daughter 's room . The person suggested I try something besides pink . He helped me look at colors . We chose purple , in a lilac shade .	PERSON was an artist . She only painted with the color red . One day , PERSON decided to use the color purple along with red . PERSON really liked the way the colors clashed and sold the work . Now PERSON is filthy rich !
the girlfriend	I recently came out to my mom as a lesbian this past September . Since then it 's been a really interesting journey of self-discovery . I was n't sure if I 'd ever actually date another girl but now I am . We 've even exchanged the silly pet names and consider it exclusive . I did n't think I 'd ever call someone my girlfriend and feel so much .	I started seeing someone a while ago . We had a lot of fun , and did everything together . One day it started to get stale . She blamed me and I blamed myself . We are n't together anymore .	PERSON bought a ring for his girlfriend for Christmas . When he brought the box out her face looked panicked . She told PERSON she did n't want to marry him . PERSON sadly told her it was not an engagement ring . PERSON decided to break up instead of giving her the ring .
elephant ride	PERSON went to the zoo . He saw that they were giving elephant rides ! He begged his mom to let him ride . She reluctantly agreed . PERSON climbed up and rode the elephant happily !	PERSON recently visited LOCATION . PERSON had the opportunity to ride an elephant while there . At first , PERSON was scared , but the trainer calmed her down . Once on the elephant , PERSON was amazed at how calm the animal was . PERSON vowed if she returned to LOCATION she would ride an elephant again .	PERSON wanted to ride an elephant . He saw a sign at the circus advertising elephant rides . He went to the advertised area and paid his fee . They put him on an elephant and let him ride around for ten minutes . PERSON whooped and hollered with joy like a small boy !
PERSON gets new shoes	PERSON is doing some light shopping on a Saturday . She decides she needs a new outfit for a party later that week . She picks out a cute new black dress . She then decides she needs some shoes to match . She finds and buys a very cute pair of black heels .	PERSON had to get a new pair of shoes . His cat had ripped his old shoes to shreds . PERSON went to the mall to browse some shoes . He decided to purchase a pair of white tennis shoes . Unfortunately , his new tennis shoes got stained the very next day .	PERSON was a poor boy who had nothing . He had one pair of shoes and they were old and torn up . One day while walking he gets stopped by an old man on the street . The old man offers to buy him new shoes . The old man buys PERSON some new shoes .
cherries	PERSON had a job picking cherries . He climbed up the tree and picked the cherries . He put the cherries in his bag . Then he went to the next tree . By the end of the day , he had filled ten bags .	PERSON picked cherries from the tree in her yard . Then she melted down milk chocolate . She dipped the cherries in the chocolate . Then she boxed them and gifted them to her friends . Her friends were thrilled at the tasty treat !	PERSON loved cherries , but her mom could rarely afford them . All winter , PERSON begged for cherries , but she rarely got them . Then in the spring , an amazing thing happened . The tree in PERSON 's yard produced hundreds of cherries ! PERSON was able to eat cherries all summer long !
project	One day , PERSON 's teacher assigned him a project . It was very hard and difficult . PERSON stayed up all night working . After many hours , it was finished . PERSON was happy with it and got an A.	My teacher assigned a project in class . By the time I got home , I had already forgotten about it . Three days went by and a friend messaged me asking if I had done it . I was very upset with myself for forgetting about it . The entire night was spent working on the project , but it got done .	My wife was working on a project . She drew a lot of squares . She cut the squares out of the paper . She glued the squares together . She made a cube for her project .
butterflies	The yard began to fill with butterflies . The kids ran outside to try to catch them . Nobody had a net , so they grabbed trash bags . The adults stood on the porch and laughed . It was a fun day for everyone .	PERSON was a butterfly enthusiast . Every day PERSON tried to catch new butterflies to study . One day , PERSON saw the rarest butterfly he had ever seen . PERSON tried , but failed , to catch the butterfly . PERSON now spends his life in search of the rare butterfly .	PERSON bought a butterfly net . She thought it would be fun to catch and study them . But then she saw how delicate they were . She thought the net would hurt them . She decided not to chase them , after all .
reunited	PERSON found a kitten on the sidewalk . It seemed lost . PERSON heard a meowing sound . He realized it was the mother cat . PERSON led the mother cat to her kitten .	PERSON and PERSON were best friends as kids . One year , PERSON moved away to LOCATION . They did not talk for the next 20 years . One day , PERSON decided to look PERSON up on Facebook . They realized that they now lived in the same town and reunited .	PERSON and PERSON met at summer camp when they were young teens . PERSON was n't allowed to return the next summer . He thought about PERSON all through his life . When he was thirty , he moved to LOCATION . At a coffee shop , he ran into PERSON , who was thrilled to see him .
the party	The PERSON family went to their mother 's birthday party . There were a lot of people at the party and lots of food to eat too . Later on a dance troop arrived and danced with fire sticks . One of the dancers dropped the stick and nearly set fire to the grass ! Luckily Mr PERSON put it out with a bucket of water .	PERSON had made some new friends at work . They invited him over for a dinner party . PERSON showed up in jeans and a t-shirt . However , everyone was dressed up . He was embarrassed that he did n't know it was a formal dinner .	We got invited to June 's party . I was a little worried to go . I did not know anyone that would be there . I did n't want to sit in the corner all night . Everyone ended up being really nice .
birthday party	Our 2 year old granddaughter went to her cousin 's birthday party . He turned eight . They swam in the pool and had a Mario cake . Then they broke a pinata . Our granddaughter got some candy and was happy .	I remember when we celebrated my 18th birthday it was so fun . I invited all my friends and they all attended . As i enter the stage i feel so beautiful and stunning . They made me feel that it was my big day . After the party , i opened all my gifts and i love them all .	I went to a children 's birthday party . First , I had some cake . Next , I played with some of the kids . After , I gave the birthday boy his present . Lastly , I went home .
tea time	When I got home from work tonight I made a mug of tea . I then sat down at my computer to do some research . One thing led to another and I had forgotten all about my tea . I only remembered when I knocked the mug over and ruined my keyboard . Now I put my tea on the table next to the computer .	PERSON and her friends got together yesterday for tea time . The girls tasted lemon tea and ate tiny desserts that were delicious . The girls then shared many gossip stories about their lives . The highlight of the day was when LOCATION 's boyfriend came to say hello . The girls had so much fun at the end .	PERSON drank tea quite often during the week at work . Her coworker PERSON had wanted to quit drinking coffee . He told PERSON he did not have any tea . PERSON told her he was going to get another cup of coffee . PERSON gave him some tea to drink instead .
sand	We went to the Beach last week . The baby love to play in the sand . I could not believe it when she started to eat the sand . I rushed to wash it out of her mouth . I believe she had already swallowed some .	PERSON and PERSON went to the beach . They had fun in the sun . PERSON decided to build a sand castle . PERSON went to work and exerted himself to build a sandcastle . PERSON eventually build an incredible sand castle and impressed PERSON .	LOCATION went to the beach with his family . The wind began to blow . A grain of sand blew into LOCATION 's eye . PERSON began to cry from the pain . PERSON 's mom tried to help get the sand from his eye .
the pig	PERSON wanted a pet . She was allergic to cats and did n't really like dogs . Her husband came home with a surprise . It was a pig ! PERSON was n't sure at first but it ended up being a delightful pet .	PERSON lived on a farm . She bought a pig . It was so pink and cute . She fed it scraps and slop . The pig grew quickly .	PERSON loved animals . He especially loved his pet pig . The pig was named PERSON and he was big and fat . PERSON took great care of the pig . He loved having him around the house .
cat fight	PERSON let her cat out one night . She all of a sudden heard loud screeching . She ran outside . PERSON saw her cat fighting another cat . She quickly intervened and protected her pet .	PERSON wants to go to the dance with PERSON . But PERSON asks PERSON . Out of jealousy PERSON spreads rumors that PERSON is a slut . When PERSON finds out she attacks PERSON in the hallway . Both girls get suspended .	Every weekend PERSON brings her cat named PERSON to our house to visit . Our cat PERSON bullies PERSON . One morning we heard a loud cat shriek . We found PERSON in the bedroom laying silently by the dresser . We found PERSON cowering in fear under that dresser .
new bag	While on her way to school PERSON 's backpack broke . Her books fell all over the sidewalk . She decided to go to the mall the next day . While searching for a new bag she found a very beautiful one . The new bag is much stronger and she receives many compliments .	I went shopping for a new bag . There was one that i saw that I just loved . When I got the store it was n't there . I was so upset I decide to just by something else and go home . I ended up finding the bag at another store .	Karen bought a new bag She was excited about showing it off . She wore it out to the club with friends . At the club five other women had the same bag . Karen was annoyed and stopped wearing it as much .
cousin	My cousin PERSON was very short . She was unfortunately also very round . She walked to her living room to look up at the clock . When she looked at the clock , she fell backwards . We made sure she was ok while we tried not to laugh .	My daughter 's cousin came to visit . This cousin was very active . He scared our cat with his running and shouting . He also chased the cat around the house . Our cat took revenge by scratching him on the arm .	PERSON loved his cousin a lot . They were best friends since they were little . One day , he found out his cousin was moving . This made PERSON very sad . Now , PERSON only meets his cousin once a month .
the clock	PERSON 's vision had begun to deteriorate . She asked her daughter to buy her a magnifying glass . Her daughter found a large magnifying glass on LOCATION . She gave the magnifying glass to PERSON . Now PERSON can read the small print on her prescription bottles .	PERSON bought an antique clock at a yard sale . She set it up on her side table and wound it . It ticked reassuringly and helped PERSON relax . One day it stopped ticking and winding it up did n't help . PERSON decided to use it just for decoration , not to keep time .	PERSON inherited an old clock from his father . It did n't work at all anymore and it took up a lot of space . On his way to throw it in the dumpster he knocked it on a door frame . The clock sprang to life , unstuck now . PERSON kept it to pass down to his kid .
the playground	The kids were anxious for spring . The weather turned very nice one day in March . They went to the playground to take advantage of it . They had a lot of fun swinging and sliding . The playground was the best place to be when the weather was nice !	One sunny afternoon , PERSON went to the playground . He was intent on practicing the monkey bars . But when he got there he noticed that the playground was torn down ! How would he ever learn to fly across those bars ? Luckily , his friend PERSON told him about another park close by !	PERSON wanted to play at the playground . PERSON 's mom told him he needed to clean his room first . PERSON disobeyed and went to the playground without cleaning his room . Mom discovered PERSON 's room still messy . PERSON was grounded when he got home .
the scissors	PERSON had a cut on his finger . He 'd used some sharp scissors carelessly . He put a bandaid on the cut and continued to work . He finished his art project and returned the scissors to the drawer . He was going to be more careful next time .	PERSON was wrapping a gift . She had wrapping paper and tape but no scissors ! She ripped her house apart looking for the scissors . She finally gave up and used a knife . The wrapping job did n't look very good !	PERSON is in third grade . PERSON sits in front of him in class . One day he uses his safety scissors to cut a small lock of PERSON 's hair The school treats the incident as an assault with a weapon . The school suspends PERSON for 3 days .
thanksgiving parade	PERSON asked PERSON to come over to watch the parade on TV . PERSON and PERSON had a great time watching all the cartoon character floats . The parade was ending and the kids were excited to see the last float . Just then PERSON 's dad came into the room and stumbled on the cord . They hurriedly plugged the TV back in , but the parade had ended .	PERSON wanted to do something special for Thanksgiving . PERSON decided to attend the Thanksgiving parade for the first time . PERSON loved to see the various entries in the parade . In addition , PERSON loved to see the smiling faces along the route . PERSON had a great time at the annual Thanksgiving parade .	Yesterday I went to NYC to see the thanksgiving parade . It was very fun . I loved seeing all the floats . My friends and I had a great time . We could n't wait to come back next year .
corn on the cob	PERSON planted each seed of corn by hand . She scuffed at the dirt with her shoe , when the last one was in . Alone in the field , the harvest seemed so very far off . After the corn had grown and it was time to reap it , she was sad . Turning the brown husks under and starting anew seemed so far off .	PERSON loved eating vegetables . Corn on the cob was her favorite . She bought some from the store . She boiled it and put salt and butter all over it . Then she chowed down !	It was PERSON 's first BBQ . She put some corn on the cob on the grill . She turned it every so often . Soon it was done , husked , and buttered . PERSON could n't wait to taste her cooking !
new driver	PERSON got her license when she turned 16 . She did n't take driving seriously and would text and drive . One day , she was sending a text and ran a stop light . PERSON was ejected from her car after hitting another vehicle . PERSON lost a leg as a result and never texted while driving again .	PERSON wanted to learn to drive . He had his dad help him practice every evening . PERSON was becoming better with each session . He was ready to take his big test . PERSON passed his driving exam with flying colors .	PERSON was happy to finally have his driving permit . His mom and dad spent hours helping him learn to drive . Finally his 16th birthday came and he went to take his driving test . He was very nervous but was happy when he passed . He was happy to finally be a new driver .
crying baby	PERSON had a newborn baby . She did n't know how to stop the baby from crying . PERSON decided to go stay with her mother for a few days . Her mother gave her tips on caring for the baby . PERSON was able to keep the baby calm more often .	PERSON was on a long flight home . Also on the flight was a family with a baby . The baby would n't stop crying the entire flight . PERSON tried using ear plugs but it did n't help much . He was extremely frustrated by the time they landed .	PERSON was giving a speech . All of a sudden a baby started crying . PERSON tried to ignore it at first . Eventually PERSON asked that it be removed . Once the crying stopped john kept giving his speech .
floating down the river	PERSON and all his friends were excited . They had all rented tubes to float down the river . It was a perfect day for being in the water . They all got on their floats and went down the river . They all had such a great time and agreed to do it again .	My friend and i got a Canoe . We took the canoe to a nearby river . We floated down the river for 2 hours . I got a lot of sun . We had a really fun day .	PERSON and his friends were having a blast . They had decided to float down the river . They all got a bunch of old tubes to float in . They grabbed some water and headed out . They floated down the river that whole afternoon having fun .
counseling	PERSON and her boyfriend PERSON had been dating for eight years . Lately things had been rough , so when he asked her out , she sighed . She was sure they were going to break up that evening . But instead , PERSON said he wanted to make things work with PERSON ! He said he had already scheduled , and paid for , couples counseling !	PERSON knew she needed help with her debts and credit score . She had always wanted credit counseling . It was expensive , so she had never gotten it . But finally she made an appointment with a financial advisor . He helped her greatly and PERSON was so happy she 'd done it !	The couple went to counseling . The counselor was not very helpful . The couple were more careful picking the next counselor . The next counselor was a better fit . The couple resolved their issues together .
green grass	PERSON always wanted to have a yard of his own . When he moved into his first house he was excited . Unfortunately there was a sudden winter freeze . It killed all his grass . He had to start over from scratch .	I was looking at my lawn one day . I was sad that my grass was brown . My neighbor 's grass was green . I wanted green grass just like my neighbor . So I decided to move in with him .	PERSON was jealous of his neighbor 's green grass . One day PERSON asked his neighbor how his grass was so lush and green . His neighbor suggested that PERSON use a certain fertilizer . PERSON bought the fertilizer and applied it . PERSON 's grass grew lush and green like his neighbor 's .
ramen	PERSON was a freshman in college , and he moved into the dorm . It was his first time away from home and he had very little money . He heard girls whispering about fear of gaining the Freshman 15 . But PERSON was confused by their worries . After all , the only thing he could afford to eat was ramen noodles !	PERSON made some ramen . She was very poor and did n't have money for food . She cracked an egg and put it into the ramen . She ate her meal in disgust . She had had ramen every day the whole week .	On May 24th , my brother took me out to lunch for my 63rd birthday . We went to a Ramen shop in LOCATION . Ramen is a Japanese noodle . I had a big bowl of Ramen . I was not impressed , but will try it again later .
stranded	PERSON was alone on the highway with a flat tire . She tried to attract the attention of drivers , but no one stopped . She stayed there till night fall until she remembered something . She barely had bought a cell phone . She used it to call for support right away .	PERSON was driving home . Her car got a flat tire . She thought she was stuck . Someone pulled over to change her tire . She was happy for the help .	I was driving to my parents ' house , which is located on a farm . I was distracted when I got in my car , and did n't check my gas levels . Halfway to my parents ' house , my car ran out of gas . I pulled out my cell phone , but was getting no reception . I had to wait an hour before somebody drove by and rescued me .
car race	PERSON pulled up beside PERSON and raced his car engine . PERSON pointed at the red light to indicate the race was on . PERSON revved his engine , but did n't move when the light turned green . PERSON sped away and passed the police car parked up ahead on the curb . PERSON drove past the flashing police light very slowly .	PERSON took his car to the drag strip . He decided to race anybody who wanted . Only a motorcycle accepted his challenge . They lined up and went off . It was a surprisingly close race .	PERSON 's dream was to watch a touring car race in person . So he saved up money in order to travel to a race circuit . He was amazed to see the cars and drivers up close . And the sound of the cars was amazing . PERSON decided to do the same thing next year .
PERSON goes to the beach	PERSON decided she was tired of staying at home all day . She took a trip to visit the beach . It was a long journey . When she finally arrived , she relaxed and listened to the waves . PERSON was happy that she had left the her home .	PERSON woke up in a terrible mood . The first thing he did was spill coffee on his clean white shirt . He swore and screamed and punched his door . After that , he changed his shirt and left his house . He met his girlfriend at the beach and took his shirt off .	PERSON got out of bed , and noticed how nice it was outside . PERSON thought it would be a good idea to go to the beach . She packed her favorite beach towel , water , and snacks . Once PERSON arrived at the beach , she realized she forgot her sunscreen ! Luckily , her friend PERSON was there , and let PERSON use hers .
the discovery	PERSON was a Geology minor in college . He and his friend , PERSON , went on a hike to identify rocks . They found a red rock but they could n't explain why it was red . They brought the rock back to college and gave it to their teacher . Their teacher said , wow , you discovered a new rock !	PERSON was researching a major disease . He thought he could cure it , but he lacked funding . He managed to find three people to offer him research grants . With their help , his work continued . Within one year , he found a complete cure for the disease !	A captain and his men were sailing through the pacific . All of a sudden , one of the captain 's men saw land . They sailed over to the island and saw savage people on the beach . The captain decided to sail around the new island to map it . Eventually , the natives became angry and they had to sail away .
shrimp	PERSON was making a seafood-themed dinner . He cooked mahi mahi and potatoes . Then he remembered he needed an appetizer . He decided to make shrimp and cocktail sauce . His appetizer was perfect to fit his themed dinner !	I was preparing dinner . I decided to add some shrimp to the meal . Alas , the shrimp did not cook completely . I made all the dinner guests sick with food poisoning . One of the guests sued me and I lost in court .	Ada had tried shrimp once and hated it . But her dad urged her to try it again , with cocktail sauce . She reluctantly agreed to try it . But when she dipped her shrimp in the sauce and tasted , she smiled . The cocktail sauce actually made Ada enjoy the shrimp !
helping out	My peer at work got a promotion that I wanted . I was extremely bitter at first because I worked hard for that . She told me that she thought I deserved to get promotion too . She then asked me to help her in her new role . I did and she praised my kindness to the boss .	PERSON 's cousin ran a small business . He needed PERSON to do some sewing for his business . PERSON was not fond of sewing . PERSON was hesitant to help . But she agreed to help since he was family .	I stopped at the stop light by the road intersection . There was an old man selling a set of fruits . No one bothered to buy it and ended up closing their windows . Although I did n't want the fruits , I just decided to buy it . Before moving , he thanked me .
adopted	The family adopted a child . The child fit in well with the family . The family talked about adopting another kid . There adopted child felt nervous about that . The family decided not to adopt another kid .	PERSON was adopted as a baby . When PERSON turned 18 she decided to search for birth parents . She found them after a year of searching . PERSON was n't very fond of her birth parents or their lifestyle . She became very thankful that she was adopted .	Kia 's parents sat her down on her tenth birthday . They told her they had some shocking news for her . Then they revealed that Kia was adopted ! They feared she would react badly to the news . Thankfully , though , Kia took it very well .
indian food	PERSON has never eaten Indian food . But he passed by an Indian restaurant during his commute everyday . One day , he decided to go there after work . And he thought it was the best food he 's ever had . Every weekend , he decided to eat at the same restaurant .	PERSON had never had Indian food before . Her friends took her to try it . She was hesitant , but she tried everything they ordered . Some of it was too spicy , but some of it was great . She has a new appreciation now for Indian food .	PERSON was at an Indian restaurant . But he was n't sure what to order . He remembered that saag paneer was a popular dish . So he ordered that with naan . PERSON had never eaten anything so good before .
the hoarder	PERSON likes to hoard things that people throw out . Does n't matter what the object is , PERSON will hoard it if he sees it . His neighbor threw out 2 broken vacuums . PERSON found them in the trash and took them to his home . PERSON say 's he now owns 10 broken vacuums .	PERSON had a messy house . She started to lose things more often and called her family for help . Her family arrived and could n't believe how messy she let it get . They spent all weekend throwing most of her item away . When they were done , PERSON was shocked to see her house so clean .	PERSON could n't throw anything away . He collected junk and kept all his garbage . Soon , his house was totally full . PERSON decided he would clean it all up . After an hour , he gave up .
PERSON flies a kite	PERSON wanted to find more fun things to do with his son . One day he realized he had never flown a kite with his son . PERSON went to the store and bought two terrific kites . They spent the rest of the weekend flying kites together . PERSON was so happy that he had thought of this idea !	PERSON thought that kites were the coolest thing ever . He always went to the park and watched people fly their kites . He did n't have a kite of his own , so he had never flown one before . One day at the park , a man asked him if PERSON wanted to use his . PERSON got to fly a kite that day .	PERSON bought a colorful rainbow kite with beautiful tails . She could hardly wait to take it out for a flight . PERSON walked down to the beach and unwrapped her kite . She rolled out the kite string as the wind picked her kite up . PERSON ran up and down the shore with her kite for an hour .
PERSON 's revenge	PERSON was in an unhappy marriage with PERSON . PERSON cheated on her very badly . PERSON wanted revenge on him . So , she put sugar in his tank and slashed his tires . He divorced her the next day .	PERSON 's brother had the Power Wheels truck PERSON always wanted . One day PERSON took out the Battery and buried it . When his parents asked he pretended he did n't know anything . His father found the battery in the yard . PERSON was grounded for a week .	PERSON PERSON was a slighted man . Someone had stolen most of his fortune . In a bid to gain it all back , he hatched a plan . In the middle of carrying it out , he was caught by the police . It was then that PERSON realized the value of forgiveness .
dehydration	Our daughter told us last Sunday she did not feel well . She felt stomach cramps . She is pregnant , so she went to the er . They said the baby was fine and she was just dehydrated . She got an IV and felt much better .	PERSON forgot to take her water container to work today . She had a meeting between several officials . It lasted 2-3 hours . Since PERSON had nothing to drink , she felt exhausted . She passed out during the meeting .	PERSON was lost in the desert . Her phone had no battery . She walked aimlessly . Eventually she was too dehydrated . They found her body months later .
brand new phone	PERSON just turned twelve . She really wanted an iphone . All her friends had one . So she begged her parents relentlessly . Finally they said yes and gave her one .	PERSON wanted a new phone . She begged her parents for one . They said no . PERSON finally got her wish though . She found one under her pillow .	PERSON wanted the iPhone very badly . The new one was coming out tomorrow . She got everything ready for it . She could n't believe she was getting it . When it arrived she was so happy .
patience	PERSON was struggling with his new job . He was n't as efficient as he should be and his boss noticed . He finally pulled PERSON aside and told him everything would work out His bosses kind words gave PERSON the encouragement he needed . PERSON eventually became the most efficient employee in the company .	PERSON was trying to learn how to draw . But he could only draw stick figures . He practiced day after day . And it took years for him to draw anything decent . After 10 years , PERSON was glad that he was so patient .	Yesterday was PERSON 's birthday . It was a Monday , so he had to go to school . He knew he had a birthday party after school . He was excited all day . When he got to the party , he was very happy .
the burn	PERSON was working on his car . He touched something hot and burned his arm . It hurt so bad ! He put aloe on it . He was afraid he would have a big scar .	PERSON burned her arm on the oven . She tried not to cry , but the burn hurt a lot . Her grandma sprayed a burn spray on the burn . PERSON put a band-aid on the burn and went to watch TV . After 10 minutes the burn no longer hurt .	Jasmine was making tea . She poured boiling water into the cup . The water splashed and burned her leg . Jasmine cried because it hurt so bad ! She put burn cream on it to make it feel better .
big mistake	PERSON was driving home . He got a text from his wife . He decided to answer it . The lack of attention made him crash . PERSON accidentally killed someone .	PERSON was invited to her cousin 's wedding . She rearranged her work schedule so she could attend the wedding . She ran into her cousin at the mall the day before the wedding . Her cousin was upset that PERSON had n't come to the wedding . PERSON had written down the wrong date , she felt awful .	I once felt like doing something romantic in a random way . I bought a rose and decided to give it to the first girl I saw . I entered the college cafeteria , seeing a girl sitting alone . I strolled up and gave her the rose . Just then a huge guy appeared , asking what I said to his girlfriend .
dissection	PERSON 's class was supposed to be dissecting frogs . PERSON and several others expressed outrage at the idea . PERSON 's teacher said anyone who refused would fail the class . PERSON considered the importance of grades versus principles . She picked up a knife and started dissecting the frog .	PERSON was not normally squeamish . He put on a brave face while looking at the dead frog . He was supposed to dissect the legs , not cutting the tendons . With the first incision , PERSON immediately passed out onto the floor . He heard his classmates laughing when he came too a few moments later .	PERSON hated mice . She was disturbed to find they would be dissecting mice in biology . When the teacher handed out the mice PERSON could feel her skin crawling . Her partner did the majority of the work for PERSON . PERSON was upset to have failed the assignment .
the lamp	PERSON was playing with her volleyball in the house . The volleyball accidentally hit the lamp . The lamp quickly fell over and shattered into pieces . PERSON had to tell her mom , and she was nervous . Her mom was n't upset and said that the lamp was ugly anyways .	PERSON 's bedroom was very dark . She bought a lamp to brighten it up . The lamp gave her room a cozy glow . It was a great improvement . Now PERSON could lay in her bed and read comfortably .	PERSON 's favorite lamp broke one day . The only problem was that the light bulb was hard to find . He searched for a week to find it . A little store in the next town had the special bulb . He bought a pack of bulbs and now his lamp works .
the star	PERSON would like the sun for Christmas . His father explains that the sun is n't for sale . PERSON suggests he just has n't asked the right people . His first gift is a book about how the sun is actually a star . His second gift is a certificate for a star named PERSON .	During a vacation , my family spent a night in a very nice hotel . I got in the elevator with a group of people . One of the people was a somewhat famous star . I told the star how much I enjoyed his work . He rolled their eyes at me .	I looked out my window and saw what I thought to be a star . The dot of light was a funny color so I decided to investigate . I got out my telescope from the garage and set it up . When I pointed at the star I saw it for what it was . The so-called star was really a comet .
coins	I started collecting coins . I primarily like to find North American coins . I have a huge number of Canadian pennies . I 'm beginning to rethink my collecting habits . Collecting more than one of each coin is just getting cumbersome .	The man had a coin collection . He was worried that it could be stolen . He bought some insurance on the collection . Having the insurance made him feel better . He was able to enjoy his collection more in the future .	We found a big tin of foreign coins in the trash . I sold some of the coins on ebay . I made about $ 100 . Some of the coins were American dollar coins . I gave the unsold coins to my teen aged niece .
poet	PERSON wanted to be a poet . His teacher told him that it was a bad idea . His family also told him that it was a bad career choice . PERSON persisted anyway . He wrote a great poem that was published in a book .	PERSON loved to write poems . She wanted to appear in the school talent show , but she was nervous . What if people laughed at her ? But her mom convinced her to appear anyways . And people did n't laugh - they cheered and applauded !	LOCATION wanted to be a poet . He wrote a lovely poem . Then he entered it in the talent show . He did not expect to win . But PERSON took home first prize !
the ride	The family had arrived at LOCATION LOCATION . They immediately got in line for the new ride . They waited over an hour . It was the best ride they 'd ever been on ! They had a ton of fun at Disney .	The subway train broke down when it was in the tunnel under the river . The only way out was to leave the train and walk in the dark . The conductor stayed behind because some people could n't walk . The group that left were almost out when they heard rushing water . They barely made it out of the tunnel before it completely flooded .	PERSON really liked theme parks . But she easily got sick because of them . She decided to ride the fastest one . Unsurprisingly this made her very sick . And she puked everywhere due to it .
study abroad	My cousin decided to study abroad . She traveled across the world to LOCATION . There , she saw many species of interesting wildlife . She made new friends . She was sad to come back to the LOCATION LOCATION .	PERSON was a great student in LOCATION . She studied hard and loved to learn . PERSON was accepted into a student exchange program in the LOCATION . She studied in the LOCATION for 9 months . PERSON had so much fun learning and exploring a new country .	One day I wanted to study abroad in LOCATION . I registered for my classes and put everything in order . At the last minute I realized my scholarship did n't cover everything . I was so sad that I would n't be travelling . In the end though , I ended up going to LOCATION with my church !
quiet	PERSON was on a road trip with his parents . His mom challenged him to a game called the quiet game . Whoever could be quiet for longer won . PERSON tried very hard to stay quiet . But soon he spoke , and his mom won the game !	Everything was quiet . The boy was able to relax . He drifted off to sleep . His mom got home . His mom made too much noise to sleep .	PERSON was perusing books in the library . She found one that looked interesting and sat at a table . Suddenly , a bee landed on her hand . She let out a loud shriek . The librarian looked angry and hushed her .
lost in the woods	PERSON was out in the woods . He got lost after a while . He only had enough signal to call 911 . They sent out someone to help him . PERSON was able to make it back safely .	PERSON was a lover of the outdoors . She hiked , fished , and even hunted whenever she got the chance . When walking in the woods one day , she came across a wounded bird . She quickly scooped up the bird and brought it back to her house . PERSON was able to nurse the small bird back to health and release it .	Jan and PERSON went on a three week vacation to LOCATION LOCATION . While they were there they used a shuttle service to get around . One day the shuttle dropped them at the address they had given . They soon discovered the address was wrong and found themselves lost . Eventually a nice woman named PERSON helped PERSON and Jan find their cabin .
the reunion	PERSON looked at the time . The clock told her it was time to go pick up her son from school . She wondered what new story he would have to tell her today . She got in her car and drove the three minutes to his school . He was excited when he saw her and she realized she had missed him .	PERSON went to her high school reunion . She met up with many of her old friends . The began the night drinking at the bar . Afterwards they ate a delicious dinner and had dessert . The night ended with tons of dancing .	PERSON is going to his high school reunion tonight . He has n't seen any of his old friends in Years . The reunion was full of old friends . PERSON spent the entire night chatting up PERSON . PERSON had a good time at the reunion .
heartburn	PERSON had terrible heartburn . She had been invited for an Italian dinner . She knew the heartburn had to go ! She sipped on cool milk and water until it subsided . Gradually the burning in her throat diminished .	PERSON was at the county fair . He ate a sausage link he bought from a booth . The sausage was spicy . It gave PERSON heartburn . When he left the fair , he went to the store to get medicine .	I woke up from my nap with horrible heartburn . I remembered that I have n't taken my medicine for a few days . I took one of my pills but still had heartburn . I searched the house for my antacid and took some . After about a half hour the heartburn went away .
spicy food	PERSON was out eating with friends . He wanted to act tough and ordered spicy food . Even though the waitress warned him , PERSON ate on . Within minutes he was in tears guzzling water . PERSON never finished his food and his friends mocked him .	PERSON and PERSON were going on a date tonight . PERSON took them to a spicy food restaurant , PERSON hates spicy food . After being there for an hour , PERSON started to sweat very badly . PERSON took her home , thinking she was sick . When they got home , she threw up and felt a lot better .	PERSON always liked spicy food . He was at a friend 's house for dinner . They warned him about the spiciness of one dish . He thought he could handle it and took a big bite . He cried and drank water for almost twenty minutes .
indecisive	PERSON wanted to buy a chocolate bar but could n't choose which one . The store clerk waited five minutes before asking him to choose . PERSON picked five of them and asked the clerk to choose for him . The clerk picked one but PERSON shook his head . PERSON finally picked another chocolate bar and paid for it .	PERSON went to a shoe store . And she tried on several pairs of shoes . She narrowed her choices down to three different pairs . But after an hour , she could not decide which one to buy . PERSON ended up purchasing nothing .	PERSON was at the grocery store . And he decided on six items he would buy . But he changed his mind and put half of the items back . And he spent twenty minutes looking for other things to buy . In the end , however , PERSON decided to buy the initial six items .
rude awakening	PERSON 's mother set his alarm clock , so he could get up on his own . PERSON turned off the alarm as soon as she left . The morning came and he did not wake up . His mother came in and poured cold water on him to wake him . He now keeps his alarm set hoping we wakes before his mother comes .	A homeless man was walking across the street . He approached my car as soon as he saw my family . My dad tried to argue at him however , the man did n't give up begging . My dad ended up closing his door window and drove off . We ended up being pulled over by a cop since we passed a red light .	I was riding the bus to visit family across the country . A man a few years older than me asked to sit next to me . The man did n't say anything and eventually fell asleep . Despite my best effort I fell asleep after a while . When I awoke the man was gone leaving only a nasty scratch on my hand .
chocolate chip cookies	I baked a batch of chocolate chip cookies . They were still gooey in the middle . I gave one to my son . He got chocolate all over his face . I wiped his mouth off with a napkin .	My Dad loves chocolate chip cookies . My Mom does n't like to make cookies because they take too long . I decided I would learn how to make them . I made my first batch the other day . My Dad was very surprised and quite happy !	Eve loved chocolate chip cookies . She baked them from scratch . She added her special ingredient of pure vanilla to make them better . Eve gave extras to her parents . Chocolate chip cookies are good for all occasions .
bank	PERSON wanted to open a savings account . He saved up thirty dollars and then went to open the account . They gave him a debit card and helped him sign up . Soon he had his very own account . PERSON could n't wait to start saving !	Will goes to rob a bank He has to pay for his family . He ends up getting caught . He gets sent to prison His family is more miserable than ever	PERSON realized that the bank was going to close in thirty minutes . PERSON quickly brushed his teeth and took a shower . He also ordered a cab very quickly . After running in , he noticed the bank was still open . PERSON was barely able to make his transactions .
cards	I wanted to have custom playing cards printed . My friend referred me to a company who would do it . I called them and set it up . When the cards came , they were beautiful . I will use this company again .	PERSON went to the casino . He went into a group and played blackjack . He lost the game and was upset . He played poker after . He left the game with $ 1000 .	PERSON wanted to learn how to do card tricks . He decided to buy a book he saw on TV . He spent weeks practicing the card tricks from the book . He went to show them to his friends . They were all really impressed .
consequence	PERSON went to the cafeteria . He waited in line for a pizza . After he got out , PERSON threw a piece of her food at him . A teacher found out and asked PERSON to talk to her . She ended up giving PERSON detention .	My physics teacher told us about the upcoming test . He said that the questions are similar to the homework . I just tried to memorize the homework instead of studying . I ended up failing the exam . As a result , this was a learning lesson and I changed my habits .	A food fight broke out in the cafeteria . Some people got up to throw their food . This includes my friend who threw a chicken breast . Next day , he got a call from the school . They suspended him for a week .
PERSON cleans up	When PERSON went to pick up his dry cleaning , he ran into a big problem . He noticed a large white stain on one of his expensive suit jackets . The owner of the cleaners said it must have been there beforehand . PERSON knew they were wrong so he took them to small claims court . The judge concluded it was a detergent stain and PERSON received damages .	PERSON had noticed that his neighborhood was becoming more dirty . He decided to start volunteering to clean up the streets once a week . Once his neighbors saw what he was doing many joined in . Soon PERSON had a small army of street cleaners . As the streets became cleaner , PERSON knew he had done a good job .	PERSON realizes he has n't had a shower in many weeks . He decides it is time to clean up . PERSON has a long shower . Finally PERSON is clean again . He decides never to go such a long time without showering .
the dark	PERSON was terrified of the dark . His mother was mean and liked to torture him for fun . At night , she locked him in his room and turned off the light . PERSON was so scared he wet his bed . In the morning , his mother had to clean up the mess .	PERSON was very afraid of the dark . Her father told her she must be brave and that he had a plan to help . Together , they went and caught lots of fireflies . They put the fireflies in a jar which illuminated her room . PERSON is n't afraid of the dark anymore .	When I was a child , I was afraid of the dark . I slept with the lights on , every night . One night , the power in our neighborhood short-circuited . The whole neighborhood went dark . That was the first night I slept in the dark .
consequences	PERSON got into a car accident with another driver . The police took down their personal information . He was irritated when he found out that PERSON has no insurance . Although PERSON was n't at fault , he had to pay for his damages . He ended up spending his life savings to pay the bills .	PERSON walked into the class after the bell rung . The teacher took the attendance and indicated that she was late . The next day , PERSON was called to the office . She received an hour of detention for being late yesterday . She ended up missing work because of the detention .	PERSON 's room was a mess . So , PERSON 's mom told her to clean her room . She told PERSON that if she did n't , she would n't be able to go out . PERSON watched TV instead of cleaning her room . So , she was not allowed to go out to the mall with her friends .
the bow	The kid got a cool present from his dad . It was a new archery bow . His dad took him to practice shooting it . The kid got the bullseye twice . The dad told him he was very proud of him .	PERSON liked to dress her baby up . She especially liked to put bows in her hair . She had a huge collection of bows in the baby 's room . When the baby grew into a toddler , she refused to wear the bows . PERSON bribed her with candy to keep the bows in her hair .	PERSON had a beautiful baby girl . She loved to dress her up . She put a pretty bow in her hair for the first time . PERSON loved having a little girl ! She took her out of the house to show her off .
PERSON goes on a date	PERSON was nervous for tonight . He had a big date planned . He arrived to the restaurant with a bouquet of flowers . He opened up to his date as the night progressed . After dinner , PERSON got a kiss from his date .	PERSON really liked PERSON , so one day he asked her out . PERSON agreed to go out with PERSON , so they went on a date . For their first date , PERSON and PERSON went to a movie theater . PERSON and PERSON both hated the movie , though . PERSON and PERSON laughed and agreed to go on another date later .	PERSON is in love with her coworker PERSON . She knows romantic relationships are not allowed at the company . She decides to quit her job in order to date PERSON . The next she asks PERSON to go have dinner with her . Their first date goes great .
fingers	PERSON opened the car door . She sat down in the seat . PERSON came out and started to close PERSON 's door . PERSON reached out to close the door at the same time . PERSON 's finger got smashed in the door .	My fingers were swelling from arthritis . I did n't know how I would work . I tried putting ice on them . I also took some aleve . It finally went down so I could type .	The boy counted his fingers . He always had ten . He counted other people 's fingers . One man only had nine . The man explained that he lost it in an accident .
PERSON gets a dog	PERSON had always wanted a pet . He decides to get a dog . PERSON takes her dog on a walk every day . His dog is the perfect pet . PERSON is happy he got a pet .	People at school find PERSON weird . Due to his weirdness he has no friends . PERSON is very sad because he has no friends . One day , PERSON goes home and finds his mom bought a dog . PERSON and the dog become best friends !	PERSON was a sad boy . He never had any real friends . One day sitting in the park all alone . A dog shows up and lays beside Benji . PERSON takes his new dog home .
early bird	PERSON was born 5 weeks premature . He was delivered via cesarean section during an emergency . He was choking on his umbilical cord . The doctor pulled him out and he started crying . He came home after 2 months in the ICU .	I woke up one morning at 5am . I began my usual routine of getting ready for work . I took a shower and put my make up . I then got dressed and was about to leave for work . Then I looked at the time and realized it was Saturday .	PERSON has never been a coffee drinker . He always just naturally was a morning person . He took a job that required him to be awake at two in the morning . He did this job for three Year 's total . PERSON is now a coffee drinker .
LOCATION	PERSON was going on a river cruise . She boarded the ship and they set off . They sailed up and down the LOCATION . PERSON took loads of photos . She had a wonderful time on her cruise .	PERSON wanted to go to LOCATION . But he was insecure because of his weight . PERSON made a plan to lose weight . He started to work out . PERSON lost weight and had a good time at LOCATION .	PERSON had just finished a safari in LOCATION . Now he was arriving in LOCATION . He walked around the capital city , impressed . The buildings were huge and imposing . LOCATION was a very developed city !
no trust	PERSON did n't trust her boyfriend . He was running late from work one day . She called him on his cell phone . Her boyfriend did n't answer right away . PERSON got upset at her boyfriend .	PERSON asked PERSON for the answers . He promised PERSON that he would n't share it . However , PERSON 's friends copied his work . The teacher realized that many people had the same homework answers . She failed everyone , including PERSON .	PERSON took a sip of the fruit punched . He was really happy since it tasted good . He asked his family about the person who made it . His mom said that PERSON made it . He immediately spit the water out .
the birthday cake	PERSON bought a birthday cake for her coworker . They presented it during a small office party . Immediately people noticed the name was misspelled on the cake . PERSON apologized and felt embarrassed . Her coworker told her it was no big deal .	PERSON was shopping for her son 's first birthday . She had everything she needed except for the perfect cake . She was perusing the shelves but nothing stood out . Luckily the baker offered to show her some special new cakes . PERSON found the perfect one for her son and thanked the baker .	It was PERSON 's birthday . On her way home from work , she decided to buy a cake . PERSON chose a delicious looking chocolate cake . She ate a slice of the cake for dessert . She saved the rest of the cake to bring to work the next day .
new television	PERSON loved watching tv . He could n't afford a bigger screen . For his birthday his friends decided to surprise him . They bought PERSON a new big screen tv . PERSON was so happy he cried .	PERSON had an old tv set . He wanted to get a new big screen . He looked up different options online . After reading reviews he made a choice . He loved it when it arrived .	PERSON went to a department store . He saw a tv on sale . He did n't want to buy it . His wife told him he could . He then bought it .
apples	The lady gave an apple to her horse . The horse ate the apple quickly . The lady gave a carrot to the horse . The horse refused to eat it . The horse was only given apples for snacks in the future .	PERSON went apple picking . She took her apples home and started eating them . But after three days of apples , she found something yucky . The apples were infested with tiny wriggling worms ! Disgusted , PERSON threw the rest of the apples away .	PERSON went to pick apples . She tried to pluck the low-hanging fruits . But she could reach very few . At the end of the trip , she had only ten apples . PERSON wished she had been able to reach more apples !
the neighbor	PERSON moved to a new neighborhood . The woman next door was the nosiest woman she 'd ever met . She asked a million questions about PERSON . PERSON felt nervous every time she saw her . She was beginning to regret moving here .	PERSON hates his neighbor . PERSON is new to the neighborhood and walks outside often . But his neighbor has a little dog that runs after PERSON . Recently his neighbor tried to act afraid of PERSON . PERSON shouted out , looks like you taught your dog to hate blacks ?	PERSON was afraid of his mean , old neighbor , PERSON PERSON . PERSON asked his mother why PERSON PERSON was so mean . His mother explained that PERSON PERSON was n't mean , just lonely . PERSON thought about it , and decided to be friendlier to Mrs June . It turned out she was n't so scary after all !
low battery	I was using my tablet . I used it for a long time . All the sudden I was losing battery . I had hardly any left . I was upset about it .	PERSON 's phone was on low battery . PERSON was on the bus . He needed a charger now . He ran to the bus driver for help . The bus driver let him charge his phone with a car charger .	PERSON was talking on his phone . He heard a beeping sound . He checked the phone . The battery was close to empty . PERSON quickly plugged in his phone .
steps	With time , our son was beginning to lose his fear of stairs . We increased the weights he carried at his therapy appointments . He started carrying up to ten pounds at a time . He was no longer using the railing . I laughed and told the therapist he was doing better than me now .	PERSON wanted to impress her husband with fancy footwork . She wanted to waltz with him at their wedding reception ! So she secretly took lessons preparing for the big day . After their ceremony she shocked him with her great dancing . In fact , the whole wedding party was amazed by her fancy footwork !	Ollie 's new puppy does n't know how to climb steps . He tries calling her from his room , but she just whines . PERSON says he needs to give the puppy a reason to try . He leaves a trail of bacon up the steps . The puppy is upstairs in no time , chewing the bacon .
the new toy	PERSON had bought a toy for his son 's birthday . His son wanted to play with the toy . PERSON realized the toy needed batteries . PERSON went to the store and bought the batteries . His son was excited to play with the new toy .	PERSON had been very well behaved this week . His mother decided he had deserved a prize . She took him to the local toy store and allowed him to get one thing . PERSON chose to get a dinosaur who roared loudly . They went home and PERSON played with his new toy all night .	It was PERSON 's birthday . She was very happy . She was getting a bunch of gifts . The one her parents got her was the best . It was the new toy she wanted .
the butterfly	April caught a caterpillar and kept it in a jar . She fed the caterpillar and kept it safe . After a few weeks the caterpillar spun a cocoon around itself . April waited and watched the cocoon to see what would happen . To her surprise , a beautiful butterfly emerged !	PERSON went to visit her grandma at the cemetery . She had just passed after having spent the past few Years ill . PERSON wished she could have spent more time with her grandmother . As the thought crossed her mind , a butterfly landed on her shoulder . She felt some sort of calm , almost as if it were a familiar soul .	There was a caterpillar in a habitat in PERSON 's class . The kids were learning about the transformation to a butterfly . It was in it 's cocoon for a long time . Finally it began to emerge . After a whole day the caterpillar emerged a butterfly .
soccer player	PERSON broke his knee . PERSON could not play the following soccer matches . PERSON went to therapy . PERSON finally healed his knee . PERSON came back in time to play with his team for the championship .	PERSON liked to watched soccer . He decided he wanted to play . He signed up for team tryouts . He practiced every day . PERSON made the team .	Fin loved soccer and wanted to play . Fin was not very good at soccer . Fin spent the entire summer practicing his soccer skills . Fin played soccer for 6 hours a day to get better . He tried out for his school 's team in the fall and made it .
flu season	PERSON had been in good health all year . Her oldest daughter got the flu from school . Next , the youngest also got the flu . PERSON quickly got her flu shot by the time the flu reached her husband . PERSON received the flu shot too late as she also got the flu .	PERSON was feeling great until she felt aches and pains . She decided to go to the doctor . The doctor told her she had the flu . As a result she had to be on bed rest for a week . Finally a week later she was all better .	PERSON was in the fifth grade . He had never missed a single day of school . While eating breakfast this morning he started feeling sick . He threw up in her cereal in front of everybody . PERSON was forced to go home immediately by the nurse .
thrift	PERSON was a home baker . But she did n't always have time to mix and knead dough by hand . She wanted a stand mixer . But it was too expensive . One day a thrift shop , however , she found one for $ 9 .	PERSON told PERSON she spent too much money . PERSON said she only spent what she needed to . PERSON made a challenge , giving her $ 100 and himself $ 25 for a week . PERSON accepted , thinking she would have more at the end for sure . She ran out of money after four days , and PERSON had money left over .	PERSON went to a thrift store . He wanted to search for a trench coat . He found a nice leather jacket for 10 dollars . A leather jacket was on his list of things to get . He bought it .
PERSON 's pies	PERSON makes great pies . She 's so good at baking pies that people would hire her for holiday 's . The pies were so good that people started to order them regularly . PERSON is selling pies 7 days a week . She 's booked to sell pies until the end of the year !	PERSON always loved to bake at home . She decided one day to bring one of her pies to work . All of her co workers fell in love with her pies . She ended up selling some of her pies on the side . She ended up selling 100 pies in a week and bakes pies for a living .	PERSON loved to bake pies during the holidays . Each year on Christmas Eve she would bring pies to all the neighbors . This year on Christmas PERSON PERSON was sick and could n't bake the pies . All the neighbors felt bad for her and wanted to do something nice . They got together and baked a special Christmas pie just for PERSON .
dentist visit	PERSON went to the dentist . He was scared and did not want to take PERSON of his teeth . Another boy saw that he was scared and came over to talk with PERSON . When PERSON heard the boy and saw he was n't scared , he took the Xrays PERSON was really proud of himself that he was able to overcome his fear	PERSON had a sore tooth . He went to the dentist . The dentist took an X-ray of the tooth . The dentist filled the cavity in the tooth . PERSON felt better after the dentist appointment .	It was time for PERSON 's dental appointment . She was terrified of him , and did n't like going . He talked soothingly throughout the appointment . She realized it was n't as bad as she thought . The cute bag with a red toothbrush she received was nice , too .
procrastination	PERSON had lots of chores to do . The biggest chore was to dust the house . He eventually got around to it , but lost motivation fast . The dust was making him sneeze every 10 seconds . He knew that he would n't of had this problem if he had dusted sooner .	PERSON constantly procrastinated when doing homework . He waited until the last minute to complete his music final . He only had two days to write an orchestral piece . He did not do his best and he turned in what he could . He vowed never to wait until the last moment to finish homework again .	PERSON had a bunch of work he had to do . He really did n't want to spend the time to do it though . PERSON let himself get distracted by every little thing . He spent days playing games and reading books . PERSON finally got the work done but it was of poor quality .
diary	PERSON loved to write her in diary . She pledged herself that she would write in her diary everyday . As PERSON pulled her diary out of her drawer , she noticed it was open . PERSON then realized that someone was reading her diary . She set a trap and found out her little sister was the culprit !	PERSON wrote in his diary every single day . One day he could not find his diary and looked everywhere . PERSON even went back to school to find his diary . PERSON could not sleep and he tried to remember where it was . The next day , he found it in the lost and found at school .	PERSON liked to keep a diary . One day , his friend found out . His friend told the other kids at school . The kids laughed at PERSON for having a diary . PERSON did n't care and continued to use his diary .
escapee	I read in the news that a criminal escaped from jail . It was in my city and I was scared . I was so scared that I did not want to go to school . My parents told me that I did not have to worry . They had apparently caught the criminal right after the escape .	The PERSON family had a black lab that liked to dig holes . The dog dug a hole under the fence escaping . The family searched and searched for the dog . Finally they found her at the county dog pound . After paying a fee , they were able to take her home .	PERSON broke out of prison during a riot . There was a nationwide search for him . There was even a large cash reward offered for news of him . But PERSON managed to avoid recapture . The authorities never spotted him again .
nowhere to hide	PERSON was playing hide and seek with her friends . She was very excited because she knew she would win . PERSON ran around for the perfect place . Finally she found a place behind the bushes . Unfortunately she was found immediately .	PERSON spilled a jar of flowers on the floor . Since she was already grounded , she forced her baby sister to lie . The sister told her mom that her dad broke the jar . However , their mom realized that the dad was at work . She eventually found out that PERSON broke the Jar and punished her .	The police got into the squad cars and drove to 3 LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . Once they were all in position the police chief got on the bullhorn . He told the resident , PERSON , that he was surrounded and to come out . PERSON peeked out of his window and saw the police . He tried to run out the back but was taken down .
carpet cleaning	The other day I was vacuuming . My carpet never looked any cleaner , though . I kept going over and over again . Yet nothing happened . Eventually I realized I needed a new vacuum .	Our carpets are being cleaned Thursday . We are trying to get as much stuff off the floor as possible . I am disabled and can not lift things . My wife texted my son for help . He is coming over on Wednesday .	PERSON was all set to clean the den carpet . On the way through the living room he tripped . He spilled cleaning fluid everywhere . The living room carpet was soaked . PERSON was proud that he cleaned the carpets that day .
rally	The man signed up for the rally . He dressed up to show support . A girl noticed him at the rally . She liked his spirit . They went on a date together .	PERSON was making a campaign sign . PERSON told her that it was too vulgar for the rally . Lolita made some letters into new letters on the sign . She showed it to PERSON . PERSON said it was n't evocative enough .	The man did not get elected . There were plenty of hot dogs . He held a rally for everyone . The man was running for sheriff . He was a police officer .
horse riding	PERSON and I went to the country . We took the horses out on the trails . We stayed out all afternoon exploring . It was the best weather . The horses enjoyed it and so did we .	PERSON 's aunt has five horses . PERSON wants to ride one . She calls her aunt to ask if she can come over . PERSON goes to her aunt 's farm . They go riding together all day .	PERSON enjoyed riding horses . She went out to a farm one day and started to ride . She rode all over the place . PERSON was quite good at riding horses . She had a wonderful time that day riding horses .
roommates	PERSON was excited to go to college in LOCATION . She was happy to have two really cool roommates . The three of them became very close friends . They would help each other study , eat together , and hang out too . PERSON missed them terribly on her first trip home for winter break .	PERSON gets kicked out of his house . So he moves in with his two female friends . But their landlord does n't want a guy living with two girls . So they tell him PERSON is gay . The landlord lets PERSON stay .	PERSON was roommates with PERSON . PERSON decided to move out . PERSON was sad to lose her roommate . She put an advertisement in the paper for a new roommate . Now PERSON lives with PERSON .
father and son	PERSON 's dad was disappointed when his son tried out for choir . He wanted his son to play football , instead . PERSON did n't tell his dad he was given a solo for the choir concert . Afterward , everyone was talking about PERSON 's great performance . PERSON 's dad overheard the raves and felt ashamed of himself .	PERSON 's son , PERSON , loves to paint his nails . PERSON wants PERSON to feel comfortable being himself . So PERSON took his son to the nail salon . He let PERSON pick a color for him . They got their nails done together .	PERSON asked his dad to help him make a kite from a kit . He told his father he was unable to make it alone . His dad agreed to help on the weekend . They spent 2 hours on Saturday making the kite . PERSON was very pleased with the way the kite turned out .
the swamp	The family was on vacation in LOCATION . They drove to see the swamp . It was dark and creepy and gloomy . They had never seen anything like it ! They took lots of pictures of the swamp .	PERSON was terrified . He had gotten lost on a hike and now he was wandering around in a swamp . He heard creepy noises all around him . It was getting dark and starting to rain . PERSON hid under a big tree and cried .	PERSON went through the swamp in search of a legendary monster . He moved his boat towards the center of the swamp to find the monster . Two great eyes appeared in the water in front of him . A 3,000 lb alligator rose from the water and flashed his teeth . PERSON began to paddle hard in the opposite direction .
bankrupt	PERSON went to a bar . When he tried to get a drink , a buff man approached him . He asked if he can get a drink . When PERSON refused , he got punched in the face . The man took his credit card and withdrew all of his money .	PERSON was diagnosed with a small flu . The doctor recommended that he took some time to rest . A week later , the deadline for him to register for classes passed . PERSON tried to explain his situation to a guidance counselor . She told him that he ca n't register for the upcoming term .	PERSON won some money from poker . She felt risky and decided to have another match . She placed all of her money into this game . Her opponent made the first move . He ended up winning and he took all of her money .
broken zipper	PERSON got a new sleeping bag . She was very excited about using it . One day she took it out of the case . All of the sudden the zipper broke . So she had to buy another one .	PERSON was getting ready for school . As she got on the bus she realized something . Her zipper was open . She was embarrassed . She could not get it to shut .	PERSON was excited to be wearing her favorite pants to work today . PERSON ironed the pants , and placed them on the bed . PERSON put on her shirt , and then her pants . However , after putting on the pants , PERSON saw the broken zipper . PERSON was disappointed that she could not wear her favorite pants .
the app	I was looking through apps for my daughter the other day . I can not believe how inappropriate some of them are . The language is very bad on some . Some even have some adult themes . It surprises me they make these type of apps for kids .	PERSON developed an app that kept track of your finances . PERSON was expecting to make a lot of money from the app . After a couple weeks though , he got numerous complaints . Hackers were using the app to get into people 's bank accounts . PERSON discontinued the app , having lost money in the process .	PERSON worked hard to develop a new app . He perfected it and launched it in the app store . Soon , people started installing it . It became very popular ! People were impressed with the easy to use interface .
cabbage	My friend dared me to eat a whole cabbage . I accepted the task . After thirty minutes , I managed to eat an entire cabbage . Alas , it gave me a very upset stomach . I learned that I should not eat an entire cabbage .	PERSON hated cabbage a lot . He had never eaten it as a kid . One day , he decided to taste cabbage again . He bought a couple heads at the store . Then , PERSON started eating cabbage every day .	PERSON was a very picky eater . He loved cabbage but he ate no other veggies at all . Then his mom got him to try LOCATION sprouts . She told PERSON they were baby cabbages , which they resembled . PERSON happily tried them - and he absolutely loved them !
brothers	PERSON was a small town cop and his brother the town bully . PERSON was always getting him out of trouble . One night , PERSON got a call that a man had been badly hurt at a bar . All the customers said it was PERSON 's brother that had hurt the man . PERSON had no choice but to finally lock his brother up .	PERSON missed his brother PERSON . He called and invited PERSON over for dinner . That weekend PERSON came to eat dinner . The two brothers chatted and caught up . PERSON was so glad to have seen his brother !	PERSON was playing baseball in the house . He knocked over a china teapot . The teapot fell to the floor and broke . PERSON blamed it on his two year old brother . He was relieved that he would n't get in trouble .
the new car	PERSON was so excited . He 'd just bought his first new car . He drove it all over town to show off . The car was so fast and sleek ! PERSON was very happy with his purchase .	PERSON proudly drove her new car to work . She was pleased when a cute guy at work admired the car . The cute guy asked to borrow the car on the weekend to run an errand . PERSON relented , thinking it would lead to a date . That weekend , PERSON saw him with a hot blonde in her new car .	PERSON passed his driving test . He decided to buy his first car . He went to the car dealership . He test drove a blue Honda . He bought the blue Honda .
precious	I wrote a song for my son after he was diagnosed . I called it Precious to Me . I began singing it to him every night . Last night , he stopped me . He put his hands on my face , and said thank you mommy .	The little girl across the street came over to visit . She was carrying a tiny puppy . It looked like a chihuahua . I asked her what its ' name was . She smiled and said her name was Precious .	That day I almost lost my child . I knew in that moment how precious life is . I decided to cherish him forever . I spent every day with him , and we became close . He told me I was his best friend .
new chair	My mother bought a new chair the other day . She asked me to come over and help her move it inside . The chair was really big and hard to move . It took all afternoon , but we finally got it inside . She was so happy to finally sit in her new chair !	The man sanded the paint off of her chair . He stained the newly sanded chair . He put a bow on the chair . He gave the chair as a gift . The recipient thought it was a new chair .	I bought a new office chair the other day . I have needed a new one for the longest time . I finally saved up enough money to get one . I was very excited to finally sit in my new chair . The new chair is so comfortable .
new pizza place	PERSON was staying at a friend 's house . His friend 's parents ordered pizza for the boys . PERSON had never had pizza from this place . He loved the pizza . PERSON got his parents to order from the place when they had pizza .	A new pizza place opened up . I decided to try it . It was great . I got to customize my pizza . I decided to go back the next day .	PERSON wanted to try the new pizza place down the street . As she went inside , she was impressed . They had everything under the sun . PERSON ordered every topping . She could n't wait to go back .
sewing machine	PERSON asked for a sewing machine for her birthday . When the day came , she opened all her presents . They were nice , but there was no sewing machine . Then , her mother came out with one last present . PERSON got the sewing machine she had been hoping for !	I bought a sewing machine because I wanted to learn how to sew . My first project was to make a simple bag . It turned out really well . I 've made many projects over the years . The best project was a party dress that I made out of satin last year .	PERSON was in the basement at her grandparents . She was helping him clean up . She saw a tarp covering a table . She pulled the tarp back and revealed a sewing machine . PERSON decided she wanted to learn to sew .
falling down	PERSON was drunk at a party . He tried looking for the bathroom upstairs . On the last step he tripped . PERSON rolled all the way down the stairs . He was seriously injured and had to be taken to a hospital .	PERSON was walking down the street when he felt down . He stood up and saw that his knee was bleeding . He found a handkerchief in his pants and applied it to the wound . He hopped to the nearest pharmacy stifling his pain . He then bought some peroxide and bandages to treat his knee .	PERSON moved into a house with stairs . He was older and had trouble moving around . He fell down once . He was unable to get up from the bottom of the stairs . They found his body not long after .
toy	PERSON was sobbing miserably . His toy dump truck had just broken ! But then his dad chuckled and told him to cheer up . His dad glued the truck back together easily . When the glue dried , it was as good as new !	My sister in law is married to PERSON , a man 22 years older than she . Her three sisters and their kids were at a cookout one day . The kids were playing with an old toy on the lawn . PERSON yelled at the kids and took the toy away . The sisters were not amused .	The boy had a toy . He never played with it . His dad suggested he sell it . The boy tried to sell it to his dad . The dad bought it for one dollar .
winning the lottery	April bought a Powerball lottery ticket at the gas station . She was excited about the prospect of winning millions of dollars . She thought about what she would do with the money if she won . On the day of the drawing she watched it live on TV . April was sad to find out she did n't win the lottery .	PERSON bought a lottery ticket . He thought he won the big prize . His roommate told him it was just a prank . PERSON 's ticket was fake . PERSON was heart broken .	PERSON bought a lottery ticket . He wound up winning a few thousand dollars . It was enough to inspire him to buy more tickets . He continued to buy tickets for the rest of his life . He never won again .
medal	Eve had only won one medal in her life . It was in a glass case on the mantelpiece . She looked at it every day remembering her achievement . So when her house burned down , she was devastated . She could have lost anything , but not her medal .	PERSON played his flute in the talent show . He wanted first prize since that was a big trophy . But then they announced that he 'd won second place . PERSON saw that second prize was a shiny medal . He decided he was okay with second place after all !	My 98 year old friend PERSON was in WW2 . One day he told me the French government just sent him a medal . He told the apartment building manager . The manager wrote an article about PERSON for the building newspaper . I congratulated PERSON and took a selfie with him holding the medal .
spilled polish	PERSON started to paint her nails . They looked great . All the sudden though , she spoiled polish . PERSON had to clean it all up . Unfortunately it never came out .	PERSON was painting her nails on her couch . She used a bright pink color . Yet when PERSON was painting them , she spilled . The color went on the couch . PERSON was mad that she spilled .	Yesterday I painted my nails . I picked a pretty red color . I was rather pleased with the result . Yet I needed up spilling it . The floor had red stains .
marathon	PERSON wanted to run a marathon . She did n't train very hard . She entered the race anyway . She was n't able to finish . She decided that she would train harder next time .	I decided to take up running in an effort to lose weight . Every morning , I ran 5 km along the road near my house . After a year , I managed to run 10 km three times a week . After another year , I took part in a marathon . I was overjoyed that I managed to finish the marathon .	PERSON decided to train for a marathon in two months . He bought new sneakers and clothing to train in . Every day he went out running . PERSON got stronger and faster each day . PERSON felt really proud of himself after finishing the marathon .
white christmas	PERSON has asked LOCATION for a sled for Christmas . So he was really hoping it would be a white Christmas . The weatherman was calling for snow when he went to bed . The next morning he woke up to snow on the ground . He had gotten his sled , too .	AJ has never had a white Christmas . This year was a surprise . It had been snowing overnight unexpectedly . He was more excited than a child . He immediately began building a snowman .	PERSON hoped it would snow for Christmas , but it was so warm ! Already it was mid-December and still fifty degrees . The days grew shorter but no colder . On Christmas Eve he went to bed unhappily , expecting a warm Christmas . But when he woke in the morning , the ground was covered in snow !
refund	PERSON and PERSON bought tickets for a weekend in LOCATION . Unfortunately , PERSON 's great-aunt passed away the weekend before . The girls tried to get a refund for their tickets . They had to send in a death certificate and a lot of paperwork . It was complicated , but eventually they did get their refund !	The waiter took our order at the restaurant . She walked into the kitchen to meet several chefs . While they tried to cook the dish , the kitchen caught on fire . Our orders ended up burnt . However , a replacement dish was prepared for us , free of charge .	I used to think marriage was the best thing since ice cream . I learned different when my friend PERSON married PERSON . I have watched them argue , fuss and fight . Pre marriage counseling has failed them obviously . That 's why I think PERSON and PERSON deserve a refund .
breath	The man ran very fast . He stopped to catch his breath . He was more tired than he thought . He sat down for a break . He did n't feel like running after that .	PERSON was on his swim team , but had trouble breathing . He could not hold his breath long enough . His teacher urged him to practice . PERSON was dubious but followed her advice . Soon , to his surprise , his breath-holding time had doubled !	The man breathed in . He exhaled slowly . His wife commented on his breath . The man incorporated her advice . The man breathed better .
near miss	PERSON was in his wood shop . He was cutting up some wood . A sharp piece shout out at his eye . PERSON was luckily wearing protective goggles . They saved PERSON from getting injured .	I was bitten by a spider one night in my apartment . I found and killed the spider . It looked a lot like a brown recluse , which can be deadly . Alarmed , I looked it up on the internet . I was so relieved to learn brown recluses do n't live in this area !	PERSON is driving . He sees a cat in the road . He acts quickly to avoid the cat . PERSON barely avoids the cat . He is relieved that it was n't harmed .
iced coffee	PERSON was really thirsty during a basketball game . So he went to get water from a vending machine . But he saw a can of iced coffee and bought it . And he became hooked to the drink . Instead of returning to basketball , PERSON drank more iced coffee .	I took a bottle of iced coffee out on a hot day . I packed it in my messenger bag with a book . I went and read outdoors . I drank half the bottle and closed the cap , but not tightly . The coffee spilled all over my book and bag .	PERSON woke up at six in the morning . He got ready for work . He spent less time than he anticipated . He decided to stop for a treat on his way to work . He bought himself an iced coffee .
test jitters	PERSON was terrified for her exam today . She stayed up all night long studying . She wanted to make sure she would get a great grade on it . When she got to the room she took the test . To her surprise it was not that bad .	PERSON was getting really nervous for her big test . Her test was spread out over two days and was major . Although PERSON had studied for many hours , she was still scared . PERSON wonder whether she would do okay . Finally PERSON did well when she ended up taking it .	Yesterday I had a science quiz . I had stayed up all night studying but was nervous . The quiz made up a large part of my grade . I was scared I would get a bad grade . Thankfully when I took it I did fine .
poker	PERSON was playing in his first poker tournament tomorrow . PERSON was ready , he played all year long . He did n't think he was as good as everyone else there . Halfway through the tournament , he was in first place ! Now PERSON got cocky , and ended up losing all his money .	PERSON 's friend introduced PERSON to poker . PERSON realized he was very good at playing poker . PERSON decided to go to LOCATION LOCATION to test his skill . PERSON won millions of dollars at LOCATION LOCATION . Eventually , PERSON became the best poker player in the LOCATION LOCATION .	PERSON went to a poker game . He wagered money on each hand . He won a few hands . But then he started to play badly . After the game he 'd lost a hundred dollars !
ring bearer	PERSON was not looking forward to his role in his cousin 's wedding . He had to carry a pillow with a ring on it . He figured he 'd probably drop in . The day of the wedding he dressed up in his tuxedo . He managed to get the ring down the aisle without losing it !	PERSON was the ring bearer for his cousin 's wedding . He stepped into the big church . He sat quietly in the front row next to the groomsmen . The priest called for the rings , and PERSON handed the rings over . The bride and groom smiled and thanked PERSON for a job well done .	PERSON was not looking forward to being a ring bearer . He had to wear a tie . But when he took hold of the ring on the wedding day he felt better . He knew he was an important part of the ceremony . And he did an excellent job .
braces	I had crooked teeth when I was 12 . My dentist suggested I get braces . The orthodontist put the new braces on . The wait to see the final product was long . I was delighted with my new smile in the end though .	PERSON was told she needed braces . She was horrified ! She just knew her friends would mock her . But to her surprise , no one did . Everyone was very supportive !	Michael could n't afford braces as a child . As an adult he decided to get some . It was awkward and strange . But the difference was worth it . Now he enjoys smiling more often .
broken car	PERSON was driving to the pond to go fishing . All of a sudden , he felt his car slow down and then stop . He called a mechanic who came out and towed the car . When they got to the mechanic 's shop , he fixed up the car . It was too late to go fishing , so PERSON had to return home .	PERSON was driving her new Mercedes when something unexpected happened . Her car broke down . She could n't believe it . She called AAA immediately . Thankfully someone came and rescued her .	My car ended up stalling on the freeway one day . I had it towed to a local auto shop for repairs . Unfortunately the engine misfired and needed to be repaired . The repairs cost me about $ 500 . I am happy that my car is now fixed .
beggar	PERSON needed money . So he begged on the street . After a few hours , he earned ten dollars . But he spent it on alcohol . And PERSON continued to beg every day .	When i 'm at the cafeteria i saw a beggar outside . I went near to her and ask where does she lives . She told me she lives in the park with her daughter . She 's begging for money because her daughter is sick . I decided to buy some food and medicine and give it to her daughter .	PERSON was walking to his car one night . But someone approached him and asked for money . PERSON refused to give the person money and entered his car . But the person pounded on his window and cracked it . PERSON sped off before the situation became worse .
doll	My sister in law gave me a toy to sell on ebay . It was a wind up clown doll . It looked like it was made in the 1940s . The doll played drums when wound up . It sold for $ 52 , making my sister in law happy .	My wife was looking at a vintage doll on eBay . It started at $ 10 . She put in a proxy bid of $ 25 . She was quickly outbid , and was not going to go higher . She bid $ 50 on impulse and was the high bidder .	PERSON knew her daughter 's birthday was coming up . She wanted to choose the perfect gift for the little girl . She went to the toy store and bought a new doll for her . PERSON 's daughter was very happy , however the doll broke . PERSON had to go the next day and buy another gift .
vinyl	PERSON was listening to records . He started scratching the vinyl . Someone told him not to do that because it was bad for it . He heard a really cool scratching noise though . PERSON said he had invented a new form of music .	Em needed new floors in her kitchen . She could n't afford anything fancy . Then she found vinyl tiles . They were cheap and durable . Em was able to redo her whole kitchen on a tight budget !	PERSON was a hipster girl from LOCATION . She told everyone she could n't listen to anything but vinyl . PERSON had a real problem finding any brick and mortar stores . No one seemed to sell actual records any more . PERSON had to go to a big city to find a record store to buy from .
PERSON eats chocolate	PERSON always loved taking his kids trick or treating for Halloween . This year they visited many homes on Halloween . When his kids were asleep , PERSON checked how much candy they had . He decided to eat all of their Halloween candy . PERSON 's sons never went trick or treating with him again .	PERSON has eaten a big dinner but he is still hungry . He wants a little more food before he goes to sleep . He looks in his cupboard and sees a delicious bar of chocolate . He takes a bite and immediately feels better . Now PERSON feels satisfied and ready to sleep .	PERSON was walking home from work when he passed a chocolate store . There was a sale on , he realized . With the money in his pocket he could buy three pounds of chocolate . He went into the store and paid for three pounds at the counter . By the time he left the store , he 'd already eaten two .
being stood up	PERSON went on a date with PERSON . Or so she thought . When she got there though he did not . She was waiting forever . He never showed up .	PERSON went to the mall yesterday . She was supposed to meet PERSON . She waited for her near the entrance . A half hour passed and no PERSON . PERSON then realized she was stood up .	PERSON had plans to go to the dance with her friends . She got ready and waited for them to arrive . To her dismay she realized they were not coming . PERSON was stood up . PERSON then decided to not even go to the dance after all .
new name	PERSON did not like her name at all . Every time she heard someone say it she would nearly wince . She decided to have her name legally changed . She filled out all the forms and got her name changed . She was so happy to finally be named Berry-Smoke Winchester IV .	The tallest tower in the city was being given a new name . The mayor asked his friends what they should call it . One friend said they should call it LOCATION LOCATION . The mayor told the advising committee of the great name . They all agreed and the tower was dubbed LOCATION LOCATION .	PERSON wanted a new name . He wanted a name everyone loved . He would call himself PERSON from then on . Everyone laughed when he called himself PERSON . He then decided to stick with PERSON .
the wedding day	PERSON and PERSON got married last January . They had a great ceremony with just a few family members . After they left the wedding they went to eat at a nice restaurant . They explained to the waitress that they just got married . The restaurant decided not to charge them at all for their meal .	PERSON was getting married . She was so very excited . It was a big day . But all the sudden it started to rain . PERSON had to move it indoors .	PERSON and PERSON were about to get married . They spent the night apart and got ready the next day . They were both nervous . PERSON lit up when PERSON walked down the aisle and they said I do . PERSON and PERSON had a happy life after that .
pepper	I did n't know what black pepper was . I decided to look it up . I was shocked to find out it was fruit . It felt strange to think about . I almost could n't eat it anymore .	PERSON 's favorite spice was black pepper . She put it on everything . Her meals often made her sneeze . She made a meal for a date . He thought it was over spiced , but politely thanked her .	I bought Pepper from a breeder . He was obviously the runt of the litter . He was black and brown all over when I took him outside that first day . I gave him some taco meat to eat . He got confused and tried to bury it .
dark	PERSON was afraid of the dark . He told his mom about his fear . The next day , she brought him a small night light . She told PERSON he could use the light every night . The night light helped PERSON overcome his childish fear .	PERSON was about to leave work when a crisis happened . All the computers went dark . He looked for the fuses but the problem was n't local . He realized that the whole city was dark too . It 's only later that day that PERSON learned of the massive EMP attack .	PERSON was afraid of the dark . Her parents left the hall light on her at night . Then when she turned six they got her a night light . It was much dimmer , but PERSON accepted it . She knew she was growing up and overcoming her fear !
joy	We got on the plane feeling happy . We sat in our seats beside each other . We were both very nervous about flying . We were scared during the turbulence . Neither of us admitted to our fears until we landed safely .	Joy could not decide on a Christmas gift for her boyfriend . She had very little money . Then she thought of a low-cost gift he would enjoy . She baked him a tray of homemade Christmas cookies . Her boyfriend loved the gift !	The man felt joy . He searched for the source of the joy . The joy went away . The man waited for the joy to return . He just enjoyed it the next time .
after school	When I was younger I had to wait after school for my parents . They both worked very important jobs so there was no choice . My school had an after school program that I was in . The program was really fun and I enjoyed it ! One day when my dad got fired I did n't need to wait anymore .	LOCATION just graduated high school and did n't know what to do . He had no interest in college . He felt like he needed some purpose in his life . He joined the army . The army gave him the direction and purpose he was looking for .	I met a girl in math class . We wanted to hang out together after school today . She had no idea as to what we should do . I told her we should meet in my favorite place . We met at LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION .
pajamas	PERSON was expecting a ring for Christmas from PERSON . She had been waiting 2 years for him to propose . The gift box was too big but she thought maybe a ring box was inside . PERSON opened the box to find pajamas . PERSON was disappointed , but pretended to like the pajamas .	I was late for school . I did n't have time to get ready . I decided to go in my pajamas . The principal noticed . He gave me detention for violating the dress code .	Her favorite pajamas had a drop seat and feet . It did n't matter that she was an adult . She went shopping for more . She came home with several pairs of pajamas . She decided to wear them even on the weekends .
no electricity	The weather was bad at PERSON 's house . The electricity had gone out . It was really hot without the air conditioner . PERSON 's mother had electricity . PERSON slept at her mother 's for a night .	It rained hard and now PERSON 's apartment has no electricity . John an avid tv watcher was bored . His friend 's were at work so he could n't go out with them . PERSON remembered his mom gave him a book . PERSON read the book all day and was no longer bored .	PERSON woke on Tuesday morning to a terrible ice storm . He noticed it was a bit cold in the house . He realized the power was out . Fortunately they had power on the other side of the street . He and his dog went over to the neighbors until the power was back on .
walking home	The mail service near me is three blocks away . I had to run down there for a package . On the way home , I noticed college kids drinking beer . I asked if they were of age , and they became angry . An angry , drunken mob of kids chased me to my door .	I walked home from school three times . It was a six mile walk . I had activities after school and could not ride the bus . My mom forgot about me and did n't check on me . She probably was n't even home .	PERSON 's school was a block away , so her Mom let her walk home . One day , someone told her Mom a flasher was targeting kids . He drove up in his car and flashed them . PERSON did n't know what a flasher was . All she knew was after that , she was n't allowed to walk home alone .
stamp	PERSON wrote her grandma a letter . She went to the post office to mail it . But they told her she needed a stamp ! A kind stranger gave little PERSON the stamp . PERSON happily posted her letter .	PERSON loved stamps . He loved to collect as many as possible . One day , he went to a stamp store . He saw many expensive stamps there . PERSON was able to purchase many stamps to add to his collection .	The stamp collector looked at his collection . One of his rare stamps was missing . The collector reported the stamp stolen . He filed a claim with his insurance . He collected eight thousand dollars for the stamp .
dog walker	PERSON walks dogs for several clients throughout the day . One day , PERSON had a terrible experience while walking a client 's dog . The dog broke free from the leash PERSON was holding . He saw the dog run into the road after a bird while a car was coming . PERSON told the client about the accident while offering a refund .	PERSON decided to make money walking dogs after school . He had three families signed up at $ 5 a day . When neighbors noticed him out walking the dogs he got more business . Before long he was up to ten dogs a day . He finally had to start turning business away .	PERSON was a professional dog walker , and he worked often . His least favorite dog to walk , was a nasty dog named PERSON . The dog often chased PERSON around the house , trying to bite him . Eventually PERSON realized he was still doing his job , just differently . The dog was getting exercised by running after PERSON every visit !
too hard	PERSON had a girlfriend . He was trying to get her attention at night . PERSON decided to throw pebbles at her window . One rock was too hard and he threw it too fast . It wound up shattering the window .	The door closed too hard . A lamp fell down . It broke into small shards . A man stepped on the lamp . The lamp punctured his flesh .	PERSON had a crush on a girl . He saw a lot of movies and tv shows . He tried going up to her and spitting game . The girl was amused but told him he was trying to hard . PERSON decided to be himself next time .
wrong way	PERSON was in a new town . He was trying to find his hotel room . He thought he was going the right direction . Unfortunately it was the wrong way . PERSON took a long time getting there .	PERSON got in the car with PERSON and headed down the street . They both had been drinking heavily . PERSON noticed they were going the wrong way down a one way street . PERSON hit a u-turn without looking were she was and hit a pole . PERSON smacked his head into the windshield and broke the rear view .	PERSON drove a taxi cab . He was called to pick up a passenger at the theatre . When he got there , no one was waiting . PERSON called the dispatcher . He was at the wrong theatre !
internet	PERSON was surfing the web at home . He experienced slow internet speeds and was frustrated . He drove in his car to a coffee shop . The coffee shop had faster speeds . PERSON was happy about the fast speeds .	Gene liked the internet . She payed a lot of money for it . One day it went out . She was not able to work . She called the company and got a discount .	Our internet service was out last weekend . It did not get fixed until Monday . It went down on July 4th as well . Many people complained about the poor service . In response , the management decided to upgrade service to FIOS .
my friend PERSON	I met this little boy in the third grade . His name was billy . PERSON and i fought the first day of school . Two weeks later we became first friends . From the third grade to adult we are still best friends .	I had a friend named PERSON . He liked to eat ice cream . He would eat it so fast that he would get a headache . PERSON did n't like headaches . PERSON started eating slower .	My friend 's name is PERSON . She is very pretty . She liked to hang out with a lot of people . She started hanging out with my boyfriend . Same and I are no longer friends .
old friends	PERSON 's mother brought her the phone . An ex-friend PERSON was calling her . PERSON decided to cut to the chase . She asked PERSON what was being said behind her back . When PERSON froze and could n't answer PERSON said goodbye and hung up .	PERSON was in the hospital for three months . She was very lonely until her nurse came in to see her everyday . They would talk for hours as the nurse would administer medicine . Soon , PERSON was released from the hospital . They stayed friends for 20 years after she left .	PERSON grew up with a friend named PERSON . PERSON loved her friend and they were close . She started to realize they were n't good friends . They started to grow apart . PERSON was okay with that .
my new car	I ended up leasing a Hyundai Accent a few years ago . It is light blue , and has great gas mileage . I mainly use it for work , and sometimes out of town trips . It has turned out to be a reliable car . If I end up having to buy another car , I will buy a Hyundai .	My car was very old . It kept breaking down on me . I went to the dealer to look at new ones . It was a hard decision . I chose a white Toyota .	I had been looking all day for the perfect new car . However none of them seemed right . Maybe it just was n't my day . Then I looked across the street and saw a beautiful BMW . My eyes lit up , because it was perfect .
skateboarding accident	PERSON enjoyed watching her friends skate . She wanted to learn how to do a trick on a skateboard . She asked her friend to teach her a simple trick . On PERSON 's first attempt at the trick , she slipped off the board . She suffered a broken leg and never got back on a skateboard .	PERSON was skateboarding with her friends . She wanted to try out a new trick . She skated off a ramp and did a kickflip . She landed awkwardly on her ankle . Her friend gave her ice to numb the pain .	PERSON was trying a new trick at the skate park . He could n't quite land it . At one point PERSON fell on his butt . He was n't hurt and everyone laughed . PERSON laughed as well and got back up to try again .
PERSON falls asleep	PERSON was having trouble sleeping at night . She had work early in the morning tomorrow . She poured herself a big glass of warm milk . She drank it while reading a book . She finally was able to fall asleep after feeling relaxed .	PERSON was one of the most motivated students in his school . He always paid attention , and he usually sat in the front row . Today however , he was having trouble staying awake . He had been up all night studying for an exam . He finally gave up and put his head down , and sleep came .	PERSON is with his friend PERSON looking for clubs . PERSON is tired from trying to find clubs . PERSON keeps trying to find the hottest club in town . They eventually give up and waste their whole night on nothing . On the way home with no sleep PERSON falls asleep while driving .
the novel	PERSON was trying to write a novel . After work he would write for hours . His friends missed him coming out with them . A year later , they saw his book in a bookstore . They knew his hard work had paid off .	PERSON wanted more than anything to write a novel . The problem was that she found it hard to find the time . She tried getting up earlier , but her mind was too foggy to write . She tried staying up later , but she fell asleep on the keyboard . Then she started writing at lunchtime , which worked like a charm .	PERSON was an author . She just finished her newest novel . It was released to lots of critical acclaim . PERSON set out on a book tour . Everyone wanted to speak to her !
eagle	PERSON loved eagles a lot . In fact , she read books on them frequently . One day , she decided she would see one in real life . She traveled very far to see an eagle . Finally after reaching her destination , PERSON was able to see an eagle .	PERSON was visiting LOCATION . She went on a trip to see the forests and lakes . Then she saw a majestic bald eagle soaring . She had seen the American symbol of freedom ! PERSON was proud and happy to have seen the eagle during her trip .	PERSON and his family went to LOCATION . There PERSON saw whis first bald eagle . He had never seen a bird that large or beautiful ! It was impressive , and PERSON was amazed . He even managed to snap a photo !
PERSON messes up	PERSON was in charge of watching the campfire . He decided to go get a drink from the cooler . While he was gone the wind picked up . The campfire spread to the surrounding grassland . PERSON felt bad about leaving the campfire .	PERSON was doing some work for a man . He was painting a fence . The man told him he wanted the color blue . PERSON decided to paint it red . The man was very mad and fired PERSON .	PERSON is out campaigning for his brother . PERSON decides it would be a good idea to go on tv . PERSON goes on tv to talk about his brother . PERSON is stoned on the tv and makes a fool of himself . He humiliates himself and hurts his brothers campaign .
LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION	PERSON had lived in the same small town all his life . When he won a vacation to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION , he was hesitant . He had read about the crime and worried it was dangerous . Sensing his unease , PERSON 's dad gave him a copy of Taxi Driver . After watching the movie , PERSON canceled his trip .	One day PERSON went to the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . He was a little afraid of heights . However he got over his fear and went to the top floor . He loved the view . He was no longer afraid of heights after that .	PERSON decided to go on a vacation . She did n't know where to go , so she looked to LOCATION for ideas . After an hour of browsing , PERSON made her decision . She had determined to go to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . That afternoon , she booked her flight .
garageband	PERSON thought girls liked guys in rock bands . Singers or musicians , it did n't matter-they were irresistible ! So he and his friends formed a garage rock band and played some songs . Soon , though , they all realized something-they were awful ! PERSON and his friends decided to disband their terrible band !	PERSON was in a garage band . He did n't care about making it big . He loved playing for the music itself . Surprisingly the band got popular . PERSON kept playing for the love more than the money .	PERSON loves to sing and play the guitar . She taught herself how to do both very well . She was asked to join a garage band with some kids from school . She memorized all the songs they had written . She now is the lead guitarist and lead vocals for this band .
hair disaster	PERSON 's mom wanted to do her hair for picture day . PERSON did n't want her to choose an old fashioned style . But there was no reasoning with her mother . She fashioned her hair into a pompadour . She felt she looked like an old woman .	PERSON had her hair recently done by a famous hairdresser . The perm did n't fit her well and the die made her look sick . She hid in her home a whole weekend before finding a solution . She went to a store and bought a different die . She cut her hair short and finally could go out again .	PERSON was putting blond highlights in her hair for prom . She had never done it before but it seemed pretty easy . She fell asleep while she was waiting for it to work . When she finally rinsed the bleach out of her hair it was a disaster . She had white streaks all through her hair , not blonde .
meditation	PERSON was very upset . She could n't clear her mind . So she went on youtube . She put on mediation music . She then started to feel better .	One time I was drinking at my friend 's house . He mentioned he could do guided meditation and I got excited . We set up everything and I closed my eyes while he spoke . I came back feeling very mellow and relaxed . I felt light and at ease for several days afterward .	PERSON was constantly stressed out . So she thought about learning how to meditate properly . Her Buddhist friend tried to instruct her . But PERSON was not patient enough . PERSON 's meditation practice ended up making her more stressed out .
makeup	PERSON wanted to make a big first impression at his new school . He went out to buy new makeup . The morning of school he used his best makeup routine . Everyone at school loved his makeup . PERSON made a lot of friends at his new school .	PERSON was bored so she decided to put on makeup . She had eye shadow , blush , and mascara . She applied them and showed her grandmother . When her grandma saw her face she was angry . Her Grandma made PERSON wash the makeup off her face .	The other day I went to buy makeup . I went to the Sephora makeup store . I was looking for a certain contour palette . I ended up finding my perfect palette and eyeliner . I bought the stuff .
preschool	I am starting my son in preschool in September . I am a little nervous for him to go . He has been with me since he was born . I am only starting with half a day . I hope he adjusts well .	PERSON was very nervous when she left her 3 year old at preschool . He had never been away from her for so long before . She thought he 'd be shy and afraid . She worried about it all day . When she picked him he was laughing and full of stories !	PERSON dropped her three year old off for his first day of preschool . She was nervous he would be shy and afraid . She worried about it all day . When she went back to get him he was all smiles . He loved his teacher and all his new friends .
PERSON wins the game	PERSON is playing in a basketball game . The ball is passed to him . He shoots the ball . It goes in . PERSON won the game with his shot .	PERSON is playing in a basketball game . There are only a few ticks on the clock left . The ball is passed to PERSON . He puts up the shot and it goes in ! The crowd screams and PERSON is a local hero !	PERSON is playing soccer . His team is down by 2 goals . He goes in the zone . He scores 3 goals to win the game . PERSON is carried off the field as a champion .
the parking spot	PERSON was pleased to find a good parking spot at work . At her desk her friend informed her glue leaks onto cars in that spot . On her break PERSON checked her car . There was a substance on the hood . When wiped off the substance scratched her paint .	PERSON was trying to find a parking spot at the mall . All the close parking spots were taken . PERSON saw a car leaving a parking spot near the building . PERSON waited for the car to leave . He was able to take the car 's parking spot .	PERSON was about to park near a store . All of a sudden another car pulled up . The other car took PERSON 's spot . PERSON had to park further away . ON the way into the store PERSON keyed the other car 's side .
chocolate milk	PERSON bought a half gallon of chocolate milk . He started drinking some from the carton . He drank more and more while watching Netflix . Before he knew it , he had drank the whole carton . Pretty soon , he started feeling very sick to his stomach .	A few days ago I went out to buy some chocolate milk . I drove all the way out to the store to get some . While I was at the store I bought some other things I needed . I was too focused on buying other things . I forgot to buy the chocolate milk that I had gone to the store for .	Our two year old granddaughter loves chocolate milk . Last week she brought her father 's shoes to him . She put on her shoes . She asked him to take her to the store to buy some chocolate milk . He took her to the store .
guests	PERSON 's husband brought home surprise dinner guests . She was frenzied . She had n't made nearly enough food ! She decided to just call out some pizzas . All her guests were happy with the pizza !	Kia had two unexpected guests for dinner . She wondered if she had enough food . But she found that she had plenty of meat and veggies . She cooked up all she had for her diners . There was plenty of food to go around !	Kia 's husbands brought home two surprise guests for dinner . The food was almost done , so Kia worried . She wondered if the roast and vegetables would be enough for everyone . She served everyone equally , and then sighed with relief . There had been plenty of food to go around !
cats	PERSON was bit by a cat when he was very young . Since then , he has always been scared of cats . One day at school , a cat came up to him and played with him . PERSON had a lot of fun with the cat . Now , PERSON is not scared of cats .	I never had cats growing up . So I never really knew what to expect when my fiancee had them . The one night the one climbed up on me and layed on my chest . She then started digging her claws into me . She explained they were kneading the bread to get comfortable .	PERSON likes to feed all the stray neighborhood cats . PERSON feels compassion for the homeless animals . PERSON started bringing in cats to her home when the weather got cold . PERSON did not realize how hard it was to take care of indoor cats . PERSON 's house was destroyed by the 30 homeless cats she took in .
the hospital	One day , PERSON was feeling very unwell . His throat hurt very much . His doctor decided PERSON must have an operation on his tonsils . PERSON was scared , but the nurses made him feel better . After surgery , PERSON got all the ice cream he wanted .	PERSON was a new employee . He had gotten a job as a doctor at the hospital . On his first day , he got a really complicated case . He worked hard to help the patient . PERSON felt confident about how he would perform as a doctor .	PERSON woke up with a pain in his leg . His family was concerned about him and his pain . In the afternoon they drove to the hospital to see a doctor . The doctor told PERSON he had a blood clot in his leg . He was prescribed medicine and sent home to recover .
hot dogs	The neighbors dogs bark all day . I threw a hot dog at them . They stopped barking for a minute . Then they started barking again . I did n't waste anymore hot dogs after that .	PERSON was grilling hot dogs . He had never used his new grill before . He hoped he was doing everything right ! But when he tasted the hot dogs , he relaxed . They were juicy and very delicious !	PERSON and PERSON sat at the lunch table together . They started eating their hot dog lunches . PERSON 's hot dog fell on the floor . PERSON cut her hot dog in half . She gave half of her hot dog to PERSON .
the movie theater	A new movie theater was being built in town . It was going to be very fancy . When it opened , there was a huge line . Everyone wanted to try it ! It became the most popular theater in town .	There was a new theater in town . The family decided to try it out . The seats were comfortable . The popcorn was the best ! They decided to go to that theater from now on .	I went to the movie theater with my girlfriend . She told me she wanted popcorn and a drink . I ordered a large popcorn and a large drink . It came up to thirty dollars . I decided that we both were n't that hungry after all .
stomach problems	PERSON had issues with his stomach . He kept having to use the restroom . Unfortunately he had to be at work soon . Once there he kept going to the bathroom . He got in trouble with his boss over it .	One day while I was at work my stomach started to hurt . I ended up getting sick in the bathroom . My supervisor let me go home for the day because I threw up . The stomach pains and sickness lasted for over two days . After I finally got better I returned back to work .	Tim always had stomach problems . He tried different things to fix them . His doctors could n't really figure out what was wrong . It really cut into PERSON 's social life . Eventually he learned to just live with the discomfort .
deception	PERSON invited me to her studio . She told me that she can sing well . After I started the beat , she began to sing . I became surprised since most of the sound came from auto-tune . I immediately took off the sound and her voice sounded bad .	PERSON and his friends played hide and seek . PERSON was it . PERSON tried to find his friends but tripped . He pretended to cry and his friends came over to help . PERSON mischievously tagged his friend and ran away .	PERSON was fascinated from the hair curler advertisement on television Her mom purchased the same exact curler that was advertised . PERSON tried it out in her bathroom . Unfortunately , the curler burned a huge piece of her hair . PERSON had to cut her hair short to even out the damaged ends .
sleep over	PERSON and her friends had been watching movies for hours . They were now hungry . They made a pizza , popcorn , and grabbed other snacks . The girls walked back to the living room toting lots of food . PERSON 's mom remarked the girls looked like ants hauling their bounty .	We had my oldest nephew sleep over at our house . He packed up all his clothes , and brought some books . We went swimming in the pool and then got ice cream . After dinner we made a fire and had s'mores . It was a great time , I hope we can do it again .	I wanted to speak at our club . So I spent the night at a friend 's house to prepare . But we just played video games the whole time . I checked to see when our time was to speak . We were n't even on the schedule .
buried treasure	Some years ago , there was a shoe factory . When the building was demolished , the basement was only bricked over . A new building was constructed , and the old basement forgotten . Recently , the new owners found the old basement while running cable . They made a fortune selling off the unworn , vintage shoes .	PERSON loved exploring the woods behind his house . One day , he was exploring and found a disturbed spot in the dirt . He began to dig in the dirt with his hands . After a little digging , PERSON found a pair of dentures . It turns out that grandpa 's lost teeth were not so far away !	I bought a metal detector from Sears . I took the metal detector to the beach down the road from me . I searched and searched and searched . I discovered an old coin ! I sold the coin on eBay for 30 dollars .
feeding the ducks	PERSON and his mom went to the park . The park had a pond and the pond had ducks ! There were baby ducks as well . PERSON wanted to feed the baby ducks . His mom gave him bread and PERSON happily fed the ducks !	PERSON went to the park to feed the ducks . The ducks gathered around her as she gave them bread . She enjoyed feeding them . Soon it was time to go home . She decided that she would bring more bread next time .	PERSON and his mom like visiting the park . They go every week . Their favorite part is feeding the ducks . The ducks are friendly today and eat from their hands . They finally have to go home , but they are excited for next week !
syrup	The man asked for real syrup . The waitress brought back some syrup . The man tried it . He explained that he meant real maple syrup . The restaurant did n't have any .	PERSON woke early one morning . She decided to surprise her family with pancakes . She cooked them and woke her family happily . But then she saw that they were out of syrup ! PERSON was dismayed , but they still appreciated her effort .	PERSON loved to eat syrup . She would eat it with everything . One day , PERSON ran out of syrup . PERSON had to rush to the store to purchase more . After that , PERSON was able to eat with syrup .
the shoe	PERSON went to school . He went to play kick ball with his friends . It was his turn to kick the ball . When he kicked the ball his shoe split in half . PERSON had to get a pair of new shoes .	PERSON tripped on her shoe while carrying a small Tupperware . The Tupperware had loose fitting drawers . And her jewelry was inside . When she tripped , the drawers flew open . PERSON 's jewelry spilled out all over the floor .	I lost a shoe today , and needed a new one . I asked if PERSON would like to accompany me to the mall . He obliged and we trekked down to main street . I found several shoes I liked , and finally bought a pair . I feel much better now that I have a new pair of shoes .
car problems	PERSON 's car broke down on the highway . He was on the way to visit his parents . He had to wait a few hours before a mechanic arrived . The mechanic was able to fix his car on the spot . PERSON made it to his parent 's house in time for dinner .	I was driving through LOCATION LOCATION on Monday due to work . All of a sudden my car starts to shudder . The check engine light also started flashing . I took it to a local shop , and I had to pay $ 500 to get it repaired . I hope that never happens again .	When PERSON 's car broke on the highway , he was stumped . It was raining very hard and he was far away from a gas station . He waved for someone to stop . A big truck stopped and took him along . When he came back it was dark , but the car got fixed and he left .
the dentist	PERSON had to have a cavity filled . He was very afraid of the dentist and was reluctant to do it . A nurse offered to hold his hand during the procedure . PERSON agreed , clutching her hand as he felt the painful tools . Thanks to her friendliness , the procedure passed quickly .	PERSON woke up with a toothache . PERSON called his dentist . They scheduled him for that afternoon . At the dentist , PERSON learned he had a bad tooth . The dentist removed the bad tooth .	PERSON never brushed his teeth . He also ate lots of candy . PERSON ended up with cavities . The dentist gave PERSON lots of fillings . PERSON brushes his teeth regularly now .
earache	PERSON woke up with pain in her right ear . She went to the doctor . The doctor looked in her ears with an otoscope . The doctor informed PERSON she had an ear infection . The doctor wrote PERSON a prescription for antibiotics .	The man woke up with an earache . He took medicine , but decided to go to the doctor . The man called the office to make an appointment . The man went into his appointment with the doctor . The doctor treated the man and gave him a prescription .	PERSON had a terrible earache and fever . He went to his doctor to have it looked at . The doctor said he had a bad infection . PERSON was given an antibiotic injection and a prescription . After taking the medication for two weeks , PERSON 's infection cleared up .
gamers	PERSON was playing video games . She challenged her little brother to a game . He played well ! But PERSON played much better . She won the game easily .	PERSON and his friends all loved to sit around and play Tabletop . They would gather in PERSON 's basement every night and eat junk food . In their game sessions , they had many imaginary adventures . His wife warned him he was making himself sick with all the sitting . By age 40 they had all died of heart attacks .	PERSON pressed the keys on the controller rapidly . He gave a furtive glance over at his sister 's rapidly moving fingers . PERSON finished the game in first place and looked at her brother . He was exasperated and threw down his control . PERSON returned the control to PERSON and they played another game .
job hunting	PERSON was out looking for a new job . He went to many restaurants to fill out applications . The next day one restaurant called him back . They asked him to come in for an interview . He got the job the next day .	PERSON decided that he needed to find a new job . PERSON went on the internet to search for jobs . He finally found a job that seemed interesting . PERSON applied for the job online . Two weeks later , PERSON got an invitation to interview for the job .	PERSON was looking for a job . She applied to many different places . A store called and asked if she 'd come in for an interview . The interview went very well . PERSON got the job .
dog love	Arnold was scared of big dogs . One day he had to go to his girlfriend 's house . His girlfriend had a big dog . The big dog went to him so he could pet him . Arnold nearly fainted as a result .	I went to a friend 's house to hang out . Whenever my friend left the room , her dog humped a stuffed animal . When she would come back , he would stop . When I told her what he was doing , she did n't act surprised . She said the stuffed animal was his longtime girlfriend !	PERSON has 3 beagles . They are her life she loves them like they are her children . One of her dogs just had a stroke . She took her to the vet and the vet explained all the options . PERSON told them to do whatever they needed to save her .
PERSON 's shopping trip	Fred had n't bought new clothes in many Year 's . His wife and kids wanted him to update his old clothing collection . Finally they convinced him to come shopping . PERSON loved it so much he began shopping every weekend . Now his family wishes they had never told him to anything .	PERSON always loved going shopping . She and her friends would go to all the coolest stores . Yesterday she went to a dozen stores . She ended up spending a thousand dollars . To her however , it was quite worth it .	PERSON really wanted a My Little Doggie Brownie Cake doll . She only received wool socks for Christmas though . She asked her Dad to take her to the after Christmas sales . At the fifth Walmart store , she finally found the doll . She held the doll tight , until they made it to check-out .
tan	One sunny day , PERSON went to lay in her backyard . She closed her eyes and dozed briefly . But when she woke , she saw something bad . She had forgotten to apply sunscreen before napping ! PERSON was covered in a bright red sunburn !	PERSON was concerned about her pale skin color . She wanted to look very beautiful . She thought tan skin would make her look beautiful . She began tanning regularly . She received many compliments and was happy about her tan .	PERSON was very pale . She wanted a suntan . She went to the park and stretched out on a chair . Then she relaxed in the sun for a few hours . When she left , her skin was a summery golden brown !
the massage	PERSON had a long day at work . He had to lift a lot of heavy things . His girlfriend felt sympathetic . She gave him a back rub to make him feel better . It helped soothe PERSON physically and emotionally .	PERSON worked hard and came home late at night too tired to even rest . Her man was unemployed and although times were hard she loved him . One night she come home with aching pain that she could not stop . She laid down and before she asked he started a massage . She felt better and was reminded why she loved this man so much .	PERSON was going to get a massage . She knew it it would be a relaxing day so she arrived early . She got lost and her trip took an extra 20 minutes . Then , she could n't find a parking spot . She went to her appointment late and was stressed .
PERSON 's date	PERSON took his girlfriend out on a date . They first bought popcorn before sitting down to watch the movie . They both enjoyed the movie . After watching the movie PERSON bought his girlfriend ice cream . Finally he took her back home .	PERSON is going on a date with PERSON . PERSON and PERSON decided to go to an Italian restaurant . PERSON and PERSON ordered pasta . They enjoyed their food very much . PERSON had a perfect date with PERSON .	PERSON had never been on a proper date before . He asked his friends for some advice . They told PERSON he only needed confidence . PERSON confidently asked PERSON for a date ! Poor PERSON did n't know PERSON was engaged .
new chef	I got a job as a chef . I was new to the field and I hoped I could make a career out of it . On the first day , my cooking made three people sick . Luckily , they gave me another job in the restaurant . I am now the best dishwasher they ever had .	PERSON wanted to hire a new chef . The chef would be for her home . A man named PERSON nailed the interview . Thankfully she was able to have a home chef now . At least she could put away her own skills .	PERSON got a job at a restaurant . He was to be the new head chef . It was the most responsibility he had in a job . PERSON took the position with great honor . He made sure to not make anybody regret their decision .
thanksgiving dinner	It was thanksgiving and my family was visiting me . They all showed up to my house in the afternoon . Around early evening , it was time to eat . I carved the turkey , and we enjoyed our meal and talked . After dinner , we had some pies that my wife baked .	PERSON 's family had not been together for Thanksgiving for 3 years . PERSON decided to call up the family and invite them to his house . Everyone showed up on Thanksgiving day ! The whole family celebrated and ate lots of turkey ! From then on , PERSON made Thanksgiving dinner a family tradition .	PERSON was looking forward to the Thanksgiving break from school . Her family decided to start a new tradition this year . Rather than the typical meal , they were going to cook for others . PERSON and her family went to the homeless shelter for Thanksgiving . They felt blessed as they helped serve Thanksgiving dinner to so many .
rainy walk	PERSON was walking to school on a rainy day . But a car sped by him and sprayed him with dirty water . PERSON decided to force himself to go to school . But he began sneezing and coughing . As PERSON approached his school , he decided to turn back .	PERSON really loved the rain . But it rarely rained in her area . One day , she woke up to the sound of rainfall however . And it made her really happy . And she decided to take a beautiful walk through her neighborhood .	Walking home in the pouring rain , PERSON wished she had an umbrella . She covered her head with a newspaper , but still became wet . She then spotted a plastic bag , and tied it over her head . Approaching a store , PERSON ducked in to wait for a break in the rain . PERSON gasped when the store 's mirror showed her hair dye had washed out !
the affair	PERSON was married to her husband for 5 years . She noticed that he started to act different . She found out that he is having an affair . PERSON filed for divorce . She was happy to move on with her life .	PERSON had made a mistake . He had kissed his neighbor . He confessed this to his wife . She made him sleep on the couch . PERSON would never forgive himself .	The wife found out her husband and sister had an affair . She was horrified ! She kicked the husband out and changed her phone number . She never spoke to either of them again . She found a great new husband who was much more caring .
ball	PERSON was out in her yard playing one day . She was tossing a ball around . PERSON accidentally tossed the ball over the fence . She went next door and asked her neighbor for the ball . Her neighbor gladly let her in the fence to get her ball !	A little boy played with a ball alone . Someone brought a little girl into the room with him . She wanted to play with the ball and he was afraid to let her . However he allowed her to play with the ball as well . They continued to play until they went home , not alone anymore .	PERSON and Art had a baseball and wanted to play . But neither boy had a bat ! Lacking funds , they cast about for a solution . Then Art suggested they use a sturdy branch instead . The branch worked just as well as a real bat !
sharing	PERSON and PERSON are brother and sister . They both love dinosaurs . One day , PERSON lost his dinosaur . He was very sad . PERSON decided to share her dinosaur to make PERSON happy .	PERSON and PERSON are twin sisters . They have always shared everything , their whole lives . Today , they are shopping together . They found a bag they both like , but there is only one in the store . They choose to split the cost and alternate days using it .	PERSON has to always share with her little sister . She does n't like sharing her favorite toys with anyone . Her little sister just recently got a new toy as a birthday present . PERSON wanted to play with the toy . She was surprised her little sister let her play with the toy .
too much wine	PERSON had a blind date . He was nervous about it . He got to the restaurant early and started drinking . After a while he had too many glasses of wine . PERSON was drunk by the time his date got there .	PERSON normally drank beer . He thought wine would be easier to drink . He did n't realize how drunk it was getting him . PERSON passed out without knowing it . The next day he had a bad hangover .	I was watching a movie alone last night . I decided to drink some wine while I did . Before I knew it I was three glasses in . I passed out and fell asleep on the couch . I never found out how the movie ended .
searching	PERSON was an awkward child of the 70s . He had grown up all over the country , and found himself lost . One year PERSON found the most beautiful girl in LOCATION . He decided his purpose was to create love after all this time . So PERSON and PERSON got married , had kids , and PERSON was happy .	PERSON searched his son 's room . He found pornography . He approached his son about the magazines . His son denied owning them . PERSON let his son off easy .	PERSON 's class was in the library . She returned to her classroom early . The teacher was n't in the room . Someone in her class had taken pencils from her . PERSON decided to look for her stolen pencils .
the big fish	PERSON and PERSON were both experienced fishermen . Early one morning they took PERSON 's boat out on the lake . They found a spot out in the water that looked good . Soon PERSON felt a tug on his line and struggled to reel it in . Ten minutes later , he reeled in the biggest fish he 'd ever seen .	PERSON is a fisherman . Everyday he fishes at the local pond for 2 to 3 hours . Usually he catches an average number of average sized fishes . Today he caught the biggest fish of his career . He sold the fish to a local butcher for a hefty sum .	Grace and her dad were on a fishing trip . They had set out to catch some fish . After they found a spot they put in their lines . Grace had a bite and soon after a fish on the line . She reeled it in , what a whopper !
hospital stay	PERSON was scared to go to the hospital . She had to go to there to have her appendix removed . After her surgery , PERSON started to like her hospital stay . She enjoyed the one nurse who always joked around with her . PERSON was a little sad when she had to leave the hospital .	PERSON broke his arm . He had to stay at the hospital for a few hours . The staff was every friendly . Everything went by smoothly and he was kept informed . PERSON appreciated the hard work and dedication .	PERSON 's wife was admitted to the hospital for appendix issues . PERSON decided he would stay in the room with his wife for the night . PERSON wanted to be there to support his wife during her stay . However , PERSON realized he would have to sleep in a small chair . PERSON knew he would be in for a long night during his hospital stay .
lobster	PERSON had lived in LOCATION for his whole life . But the one thing he wanted to do was catch a live lobster . He talked to some guys at the local fish market . One guy said he would take him out the next weekend . They went out and used traps and caught a lobster !	PERSON 's fiance took her out for a lobster dinner . She had never had any seafood at all . She was nervous about whether she 'd like it . But after her first bite , her nerves dissolved . PERSON loved the lobster - it was delicious !	Ivy 's dad took her out for seafood . Ivy had never tried it before . She was nervous , but she order lobster . She took a cautious bite , then smiled broadly . The lobster was actually delicious !
the jogger	PERSON is an avid jogger . She jogs every day when she gets home from school . Her current goal is to run five miles . She reaches her goal in six weeks . PERSON is delighted and feels successful .	PERSON 's doctor told him his weight was high and it was unhealthy . PERSON got home and decided to try going for a jog . He did n't go far , but he tried again the next day and went farther . After a month he had n't skipped a day of jogging . He finally weighed himself and found out that he lost fifteen pounds .	PERSON liked to go running . She would jog for an hour each night . She increased the distance a bit each time . Soon , she could run for one hour straight . PERSON was proud of her fitness !
ocean spray	The family went on vacation to LOCATION . They were looking for something to do one day . So they saw that the Ocean Spray factory was nearby . They had tours and free samples that the kids absolutely loved . They were definitely glad they were able to do it .	I remember being young and going to LOCATION LOCATION . We would go to LOCATION for a day or two . Another day or two we may head up to LOCATION LOCATION . But we would typically go to the Ocean Spray factory . I always loved tasting and sampling all their drinks .	I visited the seashore on a cold windy day . I walked out on some rocks to watch the waves . Two large waves hit the rock I was standing on at the same time . Water shot high into the air and fell on me . I was cold and wet the rest of the day .
bag	Last week my wife left her lunch bag at work . She did not want to wait until Monday to get it . She drove down on Sunday . I went along for the ride . We ended up buying ice cream cones .	PERSON was carrying a paper bag of groceries from his car . The bag ripped and spilled a lot of cans into the snow . PERSON laughed as his chili and soup rolled around on the white snow . He thought it was pretty funny , and did n't let it bug him . He put on some gloves and picked up all the cans .	She needed a new makeup bag . She went to the makeup aisle . She found a very pretty one that she liked . It was pink and had glitter in it . She purchased it happily .
the shot	PERSON was last to go in an archery competition . She picked up her bow and nocked an arrow . The official told her that she may shoot when ready . PERSON quickly drew her bow and took great aim . The arrow was launched and missed the target by a foot .	Frank was the best shooter in his basketball team . The team was down by two points . His team had the ball , there was ten seconds on the clock . His teammate threw him the ball and john caught it , PERSON shot the ball at last minute and scored a three .	PERSON PERSON is a great basketball player . In one game he was struggling with his shot . He kept missing every shot throughout the game . Then , in the final moments he received a pass . He shot the ball and drained it , winning the game !
birthday surprise	PERSON was turning 21 . He did n't have many friends . He decided to go to the bar by himself . At the last minute one of his friends invited him out . PERSON 's other friends were there too .	It was PERSON 's birthday . He was upset because he thought everyone forgot it . A friend invited him over to hang out . When ken walked in all his friends were there . They threw him a surprise birthday party .	Yesterday was my 40th birthday . When I came home , my husband was acting very weird and nervous . When I got into the living room , I was shocked to see my whole family ! My husband had planned a party all by himself ! I could n't believe he did it without me finding out .
ripped jeans	PERSON loved wearing her favorite jeans . She wore them everywhere . Yet yesterday she felt a surprise . Her jeans had torn ! She was disappointed but sewed it together .	PERSON wanted to wear ripped jeans . So he bought a pair of ripped jeans at the mall . He felt confident and thought he was attractive . And he met other people who wore ripped jeans . But they all felt awkward wearing the same style .	PERSON got a new pair of jeans . She wore them all the time . Eventually they got holes . She still wore them . But she had to get them fixed .
the garden	They planted a sunflower garden at their house in the city . They watched it grow all summer . The traffic by their house got heavy when the sunflowers bloomed . Many people yelled something nice as they drove past the garden . When the sunflowers died the traffic went back to normal .	PERSON had a garden in his backyard . He grew all sorts of things but never could get his tomatoes to grow . One day as he was weeding he came across a caterpillar . PERSON looked up the type and found that it ate tomato seeds . With this information he killed them all and could now grow tomatoes .	PERSON was gardening outside one day . As he was digging , he found an old medal in the dirt . PERSON discovered that this was a medal from World War Two . He tracked down the family that had lived there before him . They were very happy when he gave them the medal back .
swimming	PERSON wanted to be the best swimmer . She practiced every day . She competed in many races . At first she lost them all . Now she is the best in the city .	The pool was open yesterday , to PERSON 's excitement . PERSON wanted to go swimming . She asked a friend to go with her . PERSON and her friend went to the pool to enjoy the water . They swam until the pool closed , and went home exhausted .	PERSON and his friend loved to swim . Every day in the summer they would go swimming . PERSON had a pool and they swam there . They would swim all day . PERSON and his friend loved to swim .
squirrels	There was a squirrel across the street . It was climbing up and down the tree . I realized it was carrying nuts to its babies . I watched until it finally stopped and hid in the tree . I realized this was probably a waste of my time .	PERSON loved the cute squirrels that played in her yard . She started putting food out for them . She soon was leaving sandwiches every day for them to eat . Before long , the yard was filled with expectant squirrels . PERSON loved to watch them eat !	PERSON has been hearing noises in her attic . Her husband called a wildlife specialist to come investigate . The wildlife expert saw evidence of squirrel activity . He placed squirrel traps on the roof of the house . Now PERSON has to check the squirrel traps everyday .
sunshine	PERSON never wanted to go outside . His mother told him he needed to get some sunshine . PERSON thought that sunshine was overrated . He finally decided to go outside . The sunshine felt so good that he never wanted to go back inside !	PERSON wanted a perfect tan . She was outside . She kept moving her chair to have an even tan . There was a light post casting a shadow . Her tan looked very nice .	I went to the beach . I had on a sticker on my chest . I fell asleep . And I got sunburned . The sticker made a nice tan line .
becoming a teacher	PERSON really wants to be a special education teacher . He has been going to school for many years and is getting his masters . Finally after taking his CSET test he passed it . Since he passed his test he is now able to be a teacher . PERSON PERSON promoted him to a teaching position at work .	PERSON wanted to be a teacher for as long as she could remember . When she got to college , she knew she wanted to pursue teaching . She majored in education and learned a lot about how to teach . She worked as a student teacher to get lots of practice . When she graduated , she found a great job at a school in her town .	PERSON dreamed of becoming a teacher for his whole life . Once he graduated college he could n't wait to apply for positions . Once he found a job at the local middle school , right away . He quickly set up his classroom and was excited to meet students . PERSON 's dream had finally come true as he opened his classroom doors .
squirrel	PERSON loved all animals , and always wanted to bring home wild ones . One day he found an injured squirrel and brought it home to nurse . His mother was repulsed , and thought it was little better than a rat . The squirrel recovered , and PERSON looked forward to training him . But he got home to find his mother had evicted the recovered animal .	PERSON heard a noise in the fireplace . He opened the fireplace doors . A squirrel was huddled up in the back corner by the logs . PERSON coaxed the squirrel out with some peanuts . PERSON let the squirrel go outside in his backyard .	A squirrel lived in a tree outside PERSON 's bedroom . Everyday it tried to steal seeds from a bird feeder out there . However there was a device to prevent the squirrels from getting any . So PERSON dismantled the squirrel preventing device . Soon the squirrel was big and fat on bird seed .
storytime	PERSON loved stories . His mother was too tired to tell him stories . PERSON begged for just one story before bed . His mother relented and started to tell him a story . PERSON thankfully fell asleep before long .	PERSON could not fall asleep . He asked his dad to read him a bedtime story . His father decided to make one up . When he finished , PERSON told him it was the best story he had heard . Now PERSON 's father makes up all of PERSON 's bedtime stories .	I enjoy doing these HITs . They are easy and pay well . Sometimes , though , it 's hard to think of appropriate stories . To get ideas , I look at Facebook . I just spent an hour looking at Facebook to make 23 cents .
the solo	PERSON really enjoyed playing his trombone , and was pretty good at it . He decided to enter a music competition . He picked a piece of music to play and practiced hard for weeks . On the big day , he was nervous but played well for the judges . They loved his song and PERSON was very proud of himself .	PERSON enjoyed playing her flute in the school band . She had to play an important solo in the winter concert . PERSON was nervous that she would mess up during the performance . Finally after weeks of practicing , her big moment had arrived . Her hard work paid off , and the solo was beautiful !	Wan 's big solo was coming up . He had been practicing for a long time . He stayed up late many nights getting it right . The conductor pointed his way . Wan got up and delivered an amazing solo .
tears	PERSON threw her bag on the floor and burst into tears . She 'd had enough at her job . Unfortunately she did n't have the courage to quit . PERSON went back the next day . There were 20 more years of next days , as Marg lost her will to live .	PERSON went down to the station to identify the body . The coroner pulled back the plastic . PERSON recoiled in horror . It was his sister 's face . He nodded his head to confirm it was her as the tears fell down .	PERSON had been dating his girlfriend for 1 year . His girlfriend told him she got a new job . She told him the job was 1000 miles away . PERSON began crying . They ended the relationship when she moved .
the race	PERSON loved to go fast on his motorcycle . He wanted to win the upcoming motorcycle race . PERSON knew that he would win the race if he practiced hard . He woke up early every morning to practice his runs on the course . On the day of the race , PERSON won it by a long shot !	PERSON was the fastest runner on the team . His team made it to the state finals . PERSON decided to get extra practice to prepare for the state finals . He ran an extra hour everyday . Thanks to his practice PERSON got 1st place in the state finals .	The Horses were lined up in the starting gate . The gunshot fired and they were off like a bolt . Two horses pulled into the lead neck and neck . The jockeys were riding hard and fast . They came to the line and it was a dead heat .
chinese new year	We celebrated Chinese New Year on February 7th . We had a New Year 's Eve dinner . We ate roasted chicken and rice . We also ate oranges . We rang in the new year by watching a youtube video of fireworks .	It is customary to give out red envelopes to kids on Chinese New Year . This year I put $ 5 in a red envelope . I brought it to my neighbor 's son PERSON , who is 4 . I gave PERSON the envelope , plus some candy . PERSON 's mom gave me a thank you note in return .	My granddaughter PERSON is 20 months old . She is in a daycare . Last Friday the daycare center celebrated Chinese New Year . Her mom bought her a Chinese outfit , but PERSON did not like it . PERSON did wear the outfit and was happy when she went to daycare .
the whale	PERSON was kayaking in the ocean . All of a sudden , a huge whale popped up in front of him ! The whale made a big splash . PERSON wished he 'd had his camera rolling . He told all his friends about the amazing experience .	PERSON enjoyed kayaking . PERSON went kayaking with friends one day in the ocean . A whale came out of the ocean and knocked PERSON 's kayak over . PERSON did n't get hurt . PERSON decided not to kayak when the whales were around .	PERSON was at the aquarium with her mom . She saw a stuffed whale and begged her mom to have it . Her mom said she had to choose between the toy or ice cream . PERSON debated the pros and cons of each . PERSON went home with a new stuffed whale .
stew	PERSON 's mom insisted cooking was easier than PERSON thought . She talked PERSON through making a stew in her Crock Pot . PERSON was doubtful , but she followed the instructions . When the stew was done , she warily sampled it . Then she grinned - it was delicious !	PERSON decided to try her hand at making stew . She chopped and simmered her beef . Then she added everything to the slow cooker . After a few hours she tasted her stew . It was delicious !	PERSON hated stew a lot . She ate it once and felt very sick . After that , she never ate stew again . One day , she went to a friend 's house who had stew . She tasted it and fell in love with the stew .
tea	PERSON wanted to support her kids by selling things she grew . But her fruits never flourished and her vegetables were small . She racked her brains to come up with a solution . Then she thought of a new idea : she could make homemade tea . PERSON 's tea leaves became highly sought after by the whole county !	PERSON loved caffeine . He read about how coffee is unhealthy . PERSON stopped drinking coffee . PERSON wanted to consume caffeine . PERSON switched to tea and felt healthier and happier .	PERSON wants some tea . He went into teavana , searching for the best tea . He found most of it very sweet . He decides to buy youthberry although it tastes like juice . He drinks it all night
family dinner	The Smith Family has family dinner every Saturday . The dinners were made to bring everyone together . However , this Sunday everyone was busy and could n't come together . So PERSON , the mother , decided to bring dinner to each family member . It brought everyone together knowing PERSON cared so much about each of .	PERSON decided to cook dinner for her family . She worked all day in the kitchen . She called her family to come to dinner . They ate the dinner prepared by PERSON . Everyone complimented PERSON on her cooking skills .	PERSON was hosting a dinner for her family . When the family arrived , she kept them entertained . She had to finished the meals for a few more minutes . To her dismay , her cake was burning . Luckily she took it out and it was safe .
the flu	PERSON woke up last week feeling nauseous . He checked his temperature and saw he had a fever . He called off work to go see a doctor . The doctor told PERSON he had the flu , and gave him medicine . Now , PERSON is feeling better .	PERSON got sick with the flu . He tried to stay away from everyone . Unfortunately his girlfriend got sick too . She spread it to people at work . PERSON felt responsible for it all .	The sickness started out just like any other . A few people were sick , and then a few more . But then , those people began dying , faster and more violently . The epidemic swept across the globe , leaving destruction everywhere . The last human beings alive were stationed at the ISS in outer space .
the sting	PERSON was at his brother 's farm picking peaches . He got too close to a bee hive . PERSON got stung by two bees . He ran all the way back to his brother 's house . His sister-in-law gave PERSON some ointment .	PERSON ran across the beach and dove into the ocean . The cool water felt good to him as he swam . When PERSON was neck deep in water he felt something on his leg . A jellyfish had stung PERSON ! He winced in pain and slowly Came swam back ashore .	PERSON never thought he 'd get caught picking up a hooker . He usually drives right past a girl selling herself . The other day , however , he saw an Asian girl standing alone outside . He drove up on the side of her and asked for her company . She took his money for sex , then the police came from behind his car .
PERSON 's job	PERSON had a horrible job that he hated . Every day as he went to work he thought about other things he could do He knew that if he hated his job , that he would have a miserable life . One day , PERSON went to his boss and quit the job he hated so much . PERSON finally found a job that he loved and his life was happy again .	PERSON was out of work and needed money . She decided she would try to find a job . She submitted resumes and went on interviews . She received a call from an interested employer . She excitedly accepted their offer to start tomorrow !	PERSON worked as a special education teacher . The stresses of her job kept her feeling tired and anxious . When her father died , PERSON inherited a large amount of money . PERSON went back to school to study architecture . Lisa found fulfillment and less stress with her new career .
job search	PERSON graduated at the top of his class . He was sure he would easily find a job . He looked and had trouble getting interviews . He asked potential employers why they did n't want to hire him . They all said it was because his references said he was mean .	PERSON was unemployed and did n't know what to do . She decided to join a workforce center to seek out options . The center had school funds available to those who qualified for it . PERSON ended up qualifying for the funds and went back to school . She ended up getting a job in her field six months later .	Last week I began job searching . The first two days I searched online for openings . Next , I drafted a new resume . Then I wrote cover letters for each position . Today I was called to schedule an interview next week .
chair	Do n't need a new chair . His cat had scratched his up . He decided to go shopping for one . However , he could not find anything he liked . PERSON decided to order something custom .	PERSON 's school 's shop class was full . He was put into a Home Ec class instead . At first he was sad , but then he found something out . The teacher would let him make a chair as his project ! PERSON got to make a manly item after all !	PERSON needed some new chairs . She threw away her old ones . PERSON went to the store and got more . She set up her chairs . They looked nice .
guitar	PERSON loved listening to the Guitar . PERSON really like PERSON PERSON . He decided that he would learn the guitar . He listened to PERSON and played guitar everyday . PERSON became a famous musician .	The man practiced guitar . He wanted to play rock and roll . His acoustic guitar was not loud enough . He traded it in for an electric guitar . His practice sessions were louder from then on .	I really wanted to learn how to play the guitar . Reading various chord books I learned finger positions . Watching many videos that showed techniques helped with my transitions I performed a show in front of many people . I felt that I had learned how to play guitar .
italian	We talked about our favorite cuisines with friends . It seemed like everyone preferred italian . One of our friends said mexican was all he would ever eat . I was very quiet , not telling anyone that I hated both cuisines . On the way home , I confessed to my husband , and he laughed .	PERSON really wanted Italian food for dinner . She ordered takeout from the pizzeria . They brought her spaghetti with meatballs . It smelled delicious ! PERSON really enjoyed her delicious dinner .	We went with our grandparents to dinner . They were so excited to take us to their favorite place . All the waitresses knew them there . They ordered the same thing every time . I 'm not going to lie , it was pretty amazing .
slow internet	PERSON was trying to watch a movie . It kept freezing . PERSON figured his internet connection was bad . He fiddled with the wireless router . PERSON was able to fix the problem .	My internet was running very slowly . I reset the router to make it faster . It did not go faster . I called the internet company . They came out and changed out a wire .	PERSON was trying to watch Netflix . The picture kept buffering . The image quality was low . PERSON called his internet provider to complain . They sent out someone to fix the problem .
shelter	PERSON wanted to adopt a dog . She decided that she wanted to check out her local animal shelter . There were many cute puppies . She fell in love with a five month old lab named PERSON . PERSON decided to adopt PERSON .	PERSON M worked at an animal shelter . She loved all the cats and dogs there . One day , she got her other friend PERSON to come to the shelter . PERSON loved dogs and cats too and fit in great at the shelter . PERSON took a dog home with her because she loved it so much !	PERSON had had a huge fight with his parents . He decided to run away from home . On the streets he realized he had no plans and had to find a shelter . Luckily , they welcomed him in and gave him a meal and a bed . The next day they helped him reunite with his family .
listening to music	PERSON listened to lots of hip-hop music . He wanted to show the music to his friend PERSON . PERSON listened to the music PERSON gave him . PERSON liked the music PERSON gave him . PERSON gave PERSON more albums to listen to in the future .	PERSON was listening to music in his car . He was not paying attention to the road . All of a sudden , his car went off the road he was driving on . Fortunately , there was no damage to his car . PERSON turned off the music and drove more carefully afterwards .	I felt bored while walking . I found my iPod in my wallet . I put my earphones into my ears . I found a song on my menu screen . I began to listen to music while I walked .
fireman	PERSON was turning 4 and told his mom his birthday wish . PERSON wished to be a fireman for his birthday ! His mom pondered this impossibility , then brightened . She set up a tour of the local fire station with its kind firemen . PERSON got to be a foreman on his birthday after all !	PERSON wanted to be a fireman . He spent all his free time at the local fire house . PERSON soaked up all the information he could . He took the Fireman Certification test . PERSON was proud to pass his test !	PERSON wanted to be fireman . He signed up to join the local fire department . PERSON had to go through extensive training . He failed training on the first round . But on his second try he was able to pass and join .
the tryout	PERSON showed up for the dance team tryouts . Her hands were shaking from nerves . She was told it was her turn . She took a deep breath and tried to calm herself . PERSON made the team .	PERSON wanted to play basketball . The team coach told him he was too small to play . PERSON practiced hard every day at home . On tryout day , PERSON tried out for the team . He was surprised and happy when he learned he made the team .	PERSON was trying out for the football team . The players began to practice drills . PERSON stumbled forward when running a drill . He was the slowest person to complete the drill . PERSON did n't make the team .
the ex	Drew just broke up with his girlfriend . He felt bad but he just was n't in love anymore . He wanted to take some time and focus on his job . After a month Drew realized he was very lonely . He called his ex and now they are together again .	Someone mailed a man 's wallet to PERSON . It belonged to her ex-husband , PERSON . They were not on talking terms , but she called him to let him know . They met downtown to exchange the wallet . PERSON felt like she was meeting up with a stranger .	PERSON had n't seen his ex girlfriend in a while . He missed her a bit . PERSON called his ex to see if she wanted to have dinner . She told him she was now engaged . PERSON hung up the phone upset and sad .
dog show	PERSON decided to enter his dog Monster into a dog show . Monster had always been a rowdy dog , and not well behaved . But PERSON was determined to train his dog until they could win . They worked every single day trying to train obedience into him . In the end , Monster won the dog show in a landslide vote .	Three dogs went to a competition . Only one could be selected . The trainers trained their dogs . The dogs trained themselves . Only one of them won .	PERSON really wanted to show his dog at the annual dog show . But his dog was very bad-mannered and always ran away . PERSON took his dog to obedience classes for four weeks . PERSON 's dog learned how to stay when PERSON commanded it . PERSON and his dog entered the contest and won second place .
snack time	PERSON was feeling hungry . She decided to make herself something to eat . PERSON opened the refrigerator and looked inside . She pulled out a cup of strawberry yogurt . PERSON opened the container and ate the yogurt .	PERSON sat in class with her classmates staring at the clock . It was almost snack time . PERSON waited and waited . When the bell rang she sprang to the front of the room . Because she was so quick she was the first in line for food .	PERSON was hungry for a snack . She went to the pantry and looked at the options . She decided to eat some crackers . She got a bowl and put some crackers in it . She sat at the table and enjoyed her snack .
broken record	PERSON bought a new record . It played wrong when he tried to listen to it . He returned it for another . That one played wrong also . PERSON realized it was the player that was broken .	PERSON joined his high school track team . He figured it would look good on college applications . It turns out PERSON was really good at it . He wound up winning several awards . By graduation he had broken several school records .	PERSON played the record . He danced to the music . The record stopped . He picked up the record to turn it over . He dropped the record .
haunted	PERSON lost his brother PERSON . One day they had a terrible accident . PERSON felt guilty every single day . He felt haunted by him . He finally got counseling to cope with the loss .	PERSON visited a haunted house . The area was very empty and devoid of noise . He felt nervous . He went in and heard so many noises . He left right after	The boy thought his room was haunted . He asked his mom for help . The mom pretended to do a spell . She said that the ghosts were gone . The boy did n't think his room was haunted anymore .
pizza day	It was Friday . So everyone was excited that the cafeteria was serving pizza . But when PERSON received his slice , he was disappointed . He did not understand why everyone was so excited . PERSON brought his own food to school from then on .	Everyday for a month we had bad food for lunch at school . However , starting next month we were promised Pizza . We were all excited . When next month came by , we did n't get any pizza . All the kids were disappointed .	Every Friday , the school kids got a treat . It was Pizza Day ! They could order whatever kind they wanted . The kids looked forward to it all week . They rushed to the lunchroom for first dibs .
modeling	A modeling agent approached PERSON one day at the mall . She was excited to be asked to audition . Her mother told her to be cautious , as such offers were often scams . Her mom came to the meeting , and everything appeared legitimate . She was booked for her first job , and thrilled to embark on a career .	PERSON wanted to be a model . She thought she could do it , since she was thin and cute . But when she went to the modeling agency , she was upset . The agents told her she could not be a model . PERSON found out that she was too short to be a model !	My friend recently joined a modeling agency . Many girls think that he is attractive . This made him interview for a modeling company . When he got the job , they told him that he had to follow a diet . Now he tells me that joining was the worst mistake of his life .
parking	Our condo complex is next to another one . We have a large parking lot . Several people from the other complex parked on our lot . One day our board had those cars towed . A lot of people were unhappy that day .	The man went to the parking garage . There were no parking spots open . He went to the paying station to leave . They tried to charge him four dollars . He refused to pay the money .	I was ready to go to my driver 's license test a while ago ! I was very excited and drove there with my brother . I drove super well the entire way there . Unfortunately in the parking lot I lost my confidence . When I was parking I accidentally hit a car and had to leave .
ugly glasses	PERSON had a pair of ugly sunglasses . She thought she looked great in them . Nobody had the heart to tell her . Finally one day a drunk friend made fun of her . PERSON never wore them again .	PERSON hated his glasses . It was all he could afford . He looked online for different lenses . He found a cheap pair . PERSON liked them a lot more .	PERSON always struggled with fashion . He bought some sunglasses he thought were cool . He wore them everywhere , even indoors . His friends finally told him they did n't look good . PERSON stopped wearing them after .
compromise	PERSON and Sue only had one car . Sue was home all day with their two small children . She finally told PERSON she felt trapped without a car all day . They could not afford to buy another car . PERSON finally agreed to bike to work two days a week .	PERSON and PERSON never agreed on politics . They would argue constantly over who was right about an issue . One day they witnessed a tragedy on the news . Many people died . Because of this PERSON and PERSON found common ground politically .	PERSON was serious with her piano practice . She woke up two hours before dawn every day . She was very praised by her piano teacher and did n't dare changing . But PERSON was exhausted and just wanted to have fun . She cut down an hour on her practice and played an hour after school .
open mic night	PERSON plays open mic night every Friday . She enjoys singing for people . Tonight she 's going to perform an original song . PERSON is nervous before she goes on . The crowd loved her song .	PERSON was an amateur singer . PERSON 's friend recommended that he participate in a open mic night . PERSON decided to participate at such an event at a local bar nearby . PERSON decided to sing a song by PERSON PERSON for the event . PERSON was shocked by the positive response he received by the audience .	PERSON loved singing . Unfortunately she was always shy . Her friends convinced her to sing at an open mic night . PERSON went through with it and had a great time . She decided to go back to more .
comeback	The panthers were down 10 points in 1 minute . Nobody believed they could come back , it was impossible . Until they scored 8 points in 40 seconds . People were on the edge of their seats . The panthers then took the lead with one second left !	PERSON PERSON insulted PERSON 's beard . PERSON took it personally . He decided to shave his beard off . PERSON PERSON later told him she was just kidding . PERSON thought that was a terrible excuse for being a jerk .	PERSON used to be a famous singer . He still enjoyed to tour the country doing concerts . He decided to do a comeback tour . Unfortunately , ticket sales were not great and many venues were empty . PERSON decided to never tour again .
new phone plan	PERSON got a new phone . She loved buying phones , But she saw a cheaper plan . So she got that instead . She saved a lot of money .	When I got my new phone , I did n't know how to activate it . There were so many plan choices that I could n't decide . I chose a median plan , hoping it would be a good choice . I applied it to my account and paid for it . I have been using it ever since .	PERSON hated her phone plan . She thought it costed too much . PERSON wanted a different one . So she went to the store . She found one thirty dollars cheaper .
not allowed	PERSON heard a talent competition was coming to town . He took his dog to the auditions . PERSON and his dog did some amazing tricks for the judges . The judges told PERSON they could n't allow an animal in the show . PERSON took his labrador home , watching the talent show on TV .	My friend and I walked to the basketball court . When we came , a group of friends walked towards us . They were mad and said that no one is allowed here . Since they were twice our size , we can away . We felt relieved after leaving the park .	PERSON took gum out of his mouth . He tried to stick it under the table . A teacher noticed him before he did anything . He told Drew to stop . As a result , PERSON got up and threw his gum in the trash .
superbowl	We watched the Superbowl on Sunday . I was rooting for LOCATION , because I am not a Manning fan . The game did not go well for the Panthers . I was shocked when PERSON PERSON did not dive for a fumble . I turned the tv off in disgust when the game ended .	We saw the Super Bowl in 2015 . We are Bostonians and rooted for the Patriots . In the final seconds I was looking at the floor depressed . I was shocked and happy when my wife said the Patriots intercepted . It was a great moment in LOCATION sports .	In 2006 , my family watched the Superbowl in our living room . We invited over neighbors and family . My mom made food for everybody and it tasted good . Our favorite team won the game . We spent all night celebrating the victory .
sickness	When PERSON went to work she was n't feeling good . She did n't have any other options but to go to work so she went . When she got there she told her boss that she was n't feeling well . Her boss told her that if she still felt sick later that she could go . In a few hours PERSON ended up going home .	PERSON was still feeling weak after having the flu . His big soccer game was a week away . His coach still would not let him practice . The coach allowed him to do small exercises . PERSON still did not feel well enough to play the next week either .	PERSON was pregnant . She had always heard how uncomfortable pregnancy was . The first time she had morning sickness it was terrible . PERSON was so sick she could hardly stand . She was relieved when a coworker gave her ginger tea for nausea .
the beach	PERSON could n't wait for the plane to land . He 'd never been to the ocean before and he was touching down soon ! As soon as he got off the plane , he headed for the hotel . He dropped his bags and ran out into the sand . It was amazing to feel the waves crash into his ankles !	PERSON saw a crab on the beach . She was so excited she wanted to pet it . The crab snapped at her fingers . PERSON hurt herself and had to go to the hospital . PERSON no longer wanted to go back .	PERSON was spending the day at the beach . He decided to build a sand castle . He spent many hours building the sandcastle . After he finished , he left to get something from his car . When he came back , the sand castle had been destroyed .
PERSON 's gym	PERSON did not have much self esteem . He felt that his body was out of shape . PERSON decided to join a gym . PERSON worked out at the gym a few times a week . Over a few months , PERSON began to feel better about himself .	PERSON loved going to the gym every day . She even paid for a two-year gym membership . One day she went to the gym and it had closed its doors . She was unable to get any of her money refunded . PERSON was very unhappy with the gym she used to love .	PERSON is a little overweight for her age and height . PERSON plans to began a rigorous diet and exercise plan . She becomes in shape and healthier overtime . PERSON starts her own gym . She now travels around the world offering healthy eating tips .
chicken wings	I really wanted some chicken wings . I decided to make some . Alas , they tasted terrible . I decided to order some wings for takeout . They were incredibly tasty !	The friends always got together to eat chicken wings . They would talk about what was going on in their lives . The wings were usually spicy and hot . One day , they tried a new restaurant . They decided they 'd meet there from now on .	The PERSON family ordered a big batch of chicken wings for dinner . They were extra spicy but no one knew that . Everyone took several bites before realizing the pain . All of them guzzled their drinks down . They are broke out laughing because of what happened .
old dog	PERSON has a dog named Daisy . Daisy is eleven years old and is getting weak . Daisy has a hard time walking and getting up the stairs . PERSON goes to the vet and gets medicine for Daisy . The medicine makes Daisy stronger for the time being .	PERSON had his dog for over 12 years . It was near the end of his life . PERSON noticed it was struggling and in pain . At one point it broke a hip and PERSON knew what he had to do . The dog was gently put down .	PERSON had an old dog named PERSON . PERSON was PERSON 's best friend . One day , PERSON got sick . PERSON took PERSON to the doctor . The doctor gave PERSON some medicine , and PERSON got well again .
buying beer	PERSON was buying beer for friends . They asked him for ID . PERSON realized he forgot it at home . They refused to sell him the beer . PERSON understood but was upset .	PERSON 's girlfriend went to buy everyone beer . She knew they liked different things . She only wanted to buy one case , though . She decided on getting her favorite . Everyone else did n't care because they were already drunk .	PERSON wanted to buy some beer . He gathered enough money and went to the store . He picked out his favorite kind . When he went to pay they asked for ID . He was n't old enough so he was n't able to buy any .
the check	PERSON finally got his paycheck ! He took it home and put it on the table . An hour later it was gone . PERSON looked all over for it . It turns out the air conditioner blew it on the ground .	PERSON needed money and payday was a week away . He drove to a local clinic and applied to donate plasma . After donating plasma , PERSON felt weak . He passed out in the clinic . When he woke up , nurses were in his face and he asked for his check .	PERSON had been working for PERSON . After a few weeks , PERSON wrote him a big check . PERSON was happy to take it to the bank and cash it . He felt rich ! He stared at his new pile of money and felt proud .
puzzles	PERSON loved doing puzzles . She went to the store and bought a 5000 piece puzzle . The puzzle had a African safari scene on it . PERSON did the puzzle every day for three weeks . When she finished there was one piece missing .	PERSON loves to do puzzles He dedicates a lot of time to his hobby . He purchased a puzzle from a new company on Amazon . When the puzzle arrived , it was the best quality he had ever seen . He is so excited to do his new puzzle .	I had not heard from an old friend in a long time . We had not talked in over thirty days . I visited my friend at her assisted living home . She said she keeps herself busy doing crossword puzzles . Happy she was okay I mailed her several puzzle books when I got home .
school lunch	It was PERSON 's first day in the first grade . She was having lunch in the cafeteria for the first time . She was able to choose her lunch . She sat with her friends from class and the ate and talked . PERSON felt like a big kid for the first time .	PERSON had just started kindergarten . Her mother usually packed a lunch for her . One day mom had no time to pack a lunch . She send money with PERSON to buy lunch . PERSON loved the school lunch .	PERSON took his son to school . But he forgot to give him a lunch . So his son shared food with his friend . But the food made him sick . And PERSON never let his son eat school food again .
the fog	I stepped outside to get the mail . The fog was so thick I could n't see the mail box . I followed the driveway to the street . From there I followed the street to the mailbox . There was no mail yet .	The weather was cold and dreary . The fog moved in to the bay . The couple watched the fog envelope the bridge . Soon , they could n't see anything below them . The fog had made a beautiful scene .	The pilot was nervous about the weather . The fog had settled in and visibility was terrible . He spoke to air traffic control about the situation . They re-routed him to LOCATION LOCATION . The plane landed safely and the passengers were relieved .
the hat	PERSON went to Target to buy a new hat . She wanted one like one she saw in a music video . She looked , and looked but they did n't have any like it . She did n't want to buy any other kind of hat . So she left the store with nothing and went home .	My friend has a hat . The wind blew his hat away . My friend chased his hat . I chased his hat with him . We caught my friends hat .	PERSON found this awesome hat on the street . At first she did not know what it was . It had all these bright colors . It looked like a rainbow . It was a cool hat .
date night	PERSON picked up PERSON for their very first date . He had showered and shaved and borrowed his dad 's car . He took PERSON for Italian food and then to a movie . At the end of the night , she gave him a kiss . Then she told him it had been her best date ever !	PERSON had a big date tonight . He bought new clothes for the occasion . On the way to the restaurant he spilled coffee all over his shirt . He panicked and searched for a bathroom . His date did n't think anything of it and laughed it off .	PERSON needed a date for the big dance on Friday . He asked every girl he could think of but they all said no . Finally , he asked his best friend PERSON to go to the dance . She was looking for a date too so she said yes ! At the end , they both had a wonderful time at the dance .
brushing teeth	PERSON loves brushing her teeth . She does it every day and night . Her parents do n't even have to remind her . She cleans up when she is done . She even puts everything away .	I was getting ready for bed . I went to the bathroom to brush my teeth . I grabbed my toothbrush and toothpaste . I began to brush my teeth . I spit the toothpaste into the sink .	Harry read that most people brush their teeth wrong . He had always brushed back and forth and rinsed after . The website said he should brush up and down and only spit after . Harry decided to put these techniques into practice . He did n't notice much difference , but felt better for changing .
daydreaming	PERSON could n't pay attention in class . She often wandered off in her mind Thinking of fantasies and nonsense . Eventually she was medicated . Now she does better in class and does n't fantasize .	PERSON was at school , sitting through a monotonous lecture . Her mind began to wander . Before she knew it , she was flying in the sky , dancing through clouds . A sharp voice snapped PERSON back to reality . PERSON got in trouble again by her teacher .	The ride home from school was relaxing . As I looked out the window , I began daydreaming . I also looked at the buildings outside of the car . When the car pulled up in the parking lot , I lost my attention . My day dream went away .
PERSON breaks down	PERSON was driving to work . He heard a loud noise coming from his car . He pulled over to check it out . The engine was smoking very badly . PERSON sat and waited for help to arrive .	PERSON is driving his friends to a concert in a big city . He checks the car 's tires gas and oil before leaving . While driving to the concert he hears a ticking noise . The car then begins to blow out smoke from the front . PERSON 's has to pull the car over and get help .	PERSON is driving down the road . He begins to smell smoke from his car . He pulls over to check it out . His engine is blown up . He has to call a tow truck to tow him back to town .
good dog	PERSON had a black pit bull named PERSON . PERSON was very sweet but very protective . PERSON was walking his dog one day and a man robbed him . PERSON jumped at the robber and scared him away . PERSON gave his pet a wonderful meal as a reward .	Sprint is my neighbor 's dog . We live right on a busy road so Sprint was taught to stay in the yard . He will sit at the edge of the yard even though there is no fence . Yesterday I was in my yard working and heard him crying . He would n't even leave the yard when I called him over !	PERSON chased after her favorite dog . The dog ran from Patty around the yard . PERSON slipped on the wet grass . The dog came over to PERSON . The dog licked PERSON 's face .
touchdown	PERSON had the football . He ran really fast . The other team was lost . He crossed the endzone . He scored a touchdown .	PERSON played football with a team . Today was their big day . He was nervous but did well . He scored a touchdown . Everyone cheered him on .	PERSON played football since the age of five . In high school , his coach named him the star quarterback . During his first game , the threw three interceptions . The crowd booed him as he walked off the field . PERSON went home and wallowed in self pity .
prayer	PERSON attended Sunday church service with his family . The pastor droned on with the service . PERSON rolled his eyes . When the pastor asked the congregation to pray , PERSON snickered . His mother elbowed him in the side .	My mom taught me how to pray when I was a little child . I said the same prayer every night with her as a child . When my son was born I taught him the same prayer . Now my son says the prayer with me . We have a special bond with our family praying because of my mom .	The man said a prayer out loud . Praying in the school was prohibited . He was asked to stop praying . He refused to stop . He was asked to leave the school until he could follow the rules .
the pageant	PERSON signed up to compete in a pageant . She bought the most beautiful dress . She was prepared to win and answered her questions correctly . PERSON was beat by another girl . She decided pageants were not for her .	PERSON wanted to win a title . She was determined to go to the state competition this year . She practiced her talent every day . She worked on her swimsuit competition . When the local pageant came , PERSON won a title .	The girls were primping in front of the mirror . They were all in a local pageant . They filed on stage one by one . They smiled and twirled for the judges . They could n't wait to hear who the winner was !
lost purse	PERSON left early for work one day . She got in her car and started driving down the road . She suddenly realized she had lost her purse ! She turned around and sped home . Turns out , she left her purse right by the door !	PERSON lost her purse one afternoon . She had gone to lunch and thought it might be left at the restaurant . She went back to see if it had been found . The manager handed PERSON her purse back . PERSON was so thankful to the kind stranger !	PERSON was eating for lunch . She did n't have her purse when she went back to work . PERSON thought she left it at the restaurant . She called to verified . They found it and held it for her .
plastic surgery	PERSON does n't like how her stomach looks . She does some research on the internet . She decides on a plastic surgeon . PERSON books her surgery immediately . Now she is proud of her body again .	PERSON had a huge nose which she hated . She felt like no one liked her . She had surgery to reduce the size of her nose . No one liked her after the surgery . She found out that it was n't her nose that people did n't like .	PERSON never liked his nose . He decided to save up money to fix it . Eventually PERSON had plastic surgery . PERSON was pleased with the results . His self esteem went up .
dirty	PERSON was walking home from work . And a homeless man asked him for money . PERSON gave the man a few dollars . But he was uncomfortable with how close the man came to him . PERSON began feeling sick after he arrived home .	Rose the cat fell into the trash can . When she climbed out she was covered in slime . It was too much to lick off . Her owners gave her a bath , which she hated . After that she was clean but very unhappy .	The windows were dirty . The woman cleaned them well . She walked to throw away the cleaning supplies . She heard a loud bang . A bird had ran into the clean window .
the mall	PERSON was looking for a new outfit at the mall . She was very picky and could never find anything . Finally she spotted the most amazing dress ! She tried it on and it fit like a glove . PERSON wore it that night and felt amazing .	I used to work at the mall . It was very noisy in there everyday . I hated how noisy it was so I went looking for a new job . All the other jobs I found were also in the mall . So I guess I 'll have to get used to the noise .	Today I went to the mall . I was going shopping . I went into a bunch of different stores . I could n't find anything I liked . So I left the mall .
history	A man failed a college history class . He learned that the class taught things that were not exactly true . He began to research many historical accounts of facts . He became very knowledgable about history . He learned a lot about the world	History class was always my favorite subject . Most kids would say they liked gym or art . I was always fascinated by the stories in history . I told my old teacher that I want to be a history teacher too . He said that 's a good passion to have .	PERSON was not always a good mom . She was n't in her child 's life for many years . Once they reunited , PERSON wanted to make it right . She apologized and worked hard to build their relationship . It worked and they were close .
summer day	It was a hot summer day for PERSON and her children . So PERSON decided to buy some kiddie pools and set them up . The kids cooled off and played . Other kids who were walking by saw and asked to join them . Soon , all of the neighborhood kids were cooling off at PERSON 's house .	PERSON visited a bakery yesterday . She ordered several black and white cookies for her and her friends . They then went to the park together . Overall , they had a pretty pleasant day . But the cookies were pretty expensive .	I was very bored one summer day . The ice cream truck 's song could be heard down the street . I chased after it to buy some ice cream . I met some other kids at the truck . Now I have friends in my neighborhood to play with .
last minute	I had to go the the store . We needed Easter supplies . My wife and I had been sick all week . The store was out of almost all the Easter stuff . I managed to find just enough stuff .	PERSON 's parents were going out to dinner and needed a babysitter . Their regular babysitter could n't make it because she was sick . The looked online and found a new babysitter that agreed to work . The new babysitter showed up on time and seemed very friendly . Their dinner date was saved !	PERSON forgot to get his girlfriend a card for Valentine 's Day . He ran to the store to pick one up for her . When we go there , the selection was limited . There were only cards for grandma from grandchildren . PERSON bought it anyway and wrote over it for his girlfriend .
filing taxes	Summer was trying to figure out how to file taxes . It was her first year of having a job and it was confusing ! Her dad showed her the way to do it and from there she was fine . She quickly learned it was a pain in the butt . But now she knew how to be a grown up and file taxes .	May worked on a site called LOCATION LOCATION . At the end of the year , she learned she had to file taxes . However , May had no idea how to file taxes on her earnings . May went to a professional to have them assist her . The professional correctly filed her taxes and she felt relieved .	I went to file my yearly taxes last week . The person that usually filed my taxes was n't there . I filed the taxes with someone else . The taxes ended up being filed incorrectly . I called them back and was very upset about this occurrence .
work	PERSON worked and PERSON was his supervisor . PERSON always did his best work . PERSON always did good work . PERSON was mean and would berate PERSON for amusement . PERSON got upset and quit .	PERSON was looking for a part-time job . PERSON searched online for places to work . He noticed a local gas station for hiring for the night shift . PERSON sent his resume on the company 's website . PERSON rejoiced when he landed an interview .	My sister in law is very angry about her job . She is a waitress at an assisted living facility . She asked to take her vacation December 1st . They said no , maybe December 18th . They just told her to wait for the new year .
tie	The man got ready for his date . He asked his friend what he thought . His friend suggested a tie . The man tried one on . He agreed that it looked better that way .	Will wanted to buy a new necktie . Will looked at the selection in his local men 's apparel store . He boiled it down to a paisley tie and a striped tie . Will asked the clerk which one looked best , who suggested the striped . Will felt great when he bought the striped tie .	I got a tie from my step dad . It was polka dotted . I remembered how to tie it from a job I had when I was younger . After putting on my shirt , I tied the tie properly . After checking myself in the mirror , I was proud of my tie knot .
designated driver	PERSON was out with some friends on a Friday night . PERSON was their driver for that night . PERSON noticed PERSON did quite a bit of drinking during the evening . PERSON decided he would abstain from drinking . PERSON then drove everyone - including PERSON - home safely .	PERSON was invited out to the bar . His friends knew he did n't drink . They wanted him to be the designated driver . PERSON felt they just wanted to save on a taxi . He declined their invitation .	PERSON was out with friends . He agreed to be the designated driver . Unfortunately he started to drink . He was too drunk to drive by the end of the night . PERSON wound up calling everyone a taxi instead .
lost mail	PERSON had n't gotten any mail in days . Eventually he heard a knock at the door . It was his neighbor . He got his mail by accident . PERSON got it back and talked to the mailman .	PERSON was late to pay the rent . He told them that he had mailed the check in . The rental place did n't believe him . PERSON had to take in another check in person . He called in to cancel the lost one .	PERSON was expecting a letter from his brother in the military . PERSON waited for a month for the letter , but it never came . PERSON went to the post office to get the letter traced . Unfortunately , there was nothing the post office could do for PERSON . PERSON was deeply saddened by the lost of the letter from his brother .
student	PERSON was a good student . PERSON spent a lot of time studying . PERSON made very good grades as a result . He maintained his good study habits . Now he is about to graduate as the valedictorian .	The student did n't read the assignment . He did it incorrectly . The teacher gave him a failing grade . The student asked for another chance . The teacher refused his request .	PERSON noticed he had trouble reading the chalkboard in class . He moved towards the front and he could read it perfectly . He then visited an eye doctor to ask about this . The doctor diagnosed him with myopia or nearsightedness . PERSON bought glasses and could see perfectly from then on .
PERSON 's new house	PERSON needed to move . I found a house across the street for rent . I went and took pictures of the house for her . She called the landlord . She paid the deposit and will move in next month .	PERSON bought a house . She moved to the new house last week . There was a water leak in the new house . PERSON called the plumber . The plumber fixed the leak .	PERSON does n't like the area she lives in . She 's been looking at real estate listing online . She found a house she really likes in PERSON PERSON , LOCATION . PERSON bought the house site-unseen . When she arrived , the house was in much worse shape than shown .
school project	Harry was in the 3rd grade . He had a project due on Monday . He was supposed to build a model of a LOCATION mission . Harry waited until the last minute and could n't finish in time . He wound up getting a D on his mission project .	PERSON is assigned a project due in a month . He procrastinates until the last minute before starting his project . He calls a good friend over to help him finish his project . They stay up through the night and barely finish on time . PERSON received a mediocre grade due to his poor time management .	PERSON wrote an essay about PERSON PERSON . She dressed as PERSON PERSON , and went to school . She read her presentation in front of the class . The students clapped as she finished her speech . Carol got an A , and put her essay on her refrigerator at home .
dance shoes	Sue was getting ready for dance . As she put on her ballet shoes , her toe popped through . She had to put tape on the toe box . She told her mom what happened . They went shopping for new shoes the next day .	PERSON was about to start a new year of dancing . Her mother made her try on her shoes the day before class started . PERSON 's shoes did n't fit . PERSON 's mother went to town the next day . She bought PERSON a new pair of dance shoes .	Sue needed dance shoes . She went to the dance supply store to buy a pair . When she got there , they were sold out . Sue had to order her shoes . She was happy when they finally came in .
bad trip	PERSON went on vacation with friends . Their hotel room was overbooked . The weather was terrible . PERSON felt like everything was overpriced . He decided to never go back there again .	PERSON was out for a jog . She loved jogging in the woods . As she was jogging however , she ended up tripping . When she tripped she skinned her knee . PERSON had to get a band aid .	PERSON took a long plane flight to LOCATION . Because he sat for most of the trip , he got a pulmonary embolism . When the plane landed PERSON was rushed to the hospital . PERSON survived , but he spent his entire trip in the hospital . PERSON now tells everyone that his was probably his worst vacation .
blow out	While driving on the interstate PERSON had a tire blow out . He was very scared because the blowout was very loud . He was able to safely pull over and stop his car . He then got out to inspect the damage . Luckily he was able to switch to a spare tire and continue his trip .	PERSON was invited for lunch at a friends house . On the way to her friends house one of her tires blew out . PERSON had to put on the spare tire . She arrived at her friends house 1 hour too late . Thankfully her friends saved her some food .	PERSON needed to get a new front tire . He kept putting it off . ONe day he was driving around when it blew out . PERSON almost lost control and crashed . He learned to take better care of his car .
the museum	The family was taking a trip . They were going to a famous history museum . They all wanted to learn as much as they could about history . They took all day going through the exhibits . The museum had taught them a lot !	6 year old PERSON went to the museum with his grandma and sister . He noticed his grandma was doting on his sister . He started to feel very jealous . He did n't even care about the dinosaur exhibit anymore . Instead , he told his grandma that he wanted to go home .	The family walked up the big stone steps with a lot of excitement . They were going to a huge new museum . They explored the exhibits for hours . They were happy they 'd gone to the museum . They were already planning their next visit !
confusion	Our relationship confuses me . We got into another argument . He accused me of not working hard . I explained my computer was being slow . He refused to listen and shut me out .	He said he wished he never met me . He then said he was going to leave me . I believed him and started to cry . He said he made it up and did n't mean it . He said he would never do what he said .	A homeless man approached my car . He asked for some food . I gave him a burger I recently bought . He asked if there 's pickles and I immediately said no . He gave the hamburger back and walked away .
anniversary	PERSON was driving home from work . PERSON 's phone started to vibrate , and ring . His phone was alerting him about an appointment . PERSON saw the notification was his 15th anniversary . He stopped and got a beautiful bouquet for his wife .	This year is my parents ' 25th wedding anniversary . We 've planned them a surprise party . We invited all of their friends . At the end of the party , we 're giving them a present . We all pitched in to get them tickets for a cruise vacation .	PERSON 's anniversary was coming up . She gave hints about the present she wanted . Her husband bought her something else . They argued over the present . PERSON apologized after she thought about it .
a puppy for PERSON	It was PERSON 's birthday and a brightly colored box sat before her . Her parents urged her to open it . She pulled off the lid and let out a squeal of delight . `` A puppy '' she squeaked excitedly reaching into the box . The puppy hopped out and they played together all day long .	PERSON 's husband PERSON wanted to get a puppy for their son , PERSON . PERSON was hesitant . She did n't think PERSON could take care of a puppy . PERSON agreed to help take care of the puppy . PERSON and PERSON decided to get a puppy for PERSON .	PERSON had wanted a pet dog for her whole life . One Christmas , her family told her they had a surprise for her . Her parents opened the door to their room . Inside the room was a puppy ! PERSON was happy to have a dog of her very own .
candy thief	Jean found a box of chocolates on her mom 's dresser . Before long , she had eaten nearly the whole box . Afraid of a scolding , PERSON blamed the candy theft on her brother . PERSON 's parents believed her since the brother was a troublemaker . PERSON listened from her room as her brother was loudly scolded .	PERSON had recently started walking home from school by herself . On her way home she stopped off at the grocery store . Her father happened to be there shopping . She did n't realize he was watching her slink around the store . When she started putting candy in her pockets her dad busted her .	PERSON stole a candy bar from a store . He bragged to his friend 's about stealing it . His friend told his mother . His mother made him return the candy bar to the store . The boy never stole again .
the kiss	PERSON was walking down the street when she saw a handsome guy . She stopped to talk to him and they had a nice chat . They flirted and the guy asked for her phone number . Then he leaned in and kissed her . PERSON had butterflies in her stomach !	PERSON decided to kiss another man behind her boyfriend 's back . One night she snuck outside the bar to meet her lover . The second PERSON 's lover gave her a kiss her boyfriend drove by . PERSON 's boyfriend squealed into the parking lot in front of the two . The boyfriend broke up with PERSON on the spot .	PERSON played basketball on his highschool team . He had a crush on the cheerleader PERSON . One day PERSON made the winning basket . PERSON planted a kiss on his cheek . PERSON got a bloody nose and ran off in embarrassment .
blackout	PERSON and his girlfriend PERSON had just had a fierce argument . They were at a club , and suddenly all the lights went out . The entire neighborhood had lost power , and it might be out for days . PERSON forgot all about the fight while they dealt with the blackout . As inconvenient as it was , PERSON oddly felt a bit grateful .	PERSON recently experienced a very scary experience . PERSON was driving on the way home , when a blackout occurred . PERSON was scared as cars were slamming into one another . However , after two minutes , the lights came back on . PERSON was glad that he made it through the blackout .	The teacher released the kids for recess . They ran towards the playground to start playing . PERSON became too excited and started to skip in the sand . Since she did n't know where she was going , she slammed into a pole . The teacher noticed that she was unconscious .
air purifier	We tried to buy an air purifier . I called the local CVS . The person on the phone said they had them in stock . When we got there they did not have stock . We bought one at Target .	My wife went into a CVS to get a prescription filled . She asked the pharmacy clerk if they sold air purifiers . The clerk said he did not know what an air purifier was . I was amazed that a drugstore did not have such knowledge . I sent an email to cvs corporate .	PERSON could n't stop sneezing . And he could n't figure out why . He thought the air in his room might be causing it . So he bought an air purifier . And soon , his sneezing went away .
the knock	PERSON heard a knock at his front door . He crept to the peephole to see who it was . The mysterious guest looked right into the peephole at PERSON . The guest demanded the door be opened for it was cold . Instead PERSON bolted the door and pressed it closed .	PERSON heard a knock on the door . She was not expecting anyone so she ignored it . The person knocked again . She got dressed and hurried downstairs . When she opened the door , there was a bouquet of roses on her step .	PERSON listened to music well he cleaned . PERSON had the music loud . He heard a knocking on his door . His neighbor told him to lower the music . So PERSON lowered his music .
old house	PERSON decided to buy an old house . He was going to renovate it . Alas , he did n't realize how expensive the renovation would be . It cost him thousands of dollars to fix the house . Luckily , he increase the market value of the house by 300 % .	PERSON was recently looking for a house to purchase . PERSON and his realtor looked at various houses . Finally , PERSON saw a old Victorian house that he fell in love with . PERSON put in an offer , and anxiously waited . PERSON was thrilled when his realtor informed him he got the house .	PERSON went by his old house one day . He grew up in it . He noticed that it had a demolition sign on it . He was upset that his old house was going to be destroyed . PERSON decided to leave and not look back .
the contact	Harry had enough evidence to go forward with the article . Telling him to be careful , his editor gave him the go ahead . Wanting it to be just right , PERSON wrote on it for a week . Harry 's editor proofed the article before publishing it . The next morning his editor 's phone rang off the took .	While PERSON was there , his editor had a visit from a man in dark suit . Harry watched as the man in dark handed his editor a document . Harry knew it had to do with his article about governor 's office . After the man left , PERSON 's editor , PERSON , called him into his office . PERSON was forced to fire Harry .	Harry was an investigative reporter for his local newspaper . He was doing a story on corruption in small town government . During his investigation , PERSON uncovered corruption in his town . Harry had received emails containing proof from an anonymous source . PERSON took his evidence of corruption to his editor .
skiing	PERSON loved extreme sports . It was the winter in LOCATION . PERSON wanted to go skiing . He drove to a ski resort . He went skiing .	PERSON was a very good skier . He had decided to come up and hit the slopes for a weekend . He was flying down all of the hills and trails . PERSON met up with some friends as well and they skied . He had an incredible time that weekend skiing .	One day PERSON and her friends decided to go skiing . First they rode up the hill . Then they skied down it . PERSON was scared at first . But she ended up having a lot of fun !
music	PERSON listened to music his whole life . PERSON thought back to the music he listened to as a young man . He realized his music tastes had changed . He thought deeply about how and why his tastes changed . He realized he enjoyed more complex music in his adulthood .	PERSON loved listening to music . He decided he wanted his life to revolved around music . He studied how to create music . PERSON became a great music producer . PERSON enjoyed a successful career as a music producer .	PERSON had an idea about how to make really cool music . PERSON tried laying a drum track over a classical piece of music . PERSON worked hard on getting the sound just right . PERSON played the music he made at a party . Everybody loved it , dancing to it all night !
air conditioning	Lane relied on a portable air conditioning unit . He lived in a hot climate and the summers were brutal . He would just sit in front of the AC unit all day . One day the overworked air conditioner died . PERSON mourned its loss with sweat on his brow .	I like a cool apartment . My girlfriend prefers a warm apartment . We often argue over the temperature . We agreed to keep it in the middle of our preferences . Now we argue over our preferences .	PERSON 's air conditioning has been broken for awhile now . He was n't sure if he should get it fixed or not , since it 's been cool . He asked me and other friends if there was a cheap way to fix it . None of us really knew but we helped him look around anyway . He ended up getting it fixed a few days later with our help !
PERSON buys a car	Teddy was looking for a new car . He decided to head to the dealership . He wanted to pick out the best one for him . He chose the ford mustang . PERSON was so happy with his new car .	PERSON was in need of his first car . He had saved all his money from working . PERSON went to the dealership . He saw a blue car he just had to have . PERSON ended up buying his brand new blue car .	A man named PERSON needed a new car . He looked on craigslist and found an affordable one . He contacted the seller and made plans to meet him . He arrived , and traded cash for the car . He got into the car and it was in pretty good shape .
she said yes	PERSON had known his girlfriend PERSON for 5 years . PERSON was madly in love and wanted to get married . He wanted to propose but was afraid of being turned down . He got brave and asked PERSON to marry him on their anniversary . PERSON was so happy and she accepted the proposal !	PERSON was getting very nervous because he wanted to propose . He had been with his girlfriend for a few years . But he wanted to be her husband . So he got her down on one knee and asked her . She said yes right away and started to cry .	PERSON had been working up the nerve to ask PERSON out . Finally he saw her walking . He yelled over to her . He asked her to lunch . To his delight she said yes .
new speakers	PERSON really needed new speakers . She immediately went to LOCATION to look . As she pursued the store , there was nothing she liked . Finally she loved a black one she saw . She immediately purchased it .	PERSON drove an old car . It had a terrible stereo system . PERSON saved up to upgrade it . He got new speakers and woofers . It was old but it sounded great .	PERSON did n't know why his new speakers did n't work . He tried everything to find a solution . Eventually he called to have someone come check . It turns out he never plugged them in . He thought they were wireless .
comedian	PERSON has always had a knack to make people laugh . His friend entered him into a local talent show . PERSON was nervous and was n't sure about standing in front of a crowd . PERSON practiced telling his jokes in front of his co workers . He won first place and was invited to appear on a national talk show .	PERSON loved laughing . She loved making other people laugh even more . She always tried to make people laugh at home and school . She would try to come up with new and funnier jokes . Now she is a popular comedian .	Everyone was always laughing at what PERSON said . At first he was offended , or felt excluded and hurt . But as he got older , he saw his advantage . He went to amateur comedy nights and the crowd loved him ! PERSON knew his true calling was to be a comedian !
comics	PERSON wanted to go buy some new comics . He searched around for good comic stores in his town . He unfortunately could n't find any stores . He asked me if I know of any , and I gave him one . He went the next day and bought his comics .	PERSON loved to read comics . He would read many every day . One day , he walked into a comic store . He stayed for hours and finally found a new comic . PERSON was able to purchase the comic and read it .	PERSON loved comic books . He read them all the time as a kid . He had a large collection of them . One day he decided to sell his collection . It ended up being over $ 5000 .
the bug	PERSON kept getting things delivered that he wanted but never ordered . He would often pay for them because they were things he liked . He could n't understand how this was happening . One day while painting he discovered a bug placed by a retail company . He kept it there because it was easier than searching online !	PERSON felt something crawling across her leg . She saw a huge bug ! She jumped up and swatted at it . The bug scurried under her couch . PERSON stood on the table until someone could come smash the bug .	PERSON did n't like his Volkswagen Beetle . He hoped his mother would buy him a sports car . But he picked up his girlfriend in his Beetle and she liked it . She said she liked the feeling of vibrating seats beneath her . Suddenly , the experience of driving a Beetle was n't so bad .
bees	PERSON was scared of bees ! One night a bee got into her room . She yelled and ran out quickly . She made her dad go in and get rid of the bee . Only then would I go back in her room .	I was at a picnic one day . Suddenly a bee stung me . My arm began to swell . A doctor said I was allergic to bees . I had not known that before .	We had a six year old boy living upstairs from us . He played with my son outdoors . One day he started running . He was being chased by bees . His mother said he got four bites .
new keyboard	PERSON got a new iPad . As a result she needed a keyboard . She found a cheap one online . As soon as she connected it it worked perfectly . PERSON was so happy .	PERSON was used to using the virtual keyboard to type on her iPad . Yet she was finding it not usefully for writing essays . PERSON then proceeded to buy an actual Bluetooth keyboard . She looked through every store but could n't find the right one . Finally she found the perfect keyboard on LOCATION .	PERSON was in a band . PERSON played the keyboards . He was about to play a show tonight . PERSON 's keyboard would not function properly . PERSON had to go to the store to purchase a new one .
too much salt	PERSON was very careful to follow the recipe while making cupcakes . They were for Mother 's Day so he wanted them to be perfect . He tried one after they were all iced to make sure they were okay . But they were n't ! He accidentally put in 1 cup of salt instead of 1 tablespoon !	PERSON ordered fries from her favorite burger joint . The fries came hot and fresh . When she took bite she spit it out . The fries were way too salty . PERSON was able to get a full refund .	PERSON was eating fast food . He wanted more salt on his fries . He used a salt shaker . The top was loose and fell open . PERSON fries were completely covered in salt .
bad luck	PERSON liked to play the slots in LOCATION LOCATION . Today he hoped to hit the jackpot . He played his favorite machine all day , but did n't win . He eventually had to get something to eat , he walked away . With his back turned , he heard bells and cheers , he never turned back .	PERSON was driving home from work . He had just purchased a brand new car the day before . PERSON heard a loud thump . He pulled over to look at his car . His car had a flat tire with a nail in it .	The teacher handed our test packets . I realized that I studied for the wrong material . However , I tried to answer the questions . The next day , the teacher gave us our test grades . She told me that I failed .
drill	PERSON was in the garage building a shelf . He reached down for his tools but felt nothing . He looked down , confused , only to find nothing at his feet . He realized that he forgot his drill inside the house . He left the garage , feeling silly about his absent mindedness .	PERSON went on an archaeology trip with his grad class . The grad students dug and drilled through shale and limestone . They tracked all their findings carefully . PERSON 's digging yielded an ancient dinosaur fossil ! The other grad students were so jealous of his find !	Carol loved to drill things . She liked it so much that she bought her own drill . One day , her drill stopped working . Carol even tried another battery . After many hours , PERSON was forced to go to the store and buy another .
PERSON loses his wallet	PERSON is in the grocery store shopping for food . When he gets to the cashier to pay for his stuff . He ca n't find his wallet . PERSON looks all over the store for his wallet . He ca n't find the wallet and leaves the food there .	PERSON was out with some friends at a baseball game . He was having a great time enjoying the game . He got hungry and decided to get some Nacho 's . He walks up to the stand and Order 's Nacho 's . He reaches for his wallet and ca n't find it !	PERSON was out partying one night . He was having a great time . He was also drinking a little too much . Lloyd reached for his wallet to pay his tab . Lloyd could n't believe it was n't there !
street fight	PERSON was easily goaded into fights . He got into one with random strangers on the street . PERSON jumped right in . He was severely beat up and hurt . He stopped getting into as many fights after that .	PERSON was standing outside of a bar . He saw two guys getting into a fight . One was beating up the other . PERSON yelled out for them to stop . They did n't listen to him .	PERSON was drinking on his yard . He was listening to music . His neighbor told him it was too loud . PERSON was annoyed by it . He almost got into a fight over it .
birthday card	It was my brother 's birthday . I went to the store to look for a card . I could n't find one because they were so tacky . I decided to buy the dorkiest one I could find . I went to my brother 's house and gave him the card .	Today was PERSON 's sister 's birthday . PERSON had only realized this thanks to Facebook . PERSON quickly set out to buy a card at the store . But they were out of birthday cards ! PERSON gave her a thank you card instead .	PERSON was looking for a birthday card for his mom . He did not have enough money . He realized that he could n't buy a card . He decided to draw one instead . His mother ended up loving it .
sandals	PERSON got a twenty percent off coupon in the mail for sandals . She went to the store and picked out the ones she liked best . She got home and was emailed that they were on sale somewhere else . She took the sandals back to the store for a refund . And when she got home she ordered the same ones for $ 12 less .	PERSON was going to the beach . As he was getting ready he saw that his dog chewed up his sandals . PERSON was angry . PERSON got ready and went to the store to get sandals . PERSON went to the beach and had a good time .	PERSON wanted a new pair of sandals . Her mother told her no . PERSON decided to get a job to pay for them herself . She finally saved up enough . PERSON was excited to be able to buy her own sandals .
telescope	I brought out my old telescope . I saw a brighter spot in the sky . I looked in the viewer . I could make out individual stars . It is crazy how many there are .	PERSON loved to look at the stars at night . On a clear night , she would bring her telescope on a high hill . She could all the astrological signs and point out a few planets . On this night , she peered through her telescope and saw a flash . It was a shooting star .	One time , my friend showed me his really cool telescope . We looked at planets and stars at night . I saw him a few days later and asked if I could look through it again . He told me that he sold it to a friend . I was disappointed , but I found out my parents bought it for me .
alone time	PERSON took a trip to the ocean . He pulled up to the top of a cliff . He sat on the hood of his car as he stared out . This was his favorite place to be alone . He closed his eyes as he listened to the waves .	The baby girl began to fuss . Daddy rocked her and began to sing . Eventually , she fell asleep and Daddy put her down . Before long , Daddy and Mommy were sharing a glass of wine . Happily , they sat holding hands and reminiscing .	PERSON loves to go to LOCATION LOCATION often . He never went to gamble . He went because he liked to attend performances . Sometimes his brother would tag along . Usually it was just PERSON though and that 's how he liked it .
target	PERSON cocked her gun and aimed . She pulled the trigger and the bullet hit her target . PERSON looked intently at the bullet holes . They were all far apart from the center . PERSON realized she needed more practice .	PERSON loves to go to Target . She spends a lot of money there . She decided to make a Target budget . Now she goes to Target with a list . She has a lot more money now !	PERSON was shooting in target practice . He aimed steadily , but his arrows always missed . His instructor told him to practice more . PERSON complied , practicing often . Soon he was an excellent shot !
helpful	When we got divorced , my husband moved out . The neighbor saw him moving and got his phone number . One day he showed up at my door . He asked if everything was ok . He offered to mow my lawn for free .	PERSON was at Macy 's buying shoes . He handed the lady his credit card . He signed the slip , grabbed his bag and left . As he was leaving the cashier called to him . The kind employee brought PERSON his credit card he left behind .	My son went outside to play . A few hours after he came back in , my neighbor came over . He said he wanted to tell me how helpful my son was . He told me how he helped him rake leaves on his lawn . I went and found my kid and told him how proud I was .
boots	PERSON said she would turn in her gear if she did n't get some boots . She was sick of being the only one on scene without proper PPE . The Chief told her to go buy a pair and he 'd reimburse her . PERSON bought a really nice pair of tactical response boots . The chief paid the bill and mused his feet could probably fit in them .	PERSON found a lovely pair of boots online . She ordered them right away . She was so excited to get them and wear them ! But when they arrived , they were too small . PERSON reluctantly returned them for a new pair .	I started cleaning out my closet . I found my favorite boots in the bottom of the pile of shoes . I put them on , and realized they did n't fit my calves anymore . I resolved to lose weight and fit into them again . Two months later , they fit perfectly .
new clothes	Angel got a big bonus for all of her hard work at her job . She decided to treat herself , but was n't sure how . She chose to go shopping . She wanted new clothes anyhow . She went online and found a few outfits she liked and bought them .	PERSON had just lost a lot of weight . He had shed 50 pounds through diet and exercise . He went to the mall to buy new clothes . He bought a new shirt and pants . His girlfriend thought he looked great in his new clothes .	PERSON was cleaning her closet last week . She noticed she had almost no new clothes . It made her sad . She felt poor and worthless . She closed the closet door rather than finish cleaning .
casserole	PERSON did n't know what to cook for dinner . She had a lot of odd leftovers , so she had an idea . She put them all together into a casserole . Then she baked everything under a layer of cheese . PERSON 's family loved her `` leftover casserole '' !	PERSON made a casserole to take to her work potluck . When the time for the potluck came , everyone was eager to eat . They all took some of the casserole and ate it . Everyone complimented PERSON 's cooking . Now PERSON brings the same casserole to every potluck .	I sent my friend a thank you gift . A few weeks later , she posted a picture on facebook . It was a picture of a lasane in the pan I had sent her . It said PERSON 's Kickasserole on the side . She posted how much she loved the dish .
calendar	PERSON needed a new calendar . The only issue was he had no money . Brown then quickly found a job . After a couple of hours , he had enough money . Now , PERSON was able to purchase a calendar .	PERSON celebrated the new year . He had a really great party . It hit him he needed a new calendar . The next day he bought one on the way to work . He was so excited for it .	It was late in the year . I had many clients to talk to . I ran out of dates in my calendar . I found a new one in the closet . I filled more dates on my new calendar .
cough	PERSON got a cough . She ignored it for a while . It worsened , so she had to seek medical assistance . The doctor said she had pneumonia . PERSON was very glad she had sought help !	PERSON had a bad cough . It lasted for weeks , so he went to see a doctor about it . The doctor examined PERSON and said he had a bacterial infection . He prescribed PERSON some medication . After a few weeks of taking it , PERSON 's cough was gone !	PERSON had a nasty cough . He tried to cover his mouth but it was too late . He apologized to everyone near him . They forgave PERSON for his mistake . PERSON kept his hand close to his mouth in case it happened again .
PERSON 's school	PERSON is not doing good in school . He ca n't seem to sit still and stop talking . His teacher feels hopeless to deal with PERSON . PERSON 's mom decides to home-school him instead . Now he is learning a lot of new things .	PERSON was in middle school . Every day , she walked three miles to school . One day , PERSON decided she did n't want to walk anymore . PERSON went to the store and bought a bike . From then on , PERSON biked to school .	PERSON attended a school where there was a terrible shooting . She and the other students were still afraid to attend school . Their parents discussed how to make the school safer . They met with the school principal and outlined their safety ideas . PERSON felt better knowing that the adults were trying to make them safe .
quiz	Sue knew there was going to be a quiz . She forgot to study . When she got to class , she tried to study . However , she did not have time to study enough . Sue failed her quiz and her average dropped .	I was up last night playing video games . Now I have to take a quiz that I did n't study for . I 'm not sure how I am going to pass the quiz . I just guess the answers on the quiz . Somehow I pass the quiz .	PERSON needed to do well on his quiz . He went home the night before and studied all night . He did not watch any TV or play games . The morning of the quiz , he crammed . And he did great on the quiz !
camp	PERSON loved space . For her tenth birthday she got a lovely gift . Her parents sent her to space camp ! PERSON was in paradise for 2 whole weeks ! It was the best gift she had ever gotten .	PERSON 's parents sent him to summer camp for a week last summer . When PERSON first got to camp he did n't know anyone , and he was scared . As the week went on he made friends and started to have fun . At the end of the week PERSON was sad to go home . He could n't wait for camp next summer .	PERSON went to a sailing camp near the ocean . In the mornings she played games on the land . In the afternoons she did activities on the water . She learned to sail a boat by herself . She had a fantastic four weeks that completely exhausted her .
fourth of july	Brent bought some fireworks for the Fourth of July . He knew not to shoot them off in the city , but he did anyway . A bottle rocket that Brent had launched landed on a neighbor 's roof . The roof caught fire , and the neighbor 's house was destroyed . Brent was upset , and felt that he deserved to be punished .	PERSON was very patriotic . He loved the fourth of July . He always threw a big party . This year he had a big barbecue and fireworks display . His friends and family really enjoyed it .	Carlie bought sparklers from a fireworks tent on the Fourth of July . She waited until it was dark outside . Carlie went outside in her driveway . She lit a sparkler . Carlie twirled around making designs with the sparkler .
bad roommate	At the age of 31 , PERSON got her first roommate . PERSON found the roommate on Craigslist . They lived together in their apartment for six weeks . The roommate suddenly said she was moving out at the end of the week . PERSON will never go on Craigslist for a roommate again .	PERSON has a terrible roommate . She was always very mean . PERSON was sick of it . She decided to move in with me . Now she is very happy !	PERSON could n't afford her rent so she placed an ad for a roommate . PERSON answered the ad and the two hit it off instantly . A week later , PERSON noticed that some of her clothes were missing . She saw PERSON in her room going through her closet . She kicked PERSON out and found a new roommate .
married	PERSON was nervous and happy . He was getting married . He was was sweating because he was afraid he would be a bad husband . He saw her walk down the aisle and the nerves were gone . He said I do and kissed her .	PERSON just got married to the love of her life . She is so happy because she never thought she 's find love . She has all these plans to have kids with her husband . They just returned from the honeymoon ! She 's now ready to start a family with her new husband !	PERSON 's mom and her boyfriend go on a trip to LOCATION . Once there , PERSON 's mom calls her . She informs PERSON that she and her boyfriend are getting married . PERSON is not convinced this is a good idea . A few Years later , her mom divorces him .
the sunglasses	PERSON had bought a new pair of sunglasses . He put them on the trunk of his car as he got in . PERSON forgot the sunglasses were on the trunk . As he pulled away the sunglasses fell off the car . The sunglasses were badly ruined .	Jasmine was squinting in the sun . She pulled out her sunglasses to make it more comfortable to see . The lens fell out of her glasses ! She tried to pop it back in but it kept falling back out . Jasmine was so frustrated she threw her glasses .	PERSON received a pair of sunglasses as a gift . He thought that they were the best gift he had ever gotten . PERSON showed off the sunglasses wherever he went . People started to think that he liked the sunglasses too much . No one hangs out with PERSON any more .
first snowfall	I woke up unusually early this morning . The sun was just starting to rise . In the darkness , I saw the first snowfall of the year . The huge flakes were falling slowly and beautifully . I savored the moment while my two children slept nearby .	It was the first snowfall of the year . Schools were closed as were some businesses . PERSON got to stay home with his kids . He felt like a big kid himself as he sledded with his young sons . It was a great way to feel young again .	PERSON had heard snow forecast that December day . She rushed home from school , hoping to play in it . Happily , the flakes began to flutter down around five PM . PERSON and her neighbors got to frolic in it for hours ! Then they went in for dinner , eager to warm up !
dilemma	PERSON was very sick but had an assignment due soon . He needed to take medication . The medication always made him sleep . PERSON decided not to take the medication . He finished his assignment but was bedridden for a whole week .	My dog was trying to climb a tree . He barking ferociously at the base . On his hind legs , he pawed at it over and over . Up high on a limb sat a cat . She did n't know how to get down .	PERSON was a talented flute player . The lead flute player in the local orchestra was sick . PERSON was asked to fill in . PERSON filled in admirably . PERSON became world renown because of his performance .
the sushi	Hugo loved all foods . He recently tried raw fish . Someone told him to avoid due to possible disease . Hugo ignored him . Unfortunately , some sushi had a parasite and he got sick .	PERSON was very picky . His wife convinced him to try sushi for the first time . He took one bite and spit it out . PERSON could n't stand the taste of it ! He went home and ate Mac and CHeese .	The couple loved trying new foods . They went to the new sushi place in town . The food was excellent ! They tried things they had never had before . It was a great experience .
old sofa	PERSON needed a sofa for his apartment . And he saw one at a yard sale . He bought it despite its worn appearance . But after using it for a few weeks , PERSON felt sick . He ended up throwing it away and buying a clean new sofa .	PERSON wanted a new sofa . She went out and purchased a new living room set . When the new furniture was delivered she moved out the old sofa . PERSON stored the old sofa in the garage and made a craigslist ad . After two months someone bought the old sofa and PERSON was happy .	PERSON really loved his old sofa . It was soft and squishy in the right ways . His girlfriend and other friends did n't . They thought it was lumpy and smelled bad . Eventually they convinced him to get a new one .
christmas time	PERSON lives far away from her family . She sees them very rarely . PERSON wants to visit home for Christmas , but ca n't afford to travel . One day , PERSON gets an envelope in the mail . It 's a plane ticket her parents bought for her to come home .	It was Thanksgiving day . The PERSON happily ate their meal . Then they cleaned up the mess . When the PERSON finished cleaning they sat down to watch some TV . That 's when they realized that Christmas was taking over other months !	Jeff and Connie are getting their home ready for Christmas . This year they have decided to buy a real tree . They are very excited about decorating it together . Once the tree is decorated they will put presents under it . On Christmas day they will show off the tree and hand out the presents
the stroller	PERSON had saved her money for months . She wanted to buy a very expensive stroller for her new baby . The mailman dropped it off just a few days before she delivered . PERSON could n't wait to push her baby around in it ! She was even more anxious to give birth .	PERSON bought a surprise for his wife . It was a really fancy stroller ! When she saw it , she cried . She could n't wait to push her baby around in it ! It was a very thoughtful gift .	PERSON always walks her daughter to school . She is usually pushing her son in his stroller during their walks . One day the stroller broke and she could n't use it anymore . She remembered seeing a new stroller at the store down the street . Luckily it did n't cost much so she bought it right away .
wrong address	PERSON was watching television at home . All of a sudden someone knocked at the door . PERSON was n't expecting company . The person at the door was delivering pizza . PERSON told them they had the wrong address and sent them off .	I was looking for an address in a small town . It was evening . I walked down the street . Someone chased me in their car . I ran to my car quickly .	PERSON was expecting a package in the mail . He waited patiently for weeks . One day he decided to call the post office . He spoke with the worker and was told that his package was lost ! PERSON was able to get a refund after making a complaint to the store .
wet pants	I went for a jog in the park . I rested on a bench . It was wet . My pants now had an embarrassing mark on the bottom . I hoped no one would notice as I made my way back to my car .	PERSON was on a school field trip to the pool . When it was time to go home he found his clothes all wet . With no choice , he put the wet clothes on . During the bus ride home he was so uncomfortable . Luckily he got home shortly and changed .	PERSON had gone to the grocery store . It was raining out . PERSON 's pants got soaked . PERSON returned from the store . She put her jeans in the dryer .
discovery	One day a scientist was trekking through the jungle . He found tripped over a mossy log . He got up and looked at the log . He saw some little ants crawling on the log . What luck , they were a new species of ants !	I helped my friend Have move out of his home . I helped sell his stuff on eBay . While cleaning , he found condoms in his teenage daughter 's room . He had an argument with her . I left the house while they were fighting .	The paleontologist slowly trekked along the riverside . He noticed the subtle changes in the sediment . The rocks slowly changed in frequency and type . An odd piece of stone caught his eye . He knew he was looking at a very large bone .
grammar	PERSON was a great student in school . PERSON wanted to work as a writer . He applied for several writing jobs . PERSON was not hired and his lack of grammar was cited as the reason . PERSON worked on his grammar and eventually was hired as a writer .	The grammar teacher said that sentences should not start with but . PERSON asked her why . She said that it looked uneducated . PERSON asked her why . She said because sentences should not start with but .	One day , a grammar nazi was patrolling facebook . She commented on all her friend 's posts saying their grammar was bad . Her friends were angry . They reported her to facebook . Her account got deleted as a result .
PERSON takes a trip	PERSON had always wanted to visit LOCATION . At first he was afraid to go there . Eventually PERSON decided he needed to try new things . He boarded the plane to LOCATION . Once in LOCATION , PERSON was very happy .	PERSON decides it has been too long since he has taken a vacation . He decides to visit his cousin in LOCATION . When he arrives there , they go on a few hikes . PERSON enjoys his vacation in LOCATION . He is glad that he got to take a vacation .	PERSON wanted to visit her friend in LOCATION . Sandy looked at web sites for airplane tickets . She found a good deal on a trip the next month . PERSON purchased the tickets and prepared for the trip . PERSON and her friend had a wonderful time during her visit .
speed	PERSON was learning how to drive . And he enjoyed going fast . One day , he sped through a neighborhood . But he almost ran over a dog . PERSON decided not to speed anymore .	PERSON liked fast cars . He enjoyed the feeling of high speed on back roads . He traded in his Civic for a new Porsche . He floored the accelerator pedal going around a tight turn on a hill . The police discovered the demolished car at the bottom of the hill .	John and PERSON were coworkers . They shared a cubicle wall . Terry noticed PERSON was a fast worker . PERSON asked PERSON for tips . PERSON advised PERSON to try and move the mouse faster .
raccoon	There was a frightful noise outside of PERSON 's window . She peeked carefully out of the window . In the moonlight she spied two yellow eyes . She almost screamed . It was only a raccoon in the garbage can .	There was a noise in the garage . I went to check it out , it was very dark . I grabbed the flashlight and looked around . I saw two glowing eyes looking back at me ! It was just a baby raccoon , but boy did it scare me at first .	PERSON was always scared at night . And he had trouble sleeping . One night , he heard his garage can get knocked over . And he looked out his window to see what is was . He was scared all night because he never saw the raccoon that did it .
figure skating	The skaters got onto the ice . It was their last chance for a medal . They began their routine . The couple nailed every move flawlessly . The scores were announced and they had won gold !	PERSON loved watching figure skating . PERSON dreamed of watching figure skating live . PERSON saw a flyer where former skaters were holding an event . PERSON decided to purchase a ticket to the figure skating event . PERSON could not wait to see the skaters at the event .	PERSON was in the skating finals . She was very good , but knew she had to focus . She skated out on the ice . PERSON skated beautifully , hitting all of her tricks . PERSON got perfect tens and won .
card games	PERSON played cards last night with her husband . She beat him every round . Her husband was discouraged and got tired of the game . They decided to play something else . Her husband won a few times and felt better .	PERSON was a big fan of card games . He went to tournaments to win money . In this particular one , there were great players everywhere . He tried his best shot . He lost in the 5th round out of 30 .	PERSON collected trading cards . She brought her collection with her to school . She found some people already playing a card game . She traded some of her cards for some of them . The people playing the game became her new friends .
not so fast	PERSON wanted to go visit her boyfriend . Her parents said no . PERSON asked again . They again refused . Just as she was going to sneak out , they caught her .	The police were called to the scene of a domestic robbery . When they arrived , no one was in sight . They spotted someone running down the intersecting street . They suspected the phone call was a distraction ! A police officer running late was able to catch the fleeing man .	PERSON 's husband got signed to the nba . PERSON was so happy . So they went and bought a mansion . Then her husband was let go . The couple panicked and the home had to go to the bank .
worms	One day , LOCATION took his cat Dot to the vet . When the vet examined Dot , he found that she had worms . The vet sent LOCATION home with worm medication to give to Dot . LOCATION dutifully gave Dot her medication every day for a week . After the week was up , Dot was cured of her worms .	I went fishing with my dad one day . As we had our fishing rods ready , he pulled out a tackle box . I held my rod , and he pulled out several worms ! I was so scared that I ran away . I vowed never to fish again !	PERSON hated to fish . She did not like worms . Her husband really wanted her to like fishing . He bought her fake worms to use . Now they both love fishing together .
the picky cat	The PERSON family adopted a cat . Once they brought the cat home he would not eat . They tried all different types of cat food . The family started pouring gravy on the cat 's food . The cat would now eat his cat food .	PERSON had a pet cat named Toughie that only ate wet food . Every time he tried to give Toughie dry food the cat would n't eat . One time PERSON tried mixing the two together but it did n't work . PERSON was just far too intelligent and far too picky . PERSON wound up spending a small fortune on cat food for Toughie .	PERSON 's cat Dusty was a very picky eater . She kept trying different foods , but he did n't like any of them . One day , she decided to try giving him some wet food . When she opened the can , Dusty ran to the bowl with excitement . PERSON discovered Dusty 's favorite food was canned wet food !
risk	PERSON had been looking forward to game night all week . He and his brother were getting together to play Risk . They played for two hours and it was a very close game . In the end PERSON was able to capture all of his brother 's armies . PERSON won the five dollars they had bet on the game .	PERSON was drinking milk . But she noticed that it tasted odd . She looked at her milk carton to see the expiration date . And it expired two days ago . She figured nothing bad would happen and kept drinking .	The man took a risk . It turned out well . He took more risks in the future . They continued to go well . He called himself lucky .
the robber	The police were looking for an armed suspect who robbed the neighbors . Frantically , PERSON locked all of his doors . He made sure to locate his firearm and the nearest phone . PERSON hid out in his house for most of the day , scared to leave . Eventually PERSON called the police to confirm the robber was caught .	PERSON needed money for his drug addiction . He decided to break into a local grocery store after dark . At night , he snuck up to the building with a hammer . As soon as he hit the window with the hammer , an alarm went off . PERSON ran home , fearing being arrested .	PERSON was going to a hotel in a foreign country . He decided to stop and get some food . While PERSON was eating he noticed a man in a mask . The man in the mask came up to PERSON and robbed him . PERSON ran to his hotel and called the police .
hit by a car	It was my friend 's first time visiting LOCATION . In LOCATION the cars have the right of way , not pedestrians . She did n't realize this and was walking confidently one day . As she crossed the road , a car smacked right into her . The driver started yelling at her and in the future she paid attention .	PERSON was hit by a car while crossing the street . Then the car sped off ! Luckily , a witness had seen it all . The cops tracked down the driver that hit PERSON . She was arrested and thrown in jail .	PERSON was walking home from school one day . Suddenly he heard tires screeching behind him . Things went black and then he woke up in the hospital . He was sore all over but mostly okay . Luckily the driver who hit him had turned themselves in .
stalker	I was on duty at my work when i noticed someone staring at me . I did n't mind him but the day after that i saw him again . I called the attention of the security and reported him . They talked to the guy and he leaved . I feel safe at my work but i 'm nervous when i 'm outside .	PERSON was jogging at a park . He felt a strange presence . PERSON quickly turns around . He seen someone looking at him and following him . PERSON went to his car and went back home ASAP .	I really like PERSON . I snuck into his house one night while he was asleep . I hid in his closet and watched him breathe . My heart began to beat so fast . I quietly left out his window .
the pasta	The kids were going to cook dinner on their own . They made their favorite pasta dish . They carefully stirred the sauce into the pasta . They put it in the oven to melt the cheese . They could n't wait to eat !	PERSON was cooking pasta for supper . He walked away while the pasta was cooking and forgot about it . The pasta came out sticky and too soft . PERSON decided to make another pot of pasta . He watched this pot and it came out perfect .	PERSON loved to eat Italian food . He would eat pasta every day . He started dating a girl that was a great cook . She made him a great pasta dish . PERSON ate so much of the pasta he felt sick !
the woods	PERSON just bought a new Jeep . She was excited to go exploring off road . She has n't taken it yet because of bad weather and timing . She 's hoping this weekend will be when she finally does . She says that every weekend	PERSON loved hiking in the woods . Last week she decided to go late at night . It was scary being all alone . She did n't feel safe . But the beauty of the night stars was worth it .	I was walking through the woods today . I happened to stumble upon a tree with something sticking out of it . Come to find out what was sticking out of it was a metal tap . A tap is used for collecting sap that comes from maple trees . I could even see sap dripping into buckets below the taps .
poker game	PERSON was playing poker with his friends . They were loud and making too much noise . PERSON and his friends left a mess in the kitchen . PERSON 's wife was upset at the noise and mess . She did n't let them have poker at their house for months .	PERSON was playing poker with his friends . He was n't having any luck . PERSON lost forty dollars . PERSON 's wife found out he lost all the money . PERSON 's wife fussed at him .	PERSON was playing poker with her friends at her house tonight . They gambled for pocket change but took it pretty competitively . PERSON was up against her best friend PERSON as the last two standing . PERSON went all in and won the game on a pair of twos . PERSON bought pizza for all her friends with the money that she won .
the forest	PERSON and her sister live near a wooded area . They call it `` The Forest '' . Both girls were always scared to play in the woods . Today , they were brave and went into the woods . Both girls had a great time running around the trees .	PERSON has fond memories of the forest when he was a child . He would often return to his parents home and visit the forest . Fall was often his favorite time to be there in the forest . He eventually bought a house with its own woods . PERSON tries to relive those memories to no avail .	PERSON 's company had a retreat they called The Forest . PERSON took his family there for spring vacation . They stayed in a log cabin looking out over a lake . They fished , took walks and even played golf . They all agreed that they would like to return the next year .
stuck in traffic	PERSON was stuck in heavy traffic after work . With nothing to do , he listened to music for an hour . When he could finally move his car , an accident happened . He had to listened to another hour of music . When he arrived home , he ate in silence .	PERSON was on his way to work . He had to get there quickly . But he was stuck in traffic . It was taking forever . Finally he had enough .	PERSON left work early to beat the holiday traffic . It seems like everyone else had the same idea . PERSON was stuck in traffic as soon as he got on the freeway . He probably saw over 5 accidents within 30 minutes of driving . PERSON finally got home 2 hours later .
tangled hair	My hair was really tangled this morning . I went to the store and bought a better brush . I brushed out my hair . It really hurt . But now my hair looks nice .	PERSON woke up one morning and began getting dressed . She was trying to do her hair but it was horribly tangled . She tried combing it but to no avail , so she got some coconut oil . With the help of the oil , she slowly undid all of the tangles . Finally , her hair looked nice and clean .	PERSON 's hair was badly tangled . She was trying to gingerly comb through it but it was stuck . Then she decided to apply some coconut oil . Luckily , this helped her to break up the knots some . Soon she was able to untangle all of her hair .
new dog	PERSON wanted a dog . He had asked his mother and father for one and they said yes . PERSON went to the animal shelter to look for a dog . He found a cute new puppy and took the dog home . PERSON named the dog Rufus .	My fiance and I got a new puppy last month , a Beagle we named PERSON . I named her after our favorite wrestler , but she has been very bad . We later found out Beagles are very stubborn and hard to train . PERSON is still very rambunctious and pees everywhere ! It 's a lot of hard work , but we love her a lot and will keep trying .	PERSON 's parents bought a new dog . The dog did not seem to like PERSON . The dog would bark and scratch him . PERSON complained about the dog . They end up bringing the dog back .
grape	Tony choke on a piece of grape . He tried to dislodge it but could n't . As he had difficulty breathing he went to the hospital . He waited for three hours before seeing a doctor . When it was his turn , the grape finally went down .	PERSON hated eating grapes a lot . He had not eaten them since he was a kid . One day , he went to a vineyard . He saw so many grapes that he had to eat one . After that , PERSON started to enjoy eating grapes every day .	I told my husband how much I loved grape hard candies . One day he came home with a grape flavored swirled lollipop . I ate it all that night . I told him how much I loved it . He gave me the address for the store , and I vowed to purchase more .
the loss	PERSON joined the army as a way to land a Government job . But he did n't know his left leg would land 100 yards from his body . On a search mission in LOCATION he stepped out a jeep to talk with people . The people ran away ! A bomb exploded and PERSON lost his left log .	The American team was stunned . They had just lost their game . They were expected to win by a lot . The athletes were all very disappointed . They vowed to win next year .	PERSON had an uncle who was very sick . She went to visit him to say her final goodbye . With a tear in her eye she told him how much she cared . Later on he passed away peacefully . PERSON was sad but knew he was no longer in pain .
the dryer	PERSON had a lot of laundry to do . He put the wet clothes in the dryer and pushed Start . Nothing happened ! The dryer was broken . PERSON had to hang his clothes on the clothesline .	PERSON was frustrated . Her dryer was n't drying her clothes . She ran it for several cycles . She gave up and hung the clothes on the clothes line . PERSON hoped the dryer would be a cheap fix .	One day Grandma noticed the dryer was n't drying the clothes properly . She called the repair man and told him what was going on . The repair man came out to her house . He looked at the dryer and discovered it was broken . He fixed her dryer and grandma was happy .
lemon	PERSON had bought a new car . Within a week , the car developed engine trouble . The car was still under warrantee . PERSON brought the car back to the dealership . The dealership allowed him to exchange the car .	I had a glass of water . I thought it tasted bland . I opened my refrigerator . I found a lemon in the door . I squeezed lemon into my water .	The man sliced the lemon . He squeezed it into the drink . He tasted the drink . He enjoyed it . He guzzled the rest of the drink .
weeds	PERSON 's garden was full of weeds . He decided today was the day to pull them out . Many hours were spent in the hot sun . PERSON 's back started to hurt . Seeing the garden at the end made it all worth it .	The man put poison on the weeds . The weeds did not die . The man tried another poison . Some of the weeds died . The man decided to pull the rest of the weeds by hand .	There were clumps of weeds all along the garden path . PERSON was tired of pulling them out , because they just grew back . One day he had an idea . He got some sidewalk chalk and began to draw busily . When he stood up , there was a row of chalk people with weeds for hair .
phone	PERSON spent a lot of time on her cell phone . She lost many friends due to her cell phone use . She often would read on her cell phone during trips out . One day , she dropped her cell phone and cracked the screen . She was depressed until she could save enough for a new phone .	The phone started ringing . I went to pick it up . It stopped before I got there . There was a message for me . I listened to the message .	The man heard his phone ring . He did n't know where it was . He followed the sound . He found his phone . He could not answer it in time .
waste	PERSON wanted to learn how to draw . But he kept getting distracted . His friend asked him to play video games . And they ended up playing the whole day . PERSON regret wasting the whole day .	PERSON and her sister bought crab legs . They cooked them for the family dinner . The kids were picking over the crab legs . They left a lot of crab in their shells . The kids were not be allowed to eat crab legs again .	PERSON thought he was hungry . So he prepared a large meal for himself . But after he finished cooking , he lost his appetite . And he only had a few bites . PERSON was regretful that he had to put the rest in the refrigerator .
travelling	I once had to leave a country because I stayed too long . I misread the expiry date of my tourist visa . That meant that I had to pay a fee and leave the country . I returned and upon returning I was nervous they 'd kick me out again . I successfully reentered but had nightmares about the contrary !	PERSON is travelling with her parents . This week , they 're staying in LOCATION . PERSON has family there , and she loves spending time here . She was so little when she last saw them . PERSON thinks maybe she 'd like to stay here forever .	Last summer I traveled all through asia . I went to LOCATION first and that was my favorite place . I met a lot of really cool people . I also love the music in LOCATION . I wish I could 've spent more time in LOCATION .
siblings	PERSON 's parents took in a foster son . At first PERSON was jealous . She did not want a brother stealing her mom 's attention ! But soon she grew to like the little boy . She was happy when her parents officially adopted him .	My son and daughter are best friends . They do fight quite often even so . I am often tempted to get involved in the fighting . I have learned to stay out of it . I know that after each fight they always return to being best friends .	Young PERSON wanted adopt a dog . Her older brother , PERSON , knew what that meant . If PERSON got a dog , it would be his responsibility to take care of . Instead , PERSON convinced Lilo to get a pet fish . PERSON does n't have to worry too much about a pet fish .
sweatpants	PERSON put on a pair of pants . They no longer fit him . PERSON looked at his large belly in the mirror . He put on a pair of sweatpants instead . He went to work with a shirt and tie and sweatpants .	I wore a pair of sweatpants . It got a hole in the knee . I asked my mom to patch it up . She told me that she could n't . I kept the pants on anyways .	PERSON had eaten way too much Thanksgiving dinner ! He was miserably full . He unbuttoned his pants but it was n't enough ! We went to his closet . He put on the biggest pair of sweatpants he could find .
writer 's block	I started my own fiction book not that long ago . I took my time and wrote plotlines and outlines . I even incorporated foreshadowing and symbolism . The hardest part is making transitions , in my opinion . I have n't finished yet , but I will soon .	One day PERSON , a writer , experienced writer 's block . He sat down to brainstorm ideas . However none came . He decided to take a break until he had an idea . It worked and he got an idea !	PERSON had a bad case of writer 's block . How to fix it , she wondered ? She tried looking out the window for inspiration . She tried listening to music . Finally , she had to just write .
pulled muscle	PERSON was at work . He had to lift a heavy box by himself . PERSON pulled a muscle trying to do so . He had to get physical therapy to get better . His job fired him for missing days .	PERSON wanted to learn to kick . He had never really tried before . He found videos online that he tried to replicate . PERSON wound up pulling a muscle . He gave up learning to kick .	PERSON was in a wrestling tournament . He pulled a muscle in his second match . He tried to have a friend massage it out . It looked incredibly gay . PERSON stopped and lost the next match because of it .
egg toss	The egg toss contest was down to two pairs . PERSON gently tossed the egg to PERSON with no problem . Then the girl team did the same . PERSON took his turn but threw too hard . The egg broke right on PERSON 's chest , leaving a mess !	Frank and PERSON were among the last two teams left in egg toss . They were standing over 15 feet away from one another . PERSON tossed the egg and PERSON caught it . The other team did as well . On the next toss , PERSON ended covered in raw egg !	The fourth grade egg toss was down to two groups . PERSON gently tossed the egg to PERSON , who caught it easily . PERSON threw hers to PERSON who also caught it . Both groups took two steps back . This time PERSON 's toss was too hard so the egg splattered on PERSON .
angry customer	PERSON worked at Olympia Sports . Yesterday , she had a very rude customer . The customer demanded to use an expired coupon . PERSON eventually gave in and used it . The customer still left upset .	PERSON started to eat his food . He realized that the flavoring of the food was very bland . He became furious and demanded a refund . The restaurant manager said no . However , PERSON threw his plate on the ground and left .	PERSON contacted PERSON . He offered to pay her money for typing a research paper . She accepted the task and wrote it within a week . When the teacher graded it , she gave PERSON an F . Since PERSON ultimately failed the work and class , he never paid PERSON .
the box	PERSON was cleaning out a closet and found a small box . The box was empty and it was purple . Purple was her favorite color so she asked to keep it . Her mother told her she could have it and use it . She put her favorite keepsakes in it and cherished it always .	PERSON found a box by his door . The name of his mother was on it . He was curious to see what was in it . How ever he waited till she got home . When his mom opened it , it was a beautiful dress .	The teacher put a wood box in his classroom . During his lesson he stood on the box to lecture . The students stopped taking notes and listened to him on the box . The teacher felt a great sense of power on the box . After he stepped down , he told them the test was on Monday .
preacher	We went to visit my cousins . They were an elderly couple living in LOCATION . We met their parrot , Preacher , when we walked in the door . He talked to us nonstop . He was so loud that day that nobody enjoyed the conversation .	PERSON and PERSON had a pet parrot named Preacher . When I walked in , Preacher said hello . He started learning my name when he saw me . I walked in one day and he said hello with my name . I said hello back , and he asked how I was doing .	The preacher did n't have Sunday 's speech ready . He was busy doing charity . There was no time to prepare one . He decided to talk off the top of his head . The congregation loved it .
a broken arm	PERSON loved tennis so much , he would play anytime . He played one day when it was raining . As he ran to hit the ball , he slipped on the wet court . PERSON broke his arm . Now he ca n't play tennis for 2 months .	PERSON broke his arm at football practice . PERSON was sad because he could n't play football anymore . But , PERSON 's doctor said he could play after four weeks of rest . So , PERSON rested impatiently and waited for four weeks . Finally , PERSON could play football again !	PERSON was climbing the tree when he heard a crack . Suddenly the branch gave way beneath him . He tried to steady his grip , but it was too late and he fell down . His mother quickly grabbed him and rushed him to the doctor . PERSON was given a cast and vowed to stop his tree climbing that day .
hero	PERSON was working as a lifeguard at the pool one summer . Suddenly he saw a little boy struggling in the deep end ! PERSON took action immediately , jumping into the water . He towed the little boy to safety and helped him clear his lungs . PERSON was applauded and celebrated as a hero by the other swimmers !	My brother and I were swimming . Our parents were not around and my brother was not a good swimmer . He fell off of the float device he was on . No one but me noticed he was struggling in the water . I swam over and saved my brother from drowning .	One day , I was looking through my teenage son 's school papers . I noticed a folded paper with my son 's name on it . I turned it over and noticed that my son had written about me . He said really kind things , that made me very happy . When I asked , he said that he had to write about his hero .
whistling	PERSON was bored in his room . He decided that he should learn a new hobby . A short search on Youtube led him to whistling . He gave it a shot and actually was a natural . From then on he always enjoyed whistling in his free time .	I heard a loud whistling from the front yard . I went outside to investigate . There were birds in the trees , calling to each other . I stood there for a while , just listening to them . It uplifted my mood and made my day better .	I could n't whistle . I wanted to learn . I kept trying . Eventually , I learned how to whistle . Alas , my whistle sounded terrible .
mini golf	One day PERSON and her friends decided to play mini golf . PERSON ended up scoring a hole in one ! Her friends applauded her . She ended up scoring the most points . They had a lot of fun .	PERSON asked his family to go mini golfing . He really wanted to beat his dad 's score . At the last hole , the score was all tied up . PERSON concentrated and got a hole in one . He beat his father 's total by 2 points and won the game .	PERSON invited PERSON to go mini golfing . PERSON secretly hated mini golf , but agreed to go anyway . While there , PERSON played terribly . She became crabbier and crabbier with each passing hole . She decided that next time , she would simply decline the invitation .
the artist	PERSON was in the bathroom at school . He was putting graffiti on the walls . A teacher walked into the bathroom . He saw PERSON writing on the wall . PERSON got into trouble .	PERSON was famous . She was an artist that created masterpieces . She sold a piece for a million dollars . She used the money to support other artists . PERSON started her own foundation .	An artist came to a new town for business . He looked all over for inspiration . He saw a beautiful sunset . He got his paints out . He painted a beautiful painting .
the gift	PERSON bought Christmas gifts for her two nieces . She brought them to her family 's Christmas get together . One of the presents was a piano mat , the other a play guitar . The nieces fought over the piano mat and started crying and screaming . PERSON basically ruined the Christmas get together with her mistake .	PERSON really loved going to see movies . She did n't get to go see them a lot because they were so expensive . One day , PERSON received a small package in the mail . It was a gift card to the movies from her grandparents . PERSON was so excited she went straight to the theater .	PERSON 's mother was horrible at using computers . She always needed help doing really easy things . PERSON found a computer class at the community college . She enrolled her mother as a gift . They have a much better relationship now .
treatment	PERSON injured her arm in a workplace fall . Her job sent her to a local hospital for treatment . PERSON was not quite pleased with the care received . She got a second opinion and asked to change doctors . Happily , her job complied and PERSON received the care she requested .	We talked with the doctor about what to do . Hepatitis C could be fatal if untreated . We did n't know how many years my husband had been infected . He began taking new innovative pills . Twelve weeks later , we will return to find out the results .	My cousin was diagnosed with cancer last month . He visited several specialists . They gave him many recommendations . He started taking chemotherapy . It made him ill , but he is gradually improving .
bad PERSON	PERSON could play many musical instruments well . She decided to stop by the music store . She picked up a saxophone and began to play it loudly . The store manager frowned at her and shook his head . PERSON put down the saxophone and headed toward the drums .	PERSON was in a lot of trouble . He went to a bar last night and punched a man . It turned out this man was the owner of the bar . The owner had it all on CCTV . The owner gave it to the police , and PERSON was charged with assault .	PERSON rode her bike to Walmart . She rode inside and knocked down all the shelves . The security guards chased her around , but she was too fast . PERSON returned home that afternoon to see herself on tv . PERSON was wanted by the police for her antics .
haircut	PERSON was job hunting and had not had much luck . PERSON decided to get a new haircut to see if it would help . PERSON had a job interview and it went well . She however did not receive a job offer . PERSON decided that the haircut did not help her job hunt .	Last week I decided to get a new haircut . It turned out to look terrible . Everyone made fun of me for it . The teasing was relentless . I decided to just shave my head instead .	PERSON wanted something new . He decided he needed a new haircut . He asked his mom for ideas . She told him what to do . He got a new haircut .
new language	The PERSON family moved to LOCATION . They had to learn a new language . They practiced with each other . They learned it really quickly . Everyone thought they were German .	PERSON wanted to learn a new language . So he decided to learn Spanish . He became fluent in Spanish in a year . And he was proud of what he accomplished . But only a few of his friends could speak Spanish with him .	I wanted to learn a new language . I tried Spanish , French , and German all at once . I learned nothing . I decided to learn them one at a time . After that I spoke them fluently .
PERSON visits LOCATION LOCATION	PERSON has always dreamed of a vacation in LOCATION LOCATION . After Years of planning out his trip , he is ready . In LOCATION LOCATION , PERSON samples gumbo and other delicious food . When his trip is over , he is very sad to leave . However , he will always have the wonderful memories of LOCATION LOCATION .	PERSON had always dreamed of visiting LOCATION LOCATION . He saved up his money and booked his trip . When he arrived he saw many sights and ate delicious food . He took many pictures of his big trip . PERSON was so happy that his dream trip had become a reality .	PERSON has always loved to drink wine . His girlfriend recommends that he visit LOCATION LOCATION to try wine there . He researches LOCATION LOCATION and finally books a trip . On that trip he samples many delicious wines . It was the perfect trip for a wine lover like PERSON .
the hero	PERSON was walking down the sidewalk . He saw a man fall to the ground . The man was holding his chest . PERSON called 911 . PERSON 's quick actions saved the man 's life .	PERSON punched PERSON twice more to make sure he was out cold . He stood and screamed in rage . The crowd gathered around him was silent . PERSON 's reign of terror was at an end . PERSON 's work here was done and they could be at peace now .	PERSON was hired by the PERSON 's to clean their pool . Muffin , the family dog , was yipping at his feet as he worked . All of a sudden it lunged forward and fell into the pool . PERSON thought all dogs could swim , but this one could n't . He jumped in , saving it as PERSON PERSON came outside to check on Muffin .
spanish class	In tenth grade I took a Spanish class . When I arrived to the class I was very confused . I was n't in a Spanish class for beginners like me . I was in the Spanish class for Spanish speakers . I had to take Spanish again the next year after failing .	In my Spanish Phonetics class we had to do a project . There was only one student I was hoping not to be paired with . Sure enough I was paired with him . Like I thought , he scarcely did his part for the project . Because of that project I had a B in the class .	PERSON dreamed of traveling to his parents country of LOCATION . He wanted to one day live there . He knew he would have to learn the language . He enrolled in a language course to learn spanish . PERSON is now fluent in Spanish .
the sunburn	Three brothers went golfing for a bachelor party celebration . They had gone the day before the wedding . While golfing , one of them was badly sunburned . His hands and face were red like a lobster ! To fix it , they had to take all the wedding photos in black and white !	PERSON 's ninth birthday party is a huge success . He and his friends have been playing on the huge water slide . It 's so much fun , they do n't even stop to reapply sunscreen . Later that night , a sunburn can be seen on his face and shoulders . PERSON realized that mom really does know what 's best !	PERSON could n't wait to get to the beach . She grabbed her bag . Finding the perfect spot for her towel she laid down on the sand . She fell asleep as she baked in the sun . Waking up in pain PERSON realized she forgot to apply sunscreen !
message in a bottle	PERSON was at the beach . He found a bottle with a message in it . The message had a contact e-mail . PERSON e-mailed it and actually got a response . It was a pretty fun experience for him .	A girl found a message on the beach . But it was in a bottle . She smashed the bottle on a beach rock . It was rolled up and looked aged . The message asked why the girl broke the bottle .	PERSON wrote a note on a piece of paper while out at sea . He stuffed it in a bottle and put a cork in it . He threw the bottle far from the boat . The bottle floated in the sea for years . When the bottle finally landed on a beach it was found by a boy .
PERSON 's class	PERSON had to deliver a speech to his class . He was very nervous . His teacher told him to take deep breathes and relax beforehand . PERSON relaxed and told himself he would do fine . He went on to give the best presentation in the class .	PERSON was so bad with technology that her friends mocked her for it . She decided that she needed to learn the basics of computers . PERSON enrolled in a local community college and took a class on it . After her first semester , PERSON became an expert in technology . Now PERSON 's friends all come to her with their computer questions .	PERSON was taking an art class in school . He enjoyed taking the class , but was n't doing well . PERSON asked the instructor for additional help . The instructor gave PERSON extra help outside the class . PERSON enjoyed the class even more once he performed better .
nyc	This was my first time living in the city . The first night I discovered a problem : the noise . It never stops and someone is always out . To deal with this problem , I bought headphones . They actually work so I was able to sleep in NYC .	This was PERSON 's first time to LOCATION LOCATION . All she knew was farm towns . When she got to the City she was overwhelmed . She sat in a Starbuck 's in LOCATION LOCATION . She was ready to go back into the city and discover more .	PERSON ran away from home when she was 18 years old . She took a bus to NYC and stayed with her cousin . She partied , and dreamed , and learned a lot about life . She started thinking about college . She decided to go home and enroll at the community college .
PERSON gets a flat	PERSON was driving his new motorcycle He was really having a lot of fun on his new bike . While driving on the highway he runs over something and gets a flat . He pulls over to the side of the road and waits for help . Help arrives and helps him fix his flat .	PERSON is driving home . He runs over a piece of glass . His car runs off the road . He gets out to look at the damage . PERSON sits and looks at his flat tire waiting for help .	PERSON had to pick up his daughter from school . His car got a flat tire on the way . PERSON had to patch up the tire . He was 30 minutes late picking up his daughter . His daughter was understanding of his situation .
new teacher	PERSON looked at her schedule . One of her teachers was TBD . She was rather inquisitive about it . So she walked into the door . PERSON saw a her old teacher actually come back .	PERSON heard a rumor that there was a new teacher . She was fearful about it . Finally the new teacher came in . To her surprise , PERSON thought she was nice . PERSON was happy to have her .	PERSON just got a new job as a high school teacher . She was driving to her first day and was nervous . She taught her first class and all the students loved her . This gave her the confidence she needed to get through the day . She did a nice job teaching the rest of her classes .
rats	I heard the sound of the cat door open and close . I saw something out of the corner of my eye scurry past me . A small rat was running down the hall with the cat behind it . I screamed loudly which prompted my husband to come running . After a few minutes he disposed of the now dead rat .	Last summer , during my nightly swims , I saw rats in the trees . I would hear squeaking in the branches and see glowing eyes . It freaked me out and my husband did n't believe me . I googled it and found that rats can climb trees . He did believe me when he had to scoop two out of the pool .	There were a lot of rats in my house . I went to the store to buy traps to get rid of them . I bought a lot of traps that day , but I did n't buy enough . I used all the traps but there are still a lot of rats in my house . I 'll have to buy some more tomorrow .
farmhand	PERSON took a summer job on a farm . He had to feed the animals . He also had to much out their stalls . It was hard work , but PERSON loved it . He knew he was building his character !	PERSON took a summer job on a farm . He helped much stalls and feed animals . It was hard , hot work . PERSON earned good money working . He also earned a deep , dark tan !	PERSON moved from LOCATION to a rural area of LOCATION . He found the pace of life extremely slow . He met a woman who owned a farm . PERSON and the farmowner fell in love . PERSON grew to like the company through the work ethic of his partner .
sleepless	The nightmares I had last night kept me awake . I was very nervous all night long . I laid in bed listening to every sound . Everything sounded like someone breaking in . I could n't go back to sleep at all .	My son does n't sleep very good . Last night was certainly no exception . He tossed and turned all night , wanting to nurse very frequently . I maybe got about 3 hours of sleep total . This momma is very tired today .	PERSON was having insomnia trouble . He decided to try natural remedies . He started taking melatonin . Every night he took a capsule . Soon he was sleeping well once again !
the lost cat	PERSON owned a little kitten . She only had her for a few months . One day , she forgot to close a window . Her kitten squeezed through the window and escaped . PERSON looked and looked but never found her lost kitten .	PERSON was walking home when she saw a cat . The cat was acting hungry and stressed . She checked his collar and realized he was far from home . She took the cat home and gave him a nice fresh meal . While he ate , she called his owner who thanked her for helping .	PERSON rarely let her cats out . One day her boyfriend convinced her to . The cats loved it but one ran off instead of returning . PERSON looked for it everywhere without being able to find it . She always blamed her boyfriend for it .
dreams	Will had a recurring dream about being trapped in a cellar . After several times of dreaming this , Will thought he needed help . Will talked with a psychologist , telling him about the dream . Will was relieved to hear the doctor 's response . The doctor told Will recurring dreams are common and not to worry !	PERSON could n't sleep because of his nightmares . He was growing ever so tired . He decided to see a psychologist . The psychologist suggested hypnotherapy . The hypnotherapy worked and PERSON thanked his psychologist .	PERSON always wanted to play in the olympics . He played basketball his whole life . He trained hard and traveled to other states for tryouts . PERSON heard of tryouts for the olympics and wanted to try . He did n't make it and promised to continue training .
secret admirer	PERSON arrived to work to meet a bouquet of red roses on her desk . PERSON was intrigued to find out who the flowers were from . PERSON asked the secretary who delivered the flowers . The secretary informed PERSON that they were from a secret admirer . PERSON decided to enjoy the flowers and the nice gesture it represents .	PERSON was excited to have a secret admirer . She told her jealous pals about the letters and gifts he sent her . PERSON fantasized that her admirer was a handsome athlete . She watched from her window to see who was leaving the tokens . When she saw it was a gangly teen , PERSON felt her face redden .	PERSON came to school with an unexpected present on her desk . To her surprise , she was given a bouquet of beautiful flowers . PERSON took a look at the note and it said `` Secret Admirer '' . She took a sniff of the flowers as they smelled wonderful . As she looked across the room , her crush was looking right at her .
broken screen	PERSON was an angry gamer . When he got mad at a game yesterday he broke the screen . He could n't play any games without a screen . He dug through his old stuff . He found another screen and plugged it in .	PERSON was feeling warm . She decided to open up the window . To her surprise she noticed the screen had broken . She needed to get it fixed . She called up for help .	PERSON was in a fight with his girlfriend . She threw his phone at him . It shattered the screen . PERSON broke up with her and charged her for the damage . She never paid him .
the new couch	PERSON decided to buy a new couch . He went to the furniture store and started to browse . He sat on a really comfy green couch . PERSON decided that this was the couch he wanted . PERSON bought the couch and took it home .	The sorority needed new furniture . They got a great deal on a new couch . The furniture store just asked the sorority to post a photo of it . They posted it to Instagram and tagged the store . Sales skyrocketed at the store in the next week .	We forgot to take the dog last week to get his nails cut . His nails clattered across the floor as he ran . Suddenly , he climbed up on our couch when no one was looking . The dog left scratches everywhere . We had to buy a brand new couch .
ebay	Frank needed a need desk for his office . So Frank looked one up on Ebay . A bidding war was on the desk . Frank bid for the desk for several hours and eventually got it . Frank now has a new desk .	PERSON had a lot of junk that she wanted to get rid of . Her friend told her about eBay , so she made a new account . PERSON listed all of her stuff on eBay . After a few days , the stuff sold . PERSON then brought the stuff that sold to the post office and mailed it	I started selling on eBay in 2000 . I was amazed how much people would pay for collectibles . Soon family and friends gave me their things to sell . Often these items were worthless . I stopped selling because of this situation .
too tall	I was walking down a busy street . I was watching a girl and her boyfriend . The boyfriend must have been nearly seven feet tall . He was n't paying attention and he hit his head on a shop sign . The girlfriend could n't stop laughing at him .	PERSON was too tall and had to bend to go through the door . He was extremely tired that everything was too small . He asked his friend , who was an architect , to build him a house . He gave his specifications and waited for it to be done . When he finally had his home , he could pass through the door easily .	PERSON was a tall man waiting in line to his seat in an airplane . He was afraid the seat might be too small for him . To his surprise the seat was quite roomy . PERSON sighed with relief . It was going to be a comfortable flight after all .
PERSON gets mad	PERSON had a really bad temper . One day she got into an argument with her mother . PERSON was upset that her mother did n't let her watch TV past 9 PM . PERSON got so mad that she punched the wall . PERSON felt terrible about what she did afterwards .	PERSON punched her wall out of frustration . She created a big hole . She felt terrible about what she had done . PERSON went to the store and bought drywall . She patched the wall up .	PERSON was always the happiest person in a room . No one had ever seen PERSON get mad before . Then one day his sister poured water over his head as a joke . PERSON had just woken up , and for the first time ever he got angry . He screamed at his sister , and she learned not to make him mad .
practice	PERSON loved to play the trombone . Unfortunately , PERSON did not love to practice . He had to get ready for an audition to play in a great band . PERSON 's parents and teachers reminded him to practice every day . He played very well for his audition .	Clouds of chalk dust danced in the sunlight as PERSON clapped her hands . She confidently grabbed the trapeze bar and began to swing . Her father began to bark out commands in rapid fire succession . PERSON met each command with perfectly executed movements . Her father 's last command was that she would perform that night .	PERSON was not very good at swimming . When he was young , he almost drowned . PERSON practiced long hours every week . PERSON got really good at swimming . Now , PERSON is the swim team captain and the best swimmer on the team .
chicken nuggets	PERSON loved chicken nuggets . She decided to make some for herself . She got all the ingredients and set to work . When they were done , she was pleased with her work . However , when she tasted them , she realized she still needed practice .	PERSON was craving some chicken nuggets . He begged his mom to take him to mcdonald 's . His mom drove through the drive thru . She ordered him 20 piece chicken nuggets . PERSON was really hungry and ate the entire meal .	The kids were hungry after school . Their mom made them some chicken nuggets . They ate the whole bag in one sitting . Soon , it was time for dinner . The kids were too full from nuggets to eat !
closet	PERSON hate cleaning , but her closet was terribly messy . She decided she 'd have to bite the bullet and clean it . She took everything out . Then she organized her clothes and put them back in . Afterwards , PERSON was glad she 'd finally cleaned it .	PERSON moved back in with his parents after losing his job . He was very upset that he had to move back in , so he felt very bad . He said sorry to his parents many many times . After agreeing to pay some rent he felt better with himself . When he finally was able to move out again he paid his parents back !	PERSON kept presents for her children in the closet . She made sure that the closet was locked at all times . When her kids tried to break into it she could always tell . Instead of yelling she was amused at their attempts . Despite their efforts they always were surprised on their birthdays .
nightmares	PERSON often had nightmares . Sometimes he would be too scared to sleep alone . After one nightmare , he decided to climb into his parent 's bed . He snuggled up next to his mom . He slept soundly the rest of the night .	PERSON had nightmares again . He told his mom that he did n't want to sleep alone anymore . But the mom did n't want him in her bed every night . She went to the toy store ready to fix the problem . The following night , PERSON fell asleep with a huge bear in his arms .	PERSON kept having nightmares and did n't know why . She did n't have them every night but they were frequent . She had been stressed a lot about work . Once the stress died down at work the nightmares went away . It was then that PERSON knew she needed a new job .
stray cat	PERSON saw a stray cat on the street . She felt very bad for it . She began putting out food for it . It began to approach her more and more . Soon the ex-stray was PERSON 's new pet !	PERSON lived in the city . One day he found a stray cat . He gave the cat some tuna fish . The cat began to purr . PERSON decided to keep the cat .	Our neighbors abandoned their cat . Since then , we 've been taking care of her . She comes to our porch to be fed every day . I 'm going to set up an appointment with the vet to get shots for her . Then , she 'll be able to come inside , too .
lost bird	PERSON 's pet bird Spot has gotten out of her cage and flown away . PERSON posts signs all over town to help her find her bird . Many people call with Spot sightings . PERSON checks on each sighting but ca n't find Spot . PERSON is heartbroken that she ca n't find her bird .	PERSON was supposed to feed her friend 's birds . They were on vacation and trusted her . The first day she noticed the cage door was loose . Instead of fixing it she opened a window and the bird escaped . Her friends were disappointed and upset .	PERSON 's bird was normally well behaved . One day it got out of the cage . A friend came over and the bird escaped as he opened the door . PERSON looked for the bird for days . He never found it .
dim sum	We used to buy dim sum from a restaurant in LOCATION . Recently the restaurant moved . We have searching for dim sum restaurants in our area . We found one in LOCATION . Sadly , they do not make the dim sum dishes we like .	Last Saturday we went to dim sum in LOCATION . We had not done this in over five Year 's . We went to LOCATION and ordered several dishes , plus tea . My wife was disappointed , as there were less dishes than in the past . We still enjoyed the experience and left stuffed .	I took my daughter to Dim Sum when she was 15 . We ordered a bunch of dishes . Later , she developed hives . The doctor said it was an allergic reaction to Chinese food . She does n't do Dim Sum much any more .
saving up	I am saving up for a big purchase at the end of the year . Every month I tuck away a small amount of my income for the purchase . Still , it feels like I am never getting any closer to my purchase . I seem to always find a need for the money I have tucked away . Perhaps I can set up a better block on my spending somehow .	PERSON had just started his first job . He got the job to save up for a video game . He worked for hours to save up for this awesome game . After hours and hours he finally saved up enough to buy the game . He bought it with his hard earned money and gave it to his friend .	PERSON really wanted a new video game . He did n't have enough money to buy it . He decided to try making money online . It took him several months , but he eventually earned enough money . He bought the new video game and was very happy .
missing sandwich	PERSON left a ham sandwich on the table to go get a drink . He had only turned around for a few seconds . But when he sat back down it was gone . He found his dog a few minutes later licking her lips . He knew not to trust her around the table any more .	PERSON put the sandwich he made himself on the table for a moment . When he came back into the kitchen it was gone . He looked around thinking maybe he put it somewhere else . He walked into the living room to check the coffee table . As he did , he saw his dog gobbling down the last bite of sandwich .	PERSON put his ham sandwich on the kitchen counter for a moment . When he got back from getting a drink from the fridge it was gone ! He was perplexed until he saw his dog round the corner . He chased after him but it was too late . His dog scarfed down the sandwich as quickly as she could .
the trash can	PERSON forgot to put the trash at the road . The trash can began to overflow . PERSON had nowhere to put his trash . PERSON 's neighbor offered his trashcan to PERSON . PERSON put trash in his neighbor 's can .	PERSON came home to a big mess . His dog had knocked over his trash can . There was garbage all over the floor . PERSON scolded the dog . The dog ran away and hid .	PERSON put the trash can out on the curb at night . The next morning , the can was knocked over and garbage was everywhere . PERSON could n't figure out what had happened . The next night , she saw a raccoon snooping around . He had knocked over the trash can the night before !
the goldfish	My goldfish was behaving weirdly . I called the vet and he said the fish was sick . I went to the vet and bought medicine for the pet . I went back home and put the medicine in the water . After a few days of this , the fish got better again .	A little boy went to the fair by himself . He saw a goldfish as a prize and wanted to win it . He had to throw a ball and knock down some cups . With one mighty throw , he knocked them all down ! The goldfish was his and he was very happy .	My goldfish barnacles was getting old . I took him to the vet and they said there was nothing they could do . Barnacles was dying . The next morning he was floating so I flushed him away . My heart misses him and will forever be away .
blood drive	PERSON decided he was going to donate blood . He had been terrified of needles his whole life . The nurse inserted a large the needle into his arm . He passed out instantly . He woke up tired but felt proud for doing a good deed .	PERSON wanted to do something nice . He decided he wanted to give blood . He knew it would be helpful . He headed to the blood bank . When he was done he felt great .	I went to my employer 's annual blood drive . A volunteer gave me some forms to fill out . When I turned in the forms , a lab tech set me up for the donation . I sat in a comfortable chair while I donated blood . When I was all done , a staff member gave me a cookie and juice .
cotton candy	PERSON went to the carnival . She was looking for cotton candy . But she could n't find any anywhere ! Then she asked an employee to show her where it was . PERSON was happy to finally get her cotton candy .	A girl named PERSON in pigtails asked the vendor for cotton candy . He handed her the cotton candy . PERSON handed him some pretend plastic coins . The man smiled , and gave her a dime back for change . PERSON skipped away happily , and the man smiled .	PERSON 's parents took PERSON to the zoo . PERSON wanted to see the monkeys first . When they got to the monkey exhibit it was closed . PERSON was sad so PERSON 's dad bought him some cotton candy . The cotton candy was good and PERSON forgot all about the monkeys .
the divorce	PERSON was very sad because her parents were divorcing . She feared that she would not get to see her dad much . As a family it was decided she would live with her mom . She was relieved that her dad was living close by . Every Weekend , she was with her dad and eventually she got used to it .	PERSON and PERSON had been fighting a lot . PERSON decided he was ready for a divorce . He filed the paperwork at the courthouse . PERSON was crushed . She thought they were going to get back together .	PERSON knew she married the right man because he never complained . But she did . One day she complained he brushed his teeth too long . Later that day she complained he did n't like going out enough . That night , her husband of six months , said he wanted a divorce .
farmer	PERSON decided to grow his own vegetables in his backyard . He thought it would save him money . But he got tired of watering of them . It turned out to be a lot of work . PERSON felt like a full time farmer .	PERSON wanted to eat a really good tomato . PERSON bought tomato seeds . He tilled the ground . He planted the seeds . Now PERSON has lots of tomatoes !	PERSON had to leave his farm to help his aging parents in the city . He worried he would never get back home to the land he loved . After six years his parents were stable , and he finally returned home . His cornfields had all lain fallow for over half a decade . But the rest had made them fertile , and that year his corn grew tall !
no service	PERSON loved his new apartment . There was only one problem . His cell phone did n't work well . He barely got any service . He had to switch carriers and pay more money .	PERSON went to the drive in . But she got bored . So she took out her phone . But there was no service . She was very annoyed .	PERSON and his wife went out to eat at a diner suggested to them . When they sat down it certainly looked busy . They waited patiently for their waiter to come to them . After 20 minutes they were very upset . PERSON stood up in a huff and told his wife they were leaving .
waiting in line	PERSON was waiting his turn at the DMV . He had been waiting for thirty minutes and was growing impatient . He noticed a woman enter the DMV and speak to the front desk . She was immediately serviced even though she had just got there . PERSON became livid .	PERSON went to the bank to deposit a check . He was very late for work but stood in line anyway . The line moved very slowly . To pass the time he took a lollipop in one of the bowls . He had finished the lollipop when it was finally his turn .	PERSON waited in line for a health exam . She decided to read a book while she waited . PERSON did n't hear her name called . The second time her name was called PERSON heard it . PERSON put her book away and approached the worker .
customer	PERSON has been working at the restaurant . A customer came in , demanding free food . PERSON told him politely that he can not have free food . The customer got rowdy so that jay had to call the cops . The cops escorted the customer out .	PERSON is an employee of Burger King . Hes usually a very cool and calm person . But a customer is testing his patients . But PERSON remained calm and did n't get angry . PERSON still has job .	Misty made a customer his latte . The customer said it was too hot . Misty re-made the drink . The customer appreciated the extra care taken . The customer tipped Misty five dollars .
soup	PERSON needed food fast . He grabbed the nearest thing . He opened the can of soup . He warmed it up . He ate it for dinner .	Feeling a tad bit under the weather , I decided to make soup . Groggily , I made my way to the kitchen . I pan grilled and blended some fresh broccoli , spinach , and onions . I blended all the vegetables together with some veggie stock . This soup was definitely going to make me feel better .	I was feeling very hungry . I decided to make some soup . But , I did not have broth in my pantry . I decided to buy some broth . Now , I could make soup !
new sister	Young PERSON was used to being the center of his parents ' lives . When his mother was pregnant , his parents tried to get him excited . But PERSON was jealous , and was reluctant to see his new sister . When he saw her , he was shocked to feel tenderness towards the baby . PERSON realized there were good parts to being a big brother too .	PERSON was 14 , and had always been an only child . Her parents wanted a bigger family , and adopted 13 year old PERSON . PERSON was wary of the new child - what if they did n't get along ? Things were tense until PERSON turned on music , and PERSON lit up . They both loved the same band , and the bonding between sisters began .	PERSON 's parents told her they were expecting another child . PERSON was very disappointed . She was afraid she would no longer get the attention . Yet to her surprise when the baby came , she did n't hate them . She actually liked being a big sister .
love note	PERSON wrote a love note to a pretty girl in his class . He handed it to her as he walked to throw something away . She opened it and immediately wrote back . PERSON picked up her response , from her desk . He read it and was happy she would sit with him at lunch .	I liked a girl in my class . I decided to write her a love note . I gave it to her . She opened it right there and then ! She smiled and said she wanted to date me !	PERSON passed a note to her best friend during third period recess . The teacher caught the passed note and confiscated it . The teacher read the note and turned a crimson color . PERSON 's note was about how she thought the teacher was cute . The teacher returned the note to PERSON with a smile .
wait	My son 's friend is very eccentric . He does not drive or bike , preferring to walk . Yesterday he needed a ride home . My son drove him but told him to wait while he visited us . My son did not want him to talk , as he stays for a long time .	We got to the appointment early . We signed in at the desk . We sat down in the waiting room . It took forever to get called back . I ended up giving them a bad review due to the wait .	PERSON had an essay that was due in 12 hours . She delayed writing what she initially wanted . She knew her ideas were not good enough and kept thinking . Four hours passed of brainstorming and debating . With little time left , PERSON wrote about her initial ideas .
the movie	PERSON and PERSON went out to see the new movie . They bought tickets online and drove over to the theater . They got there early and bought some popcorn and soda . Then they sat down to watch the movie . It was a very good film and they talked about it on the way home .	PERSON had her popcorn and soda . She settled into her theater seat to watch the movie . She was disappointed in the story line . It was a terrible movie ! PERSON went home disappointed .	PERSON wants to see a good movie . He reads the movie listings to see what is available . He chooses a superhero movie . PERSON walks to the movie theater . PERSON enjoys the movie that he picked out to see .
arrow	PERSON loved to shoot arrows . He went outside to shoot at a target . He missed the target . He hit a tree nearby . The arrow could n't be pulled out .	My brother got a bow and arrow . There was a tool shed in our back yard . He shot the arrow in the air . It made a hole in the shed roof . We did not tell his dad .	PERSON did n't know what sign to follow . One sign had an arrow to the left . Another sign had the arrow to the right . He decided to go to the right . It led him to where he wanted to go .
lacrosse	PERSON wanted to learn to play lacrosse . She bought the gear and went to the court . There , she watched experienced players play . When she thought she had the hang of it , she stepped into the game . PERSON played like a pro on her very first try !	PERSON had always played lacrosse . Then , people said only girls played lacrosse . PERSON worked hard and became one of the best . He became known throughout the LOCATION and no one made fun of him . Now , PERSON is able to play the sport he loves .	PERSON and PERSON had season tickets to la crosse . They loved going to the games each week . It was such a hard and fast sport . They even bought jerseys to show their pride They knew lacrosse season was their favorite season .
coke	PERSON loved to drink coke a lot . He drank it almost every day . One day , he bought three bottles . He drank all three in one day . This led to PERSON getting very sick .	My former coworker used to be a coke addict . She went to NA and quit for several years . A year ago she started asking me for loans of money . I loaned her money , until I found out she was back on coke . I stopped loaning money and urged her to get help .	PERSON was doing a history paper on a beverage . Her classmates picked liquors and wines , but PERSON picked Coca Cola ! She learned how the soda had been sold as a cough remedy . She also found that it had once contained cocaine ! PERSON 's paper was the most interesting one in the whole class !
pigeons	PERSON loved feeding pigeons in the park . He would buy a whole loaf of bread at the start of a week . And apportion himself a number of slices per day for the week . Then crumble and store the slices . The pigeons came to expect PERSON and would follow him around .	PERSON walked into the grocery store . He went to the aisle with bread . He grabbed a loaf and went to the cashier . The cashier asked why he only bought bread . He looked at her and said he was feeding pigeons .	A flock of pigeons were flying in one direction . They landed on top of an electrical wire . A human was walking around . They tried to move the wire to get through . The birds quickly flew away .
ice cream party	It was a hot day out . As a result , PERSON wanted to have an ice cream party . She got her friends together to have a party . They got the ice cream out . It was the party of the year .	PERSON and her class were having an ice cream party . But she was lactose intolerant . So she felt excluded . After school , everyone talked about how great the ice cream party was . And PERSON felt sad .	April was turning six years old . She wanted an ice cream birthday party . Her mother agreed to the request . It was a very hot day on her birthday . All the ice cream melted into mushy mess .
day at the beach	PERSON needed a relaxing day after a hard work week . She went to the local beach near her house . The sun was shining and the weather was great . PERSON laid out on the beach for hours and read a book . She had a wonderful and relaxing day .	When my daughter PERSON was little she loved going to the beach . Her favorite thing to do at the beach was play with hermit crabs . One day she found three hermit crabs . She made a track for them and encouraged a hermit crab race . The race did not go as well as she planned but she had fun anyway .	I took the kids to the beach this summer . My youngest had never been there before . The kids splashed around in the water for hours . They built sandcastles and buried each other in sand . They had a blast and were tuckered out by the time we went home .
skirt	PERSON beamed as she put on her pink skirt . She 'd practiced for weeks to get the dance right . She ignored the butterflies in her stomach as she got on stage . The months of practice had paid off and she danced flawlessly . She brought honor to her family 's emblem on her skirt .	I decided to make a homemade skirt . I found a long denim skirt in my closet . It had stains at the bottom . I cut it in half . I sewed the seams at the ends and made a mini skirt .	PERSON wanted to make a new skirt . She purchased the fabric . She picked out the perfect thread . She sat down in front of a sewing machine , ready to work . Suddenly , she realized she did not know how to sew at all .
lawn	My lawn 's grass is too tall so I decided I needed to mow the lawn . So I went to the garage and got my lawn mower . I started in the back yard and worked my way to the front . I finished the front and put the lawn mower away . And now my lawn looks ever so much better .	PERSON noticed that his grass was looking very poor . He decided to make a change and work on his lawn . He purchased grass seed and weed killer and put them down . He watered and mowed his lawn on a regular basis . PERSON noticed after about a month that his lawn looked fantastic .	The lawn mower stopped working this morning . I tried to start it , but it would n't start . I went to walmart and bought a new one . I pushed it around the yard , but it did n't do a great job . I gave up and told my husband to call someone else to do it .
oxygen	Brent went scuba diving one afternoon with his friend . They jumped in the water and started to descend . Half an hour later Brent noticed his oxygen was almost depleted . His friend handed him a can of spare air . Brent safely ascended back to the boat and got more oxygen .	PERSON was working in a Navy submarine . He started finding it hard to breathe . He realized they had turned down the oxygen level slightly . Troy secretly turned it up . Afterward , everyone felt happier and with more energy .	PERSON was hiking up LOCATION LOCATION . The air got very difficult to breathe . She stopped and bought a bottle of oxygen . She saw all the other fit people hiking . She felt guilty for needing the oxygen .
lost ball	A little boy was searching for his ball . He looked all over but could n't find it . He ran into a tiny dog . The dog was holding something . It was the boy 's ball !	PERSON was playing kickball with friends . He accidentally kicked over the wrong fence . It went into a neighbor 's yard . PERSON was forced to get it by his friends . The neighbor was annoyed .	PERSON was at the plate in a game of kickball . He kicked the ball when it rolled to him . It flew into his neighbor 's backyard . PERSON rang their doorbell and asked for his ball . PERSON 's neighbor returned the ball , and then they continued playing .
pet snake	One day PERSON was going on a road trip with his friend . PERSON went to grab a soda from the back when he saw a large snake . PERSON was frightened and called for his friend . His friend explained it was his pet and had escaped his cage . PERSON was very nervous the rest of the trip with a snake in the car .	PERSON had a brother with a snake . The brother never took care of it . PERSON eventually took over its care . It soon became PERSON 's official pet . He kept it for many years .	PERSON brought home a pet snake . His mother said he could n't keep it in the house . PERSON was going to leave to return it to the pet store . Then he noticed the snake was n't in the box . PERSON saw the snake coiled around his grandmother and screamed .
picnic	PERSON and PERSON went on a picnic last Saturday . PERSON was excited for their first date . She packed lots of fruits for their romantic dinner . PERSON liked all the fruits PERSON has packed . They had a great first date , and PERSON asked PERSON on another date .	My grandmother and I used to go to the park for picnics . She would always bring my favorite kind of pastry . One picnic , she forgot the pastries , and thought I would be upset . I told my grandmother that was n't important . The important part was just spending time with her .	PERSON threw a picnic party . She had all her friends bring a dish . Ten people ended up coming . Together they had a huge variety of food ! PERSON 's picnic party idea was a success .
new glasses	PERSON needed new glasses . She had broken hers while running . She could not decide on a style . She finally let the optician pick some out for her . PERSON was glad to see again .	Today was the day PERSON was getting new glasses . She would no longer have to wear the broken taped up ones . She could n't spend as much on the new ones . As a result they were n't as nice as her first pair . But at least the were n't covered in tape .	PERSON had really bad vision . He finally went to an optometrist . PERSON was told he needed new glasses . PERSON could n't afford them . He stayed squinting for a long while .
PERSON wants a dog	PERSON wants a dog but his mom wo n't let him . She told him that he had to get good grades if he wanted a dog . When report cards came out , he had all A 's in his classes . He immediately showed his report card to his mom . PERSON was finally allowed to get a dog .	PERSON is out shopping with his father . They were looking for a new pair of shoes for him . They passed an animal store where he see 's a puppy in the window . PERSON begs his dad to let them go in . PERSON convinces his dad to let him buy the dog .	PERSON saw his friend playing with a dog . He decided to ask his mother if he could have a dog too . PERSON 's mother and father discussed the idea . After speaking to PERSON about caring for a dog , they adopted a dog . Now PERSON is happy to care for and play with his dog every day .
waffles	PERSON was making waffles with cherries on top . But after mixing the batter , she saw she had a problem . She was all out of cherries ! She decided to try the waffles with strawberries instead . And the strawberries tasted even better than the cherries !	PERSON bought a waffle maker . He filled it with batter . Then he pressed the sides together and waited . Soon he had a great-looking waffle . PERSON ate it and found it was delicious !	PERSON wanted to eat some waffles . She did not want to go to a restaurant . She did not own a waffle iron . She attempted to make waffles in her portable grill . It was a disaster .
the chef	PERSON was learning how to be a chef . She cooked every night to get better . One night , she planned an elaborate meal . She served it to her friends and family . They were all blown away !	A chef was very popular in town . He opened a new restaurant that had a lot of buzz . People were lined up to try it . The early reviews were phenomenal . The buzz grew even more intense .	PERSON just finished culinary school . He was excited to get a job as a chef ! He started working at a fancy French restaurant . The diners all loved what he prepared . Soon , PERSON was known as a great chef in their town !
the pond	The couple built a house in the country . It was on a peaceful pond . They liked to sit on their deck and watch the sun set on the water . They were so grateful for their beautiful home . They could n't imagine living anywhere else !	PERSON was going on a fishing trip . He arrived at the local pond to begin his fishing . He got out on the water in a canoe . He fished on that little pond all day . PERSON only caught a few , but he had a really good time .	The family built a new house . It was right on a pond . They loved sitting on the deck and watching the water . It was a very relaxing place . They were glad to finally live in the country .
PERSON 's gift	PERSON wanted to buy a gift for his sick little brother . His brother had to stay at the hospital due to his illness . PERSON decided to buy his brother a video game system . The system allowed people to play games together online . PERSON could now play games even when his friends were far away .	PERSON was dating PERSON . PERSON went to the mall to buy PERSON a gift . He saw PERSON walking with another guy . PERSON confronted PERSON and broke up with her . He left without buying her a gift .	PERSON wanted to buy gifts for needy children . She went to the store to purchase her gifts . She wrapped them in colorful paper . She brought them to her church . PERSON felt content to have helped the less fortunate .
the rug	The woman hated her tile floors . She bought a giant rug to cover them up . They were colorful and pretty . But as soon as the dog stepped on them , they were covered in dog hair . She regretted her decision .	PERSON hated the cold tile on her feet . She bought a wooly , furry rug . It felt so great to rub her toes on the soft surface ! PERSON bought more snuggly rugs for the rest of her house . She thought it make the place feel more homey .	PERSON ordered something from Pottery Barn . It was a new rug . When it showed up , the colors were all wrong . PERSON was disappointed to have to return it . She started to look for a different rug to replace it .
president	PERSON had always wanted to meet the president . It was recently announced that the president was visiting his town . PERSON waited in line for three days to meet the president . After PERSON met the president , he went home to rest . PERSON was able to have a good night 's rest after meeting the president .	PERSON was running for president . He started getting a following . He went to all of the on the fence states . He won the democratic debate . He ended up being president .	PERSON runs for president of his classroom . He promises the class impossible things . When it is election time , he becomes president . The class discovers that he could not provide what he promised . PERSON loses most of his friends .
ice fishing	PERSON loved to fish . He went all year long . In the winter the ice fished . He caught lots of big ones . His family was sick of fish .	Harry drilled a hole in the ice . He sat on a bucket and put his line in . He waited for a fish , patiently . He finally got a bite ! He reeled in a giant sturgeon .	PERSON 's dad took him ice fishing one day . PERSON was curious , since he had never been . He saw the hole drilled right through the ice . He was eager to fish at that fascinating spot ! But PERSON did not manage to catch any fish that day .
the trip	PERSON lived in LOCATION . She lived with her family in a small farmhouse close to the border . One day PERSON 's father told her they were going to see the LOCATION . After a long trip through the desert PERSON stood on American soil . PERSON and her family were soon found by ICE and deported .	PERSON packed her suitcase . She boarded the airport transport van . When she checked in at the airport , she was upgraded to first class . PERSON enjoyed watching a movie during the flight . Soon she was home for Christmas .	PERSON took a trip to LOCATION LOCATION with his family . Frank got to see all of the attractions during the week . However , the highlight of his trip was when he saw the president . Frank saw him pass by in his limo . Out of all the things he did , this was a memory he would never forget .
the interview	PERSON was being interviewed . He was about to be added to the Hall of Fame . He told the reporters what the honor meant to him . His friends cheered and clapped as he accepted the award . PERSON had always been their favorite basketball player .	PERSON has a job interview scheduled . She is excited and nervous to go to the interview . On the day of the interview , she got ready and went to the office . She did such a great job and the employer loved her . PERSON got a phone call the next day and she accepted the job .	PERSON applied for a job at a bank . She was really nervous . She prepared but was not sure it was enough . Finally she got the call back . The interview went well and they hired her .
clothes	I threw the clothes on the ground . I did n't care to take them to the laundry basket . It was beginning to overflow . I was so depressed I did n't want to do anything . I finally did the laundry after a month .	I had a pretty party dress that I wanted to wear to class . I put it on , together with fancy shoes and some fake pearls . Thinking that I looked spectacular , I proudly walked into class . The whole class started to laugh . Apparently , it is unacceptable to wear a party dress to class .	PERSON did n't have any clothes to wear . He was sad because he really wanted clothes . He asked his friend if he could borrow some clothes . His friend gave him some clothes . PERSON was happy because he got to wear clothes .
crash	It started to rainy when we got in the car . We left the neighborhood and pulled onto the highway . The rainy came down even harder . It was almost impossible to see . I rear ended the car in front of me .	PERSON 's parents bought him a car for his birthday . They told PERSON he could n't have it until he got his license . But PERSON was so eager , he stole the keys and snuck out with it . He thought he could drive it , but he was wrong . PERSON ended up crashing his car !	PERSON was six months pregnant . A drunk driver hit her car one day and injured her belly . PERSON was rushed to the hospital . There , a team of surgeons operated on her quickly . They tried valiantly , but PERSON miscarried her baby .
the broken ornament .	PERSON was decorating her Christmas tree . She was putting up each ornament , when she found one broken . She did n't want it to go to waste , so she tried to fix it . Using glue , she put it back together . She hung it on the tree and his the cracked part .	PERSON was decorating her Christmas tree . She noticed that one of the ornaments was broken . It had a crater in it . She put it on the tree and turned it so you could n't see that part . Like that , you could n't even tell it was broken .	PERSON was helping her family decorate the tree for Christmas . Her mom gave her a gift . She opened it and discovered a brand new glass ornament . She was going to hang it up when she dropped it . The entire thing shattered and PERSON 's mom was so mad .
alcohol	Jeff just turned 21 . So he decided to try some alcohol . He became addicted and drank alcohol every day . But his family intervened . It took years for PERSON to get over his addiction .	My friend 's brother was drinking . She told her parents . He has arthritis . He is not supposed to drink . She asked them not to tell she told them .	PERSON was an alcoholic . He would drink and get drunk all day , everyday . This caused many problems with his friends and family . He ended up having to go to rehab . He is now sober .
cellphone	PERSON saw a cellphone on the ground . He picked it up and stared at it . He put the cellphone on his pocket . PERSON walked up to him to ask if he had seen a cellphone . PERSON denied seeing a cellphone and walked away .	There was a grandpa who was behind the times . His grandson wanted him to be up to date . He bought him a new smartphone . The smartphone was too advanced for the grandpa . The kid was happy to try to help his gramps though .	PERSON wanted a new cellphone . The new galaxy had just come out . He went to the nearest AT&T store and waited in line . When his name got called , they were sold out . PERSON had to order his phone online .
lights	PERSON needed new light bulbs . So PERSON went to the store to get some . PERSON found some cheap ones on sale and bought them . He took them home . PERSON had installed his new light bulbs .	Recently our building installed decorative lights on the trees . They looked like white Christmas lights . We went out at night and sat on the bench looking at the lights . They made the area look festive . We went online and said the lights were an improvement .	The lights in my scooter went out . It was a wiring problem . I went to the store . I bought a flashlight . That worked as a headlight .
old shoes	I was walking . Suddenly , my shoe sole broke . I fixed the shoe with duct tape . Alas , the next day the laces frayed beyond repair . So , I decided to buy some new shoes .	PERSON had an old pair of shoes . They were torn up and started smelling bad . PERSON felt bad getting rid of them . He had broken them in perfectly . Eventually he accepted that he had to throw them out .	PERSON was recently walking to the store to return some shoes . On the way there , PERSON saw a homeless man with no shoes . PERSON decided to give the shoes to the man instead of returning them . The man thanked PERSON profusely for the shoes . PERSON felt so humbled at the homeless man 's gratefulness .
neighbor	Due to the recent rains , the grass in my yard grew very tall . My neighbor told me to cut it as it looked unsightly . I refused , so he brought out his lawnmower and cut it for me . Then he sent me a bill for $ 20 for the mowing job he did . I refused to pay the bill .	PERSON had a neighbor who was a widow . PERSON heard from other neighbors that her health began failing her . PERSON hired a private nurse to come every day to his neighbor 's home . PERSON visited the widow regularly . When she passed , PERSON spoke eloquently at her memorial service .	PERSON had a strange neighbor . He was an old man who liked to play the clarinet . One day PERSON decided to ask him about his clarinet . They ended up talking for hours . PERSON decided he was n't so strange after all .
drowning	PERSON saw someone in the river . They were hanging onto a power line tower in the water . He swam out to help them . He pulled them to safety . They were too tired to swim back .	The large truck was stuck in the sand by the lake . The tide was coming in and the water was over the truck 's tires . PERSON ran to a nearby farm and asked for help . The farmer got his tractor and drove it to the truck . The farmer pulled the truck out of the water with the tractor .	I was at the pool . I saw a boy begin to drown . There was n't a lifeguard . I decided to save the boy . I was known as the local hero for a few weeks !
broken windows	PERSON bought an old house that needed work . He went to the hardware store and bought supplies . After fixing up the house , Dean prepared to sell it . One day , a tornado hit the area and PERSON drove out to the house . When he arrived , all of the house 's windows had been broken .	The house next door was abandoned . No one had lived there for months . The kids down the block had broken the windows on the porch . PERSON 's sister climbed through the window . She cut herself on the glass when she climbed back out .	PERSON was working on an important work project . He had been working on the spreadsheets for a few hours . He decided he needed a break and went to the bathroom . He got back and saw Windows was auto updating , losing all his work . He cried and formatted his computer to become a Linux user .
accused	PERSON lost her iPod in class . She suspected her friend and seatmate of stealing it . She even outright accused the poor girl ! But then PERSON found the iPod in her bag . She apologized , shamefaced .	PERSON was upset she could n't find her new watch . At school she asked her friends if they had seen it . When no one had Any accused a girl of taking her watch . Her friends all told her that was unlikely but she was still upset . The accused girl ran from the class crying .	PERSON was arguing with her mom . She was insisting that PERSON had lied about walking the dog . PERSON was completely insulted that her mom would n't believe her . She told her mom that her feelings were hurt . Luckily , her mom calmed down and decided to give her a chance .
PERSON 's new car	PERSON had been saving for four long years . She finally had enough to comfortably buy her dream car . At the dealership , the salesman convinced her to upgrade even more . Once PERSON left with her new car , she realized she overspent . Luckily PERSON got a raise the next day and could now afford it .	PERSON wanted to buy a new car . He looked online at local dealerships . PERSON found a car he really liked . He went to the dealership to test drive the car . The car was so perfect that he bought it .	PERSON wrecked his car . His insurance gave him a ten thousand dollar reimbursement . PERSON went shopping for a new car . He decided on a brand new sedan . PERSON took his new car home that evening .
lost keys	PERSON lost her car keys . She looked all over her house . She was afraid she 'd be late for work . Then she finally found them - in her front pocket ! PERSON shook her head at her own silliness .	I came home from work . I forgot to put my keys on the key hook . I could not find them again for days . I was unable to go anywhere . Now i always put my keys on the hook .	PERSON could n't find his keys anywhere . He checked all the usual spots . He even looked in random places . Eventually he gave up and decided to get a new set . He never found the original ones again .
lucky day	PERSON was asked by a stranger if he would watch his bag . PERSON agreed and waited patiently for his return . The stranger never came back . PERSON decided to take the bag . Inside , he found $ 1,000 .	PERSON stopped at the store on her way to work . She bought gas and lottery tickets . When she arrived at work she scratched the tickets . She won a total of $ 500 . PERSON then took the entire day off work .	PERSON grew up in an inner city town . She was a single mother and did n't have much . One day she tried her luck at the lottery . She actually won a lot of money . She was able to quit her job and move her family .
abuse	PERSON was mean to her kids . She hit them with anything . One day she hit them too hard . They fell to the floor . They all died from the pain .	The child suffered abuse . The child got counseling . The child wanted to help other children when he grew up . He became a counselor . He helped other children who suffered abuse .	PERSON was married for 3 years . She dealt with verbal abuse from her spouse on a daily basis . She had convinced herself that it was n't that big of a deal . PERSON attended a counseling session and realized she was worth more . She filed a legal separation from her spouse .
chopsticks	Every year thousands of trees are cut down . They are cut down to make chopsticks . There needs to be a better solution . In time an entrepreneur will solve this issue . He or she will make a lot of money .	PERSON brought sushi to school . The other children thought it looked gross . They made fun of LOCATION for bringing it . PERSON started using his chopsticks to eat . When one kid laughed , he poked him in the eye with the chopsticks .	PERSON went on vacation with his family to asia . He learned to eat with chopsticks while he was there . Upon returning to the LOCATION LOCATION , he missed the chop sticks . He searched grocery stores looking for them . He eventually found some for sale and stocked up buying hundreds .
gym membership	PERSON 's new year 's resolution was to lose some weight . He signed up for a gym membership . PERSON went to the gym every day and lifted weights . He got stronger and stronger every day . After a month , he measured his weight and saw he lost 10 pounds .	PERSON made a new year 's resolution to exercise more . He purchased a gym membership with an annual term . PERSON began going twice a week , once for legs and once for arms . PERSON lost his motivation to get to the gym around mid-year . PERSON canceled the membership when the term was up .	PERSON wanted to save money . She enjoyed working out but her gym membership was expensive . She cancelled her gym membership . PERSON bought some free weights and used free workouts online . She was able to stay active and save money at the same time .
the shrimp	PERSON had a great new recipe . It was a shrimp dish . She grilled the shrimp and then put it on top of rice . Everyone in her family loved the food . They asked her to make it more often !	The family was grilling out . They decided to grill shrimp . They stuck them on skewers . They flipped them as they cooked . They served them with corn on the cob and a salad .	The chef was making a new dish . It had shrimp in it . He sauteed them and added butter . He mixed it in with pasta . The diners raved about the shrimp !
PERSON gets sick	PERSON is a young newborn . One day PERSON starts vomiting . She vomits until her vomit becomes dark green . Her parents take her to the hospital . They give PERSON medicine and she gets better .	PERSON felt very sick before school one day . He did not tell his mother , because he did not want to stay home . It was Valentine 's Day , and he did not want to miss the party . At school , he was sick in the classroom and was sent home . He would have been better off staying home in the first place .	PERSON was out in the cold shoveling snow . She knew it was n't good but she had to go to work . PERSON got to work and started to cough . She tried to power through the day . PERSON got home and came down with a full blown cold .
lunch	Tee forgot his lunch at home and he was very hungry . He checked his pockets for cash to buy a school lunch , but had none ! Ashamed , he asked his friend PERSON for part of PERSON 's sandwich . PERSON said his mother had packed him two big sandwiches that day . Both boys were able to eat a filling lunch that afternoon !	PERSON went back home after work for lunch . He stepped over broken glass on the lawn . He forced open his barely functional door . Once inside he grabbed cold pizza from the fridge . He ate his slice on the couch in the dark in silence .	PERSON always brought her lunch to work . One day , she left her lunch at home and was very mad . She decided she would not buy lunch out . She was so hungry all afternoon . That night , she put a reminder on her phone about lunch .
dice	The man threw the dice . The number came up seven . The people watching cheered . The man had won seven hundred dollars . It took the casino a while to calculate the winnings .	PERSON and PERSON were good friends . They desired to play a game together . PERSON mentioned he had dice in his pocket . PERSON suggested they play dice . They played dice .	PERSON was bored one afternoon . He invited his friends over . They decided to play dice . PERSON won a few games and lost a few . He had a fun afternoon playing dice .
basket	PERSON needed to buy one gallon of water . So she grabbed a hand basket and went to the aisle . She hoped the store would have at least one gallon . She was happy to see a full shelf of her water . PERSON added three gallons to her basket and went to pay .	PERSON had a very big basket . He paid a lot of money for the basket as well . One day , PERSON damaged the basket . He quickly ran to the store to get a new one . Now , PERSON has a new basket that is very big .	It was easter time at the PERSON household . All the baskets were full of candy except for one . PERSON did n't like candy she liked vegetables . So her basket was full of kale and lettuce . Everyone was surprised by how happy she was that day .
stolen identity	PERSON was checking his mail . He received a bill in his mail . He had never been to the place that sent the bill . PERSON called the business . He realized someone stole his identity .	Last week I made some random purchases online . My bank account was frozen . I got an alert of suspicious activity . I called in and told them it was fine . I still had to re-order everything again though .	PERSON got an alert from his bank . He was close to having no money . PERSON had n't made any recent purchases . He realized someone was using his information to buy things online . PERSON had the account shut down and was reimbursed .
creativity	PERSON was feeling very creative . She got out all of her art supplies . PERSON spent the whole day making crafts . She gifted the crafts she made to her friends . Her friends were very happy with their gifts .	PERSON had a young son . PERSON wanted his son to be happy and express his creativity . PERSON had his son begin drawing . PERSON 's son grew up to be a comic book artist . PERSON was happy to see his son be creative .	I had to draw sketches for work . I was running out of sketching ideas . Soon enough , my brain was tired and I gave up sketching . I realized I needed to sleep to rest and regain my creativity . Sure enough , after a nap I felt creative and had more sketching ideas !
PERSON gets bullied	PERSON is the new girl . She does n't have many friends . She tries to make a friend with a girl in school . The girl pushes her down and laughs at her . PERSON got bullied on her first day of school .	PERSON was the new kid in school . He was n't adjusting to life at his new school . He was walking to gym glass late one afternoon . He was stopped by a group of bullies . PERSON was stuffed into a locker .	PERSON was a small kid . He always got picked on . One day a bully picked him up and shook his change out . PERSON had no money to eat lunch . PERSON did not each lunch that day .
laptop	I needed a laptop for work . My friend recommended I check out a certain brand . I trusted them and bought a laptop from that brand . The laptop died after two Year 's , when the warranty had ended . I resolved to do my own research every time after that .	PERSON wanted to purchase a new computer . PERSON spent a lot of time on his computer . PERSON wanted to upgrade his machine . PERSON researched many different types of computers . PERSON found a great one and purchased it .	All PERSON 's friends had laptops . She wanted one , but could n't afford it . Then on her first day of senior year , her dad gave her a gift . He had saved all summer to buy her a laptop ! PERSON was so happy she almost cried .
the new kid	Billy 's family was moving and he had to change schools . He did not have any friends at this new school so he felt nervous . The day finally came for his first day , and he was still nervous . At school , he met lots of new friends . PERSON was relieved that he did n't have to be nervous anymore .	PERSON 's family moved away to a new town . So , PERSON had to go to a new school . She was nervous that she would n't make any friends . However on her first day of school her classmates were very friendly . PERSON soon had a lot of friends at her new school .	PERSON started at a new school today . He was looking for someone to sit with at lunch . None of the other children would let PERSON sit with them . PERSON felt bad for PERSON . PERSON let PERSON sit by her and eat .
4th of july	PERSON headed downtown early on the 4th to see the parade . She sat under a shady tree , with an ice water in her hand . After the parade , she went to a local vendor to buy a funnel cake . She ate her funnel cake while watching the band play . Later that evening , she enjoyed the band again and watched fireworks .	PERSON was looking forward to the next holiday . It was June at the time . PERSON decided to plan a barbecue for Independence Day . He invited all of his friends and family . Everyone enjoyed his party .	We went to visit family on the 4th of July . We had a wonderful picnic with tasty food . Driving home , we saw very black clouds in a straight line in the sky . It was scary driving into bad weather . That day there was a tornado near our home .
bad teeth	Fred always ate late at night . But he was too late to brush his teeth before bed . He thought it would be okay if he brushed his teeth every morning . But he noticed his teeth becoming yellow and stained . But it was too late to reverse it .	PERSON regret taking care of his teeth . And he always went to bed without brushing them . Over time , his teeth became yellow . So he decided to brush his teeth more often . But after many Years , they never became whiter .	My mouth is terrible , literally . I did not take care of my teeth growing up . I rarely brushed and I never flossed . Now , I have cavities , extractions , and tooth decay . I rarely smile because of my ad teeth .
PERSON gets a computer	PERSON has wanted a computer for many Year 's . He begins to save money from every paycheck . He drives to the computer store . PERSON picks out a great computer . PERSON finally has his own computer !	PERSON has always wanted a computer . However , he is afraid he ca n't afford one . One day , PERSON 's brother gives PERSON his old computer . PERSON loves it ! He is glad that he finally has a computer .	PERSON had a really old computer . Everything he did on it was slow . The frustration became intolerable for PERSON . He saved his money and order a new PC from Dell . It arrived and PERSON was much happier .
going fishing	PERSON and PERSON wanted to go to the lake for a fishing trip . They packed up and brought the camper so they could stay the night . Once there it began to rainy so heavily that fishing was impossible ! Hoping for better weather in the morning , they went to sleep early . With clear skies at sunrise , they were free to fish all day !	PERSON loves to go fishing on her friend 's reservoir . Sometimes she catches catfish and bass . She forgot to buy live bait , so she only had artificial . She spent four hours fishing , but did n't catch anything . Next time she wo n't forget to buy minnows .	PERSON was a vegan . One day his friends convinced him to go fishing . He went along but did n't actually fish . He still hung out and drank beer . It was exactly the same .
gorilla	PERSON was interested in monkeys . Noticing his interest , his parents brought him to the zoo . There , he saw a giant gorilla . Frightened by its size , PERSON began to cry . He was much calmer around the smaller monkeys later on .	PERSON went to find a gorilla she had helped raise . The gorilla recognized her and welcome her . PERSON hugged and played with the gorilla . She left once nightfall came . PERSON missed spending time with the gorillas .	A little boy fell into a cage at the zoo . The cage had a gorilla in it . The gorilla went to grab the boy . People shot it to stop it . The boy got out safely .
dance class	PERSON started dance last week . She joined in a combination class . The teacher is very sweet . She is working one on one with each student . I think she will learn a lot .	PERSON has been dancing since she was eight . PERSON entered a dance competition at her school . She practiced every day . PERSON hurt her ankle at the competition . Though she lost , she still had a great time !	PERSON wanted to take dance . Her mom was n't sure about it . PERSON convinced her to let her try . PERSON took a tap class and loved it . Her mom agreed to let her take dance for a year .
muffler	PERSON 's car was a little old , but it ran pretty well . All it needed was a new muffler . Her friends laughed at how loud the car was . But then PERSON saved up enough to fix the muffler . Now nobody could mock her quiet car !	PERSON 's car was making a loud noise . He was afraid it would be a costly repair . But the mechanic gave him good news . It was just a broken muffler clamp ! The repair was fast - and cheap !	PERSON 's muffler began dragging when one of the clamps broke . The noise of the rattling and scraping was irritating . Also , PERSON knew it might cause the muffler to fall off ! He untwisted a wire coat hanger and made his own makeshift clamp . It worked well , and PERSON was proud of his handiwork !
card game	PERSON love to play poker . He is very good at it . He decided to enter into a big tournament . He was able to win over $ 1000 in the tournament . PERSON decided to keep playing poker tournaments .	PERSON played a fantasy card game with his friends every week . Every week , he managed to beat everyone and bragged often . One day , someone new challenged PERSON . PERSON was sure he could win , so he cockily accepted the challenge . PERSON was thoroughly beaten , and he learned to be more humble .	PERSON spent a lot of money on Pokemon cards . His friends hosted card games , and he was excited to join them . He stopped by his friend 's house fifteen minutes before their game . Once everyone was settled in , they started placing their cards . PERSON felt that the cards were worth every penny .
the broken tv	PERSON was misbehaving . He jumped all over the house . He threw his toys . One of the toys broke the television . His mother made him sit in time out .	One day PERSON tried to move the TV . Eventually he tripped . The TV fell on the floor and broke . PERSON was upset because he loved watching TV . He ended up buying a new one .	PERSON was watching TV after school . Suddenly his baby brother began playing near the screen . PERSON told him no but the baby would n't listen . Before he knew it , the baby threw a toy at the TV . The screen was broken and had to be replaced .
chase	PERSON 's dog started chasing a neighbor 's cat . He chased the cat into the busy street ! A car struck and injured both of them . PERSON rushed his dog to the vet for treatment . His dog had to wear a leg cast for weeks .	PERSON was racing his little brother around the yard . He was tied with his brother at first . Then he realized that his brother was beating him ! PERSON tried saying he had let his brother win . But secretly , he knew a kid had beat him !	The dog chased the rabbit around the yard . The rabbit was very fast . The dog nearly caught the rabbit twice . The rabbit ran under the fence . The rabbit managed to get away .
sold	PERSON is about to sell his childhood home . The new buyers begins to talk about the changes that he wants to make . PERSON becomes filled with emotion . He asks the new buyers to keep everything the same . PERSON made the decision not to sell the house .	PERSON was spending all her money on drugs . She thought of a solution - functional , though unpleasant . She began offering her body to her drug dealers . They accepted , and PERSON was able to save her money . In the end , though , she lost much of her self-respect .	I had an old car I needed gone . I decided to put the car online for sale . I got a few calls over a few weeks . Finally one day PERSON called me . He offered me double the value of the car !
walking the dogs	PERSON needed extra money . He decided to charge for walking other people 's dogs . He got a lot of dogs to make some decent money . PERSON was often dragged around . He was n't sure it was worth the money .	PERSON was having a hard time walking because of his bed knee . He was more worried about his dogs than himself . He was upset they were n't getting as much exercise as they should . He remembered his friend had started a dog-walking business . He hired his friend and both PERSON and his dogs were happy .	PERSON and PERSON hated walking the dogs . They were both very lazy . This morning neither wanted to . They played rocks , papers , scissors over it . PERSON lost and had to walk the dogs .
sick day	PERSON was really sick . She asked for the day off work . Her boss did n't let her . She had to go to work sick . Her coworkers got infected as well .	I had to call into work this morning because of the flu . I woke up feeling groggy , and realized I felt extremely hot and weak . My boss did n't take it too lightly , and was a little upset . But it 's better than forcing myself into a situation I could n't do . I think I 'll go to sleep now , I 'm losing my strength typing this .	I felt so sick yesterday . My stomach was cramping and I had a fever . I went to the doctor and found out I had the flu . The doctor told me to stay in bed and drink fluids . Thankfully I am feeling slightly better .
rainy day	PERSON was planning to go to the park with her kids on Sunday . When she work up Sunday morning it was dark and rainy . The kids were sad they could n't go to the park . PERSON instead came up with some craft ideas to do indoors . The kids had a great time making crafts with their mom all day .	May hoped it would n't rain for her party that weekend . The weather forecast promised clouds and maybe drizzle . As Saturday approached , she grew more and more nervous . On Friday she went to bed unhappy , expecting a rain shower . But Saturday dawned bright and sunny after all !	PERSON cleaned her apartment . She did the dishes . She took out the trash . Finally she was done enough to go outside . But then it rained !
the babysitter	PERSON was a willful child without a strong adult figure . As a result of her willfulness , very few people wanted to watch her . One day , a college girl named PERSON watched after PERSON . She realized that what PERSON needed was somebody to care about her . PERSON decided to babysit PERSON and provide her with stability .	PERSON hired PERSON to babysit her kids . PERSON showed up with toys and games . They read lots of books and sang songs . The kids went to bed on time and the house was spotless . PERSON recommended PERSON to all her friends !	PERSON 's mom told her to babysit her little brother PERSON . PERSON was annoyed because she would rather go to the mall . PERSON asked PERSON to play a game . The two ended up having a lot of fun together . PERSON said that she would babysit PERSON any time .
photography	Sue signed up for a photography class at school . Right away they learned how to develop film . Soon they were learning about exposure and composition . Sue 's photographs impressed many of her friends . Now Sue is a photographer for the school newspaper .	One day PERSON decided to go outside and take some pictures . She got her camera and headed out the door . She found some bugs and flowers to take pictures of . She also found a cute field mouse . She had a fun time .	PERSON and PERSON hired a photographer to shoot engagement photos . They spent a lot of time preparing and picking what to wear . On the day of the shoot , they drove to a nice grassy field . The photographer spent the next hour shooting them in different poses . The photos ended up turning out fantastic .
PERSON 's dinner	PERSON was hungry , and he really wanted pizza . He called up a pizzeria , but their driver was sick ! So he tried another one , by they did n't deliver . He tried a third , but they had closed early that night ! Finally PERSON bought supplies and made up his very own pizza !	PERSON was n't very motivated to cook dinner . He decided to go out to eat instead . He carefully weighed his options . PERSON settled on a local steakhouse . He enjoyed his dinner very much .	PERSON did n't have a lot of money until his next paycheck . He really wanted to go eat out with his friends , but he was broke . PERSON told his friends he would join them next time . He went home and ate a sandwich and some chips . He would spend his money more carefully next paycheck .
blankets	PERSON wanted to have a good night sleep . She decided one of the best ways to do that was with clean blankets . She took all the blankets from her bed and washed them . She then put them on the bed fresh from the dryer . She then crawled into bed and got a good night sleep .	Winter was coming and PERSON wanted to get more blankets for his house . During winter his family likes to come over . It gets really cold where he 's at . So PERSON went to the store to buy more . PERSON found big blankets and bought them .	It was getting very cold in LOCATION 's town . She gathered up all her extra blankets and fleece throws . Then she drove downtown , where the homeless people congregated . PERSON began passing out the warm items to the needy people . The homeless people accepted them gladly and thanked Me warmly .
recital	PERSON had a piano recital last weekend . She practiced and practiced for weeks . She was very nervous about the recital . Her performance was flawless . She was relieved when it was finished .	PERSON was practicing for a piano recital . But the more he thought about it , the more nervous he became . At the recital , he made a few mistakes . But everyone clapped . When it was over , he thought about the mistakes he made over and over .	It was the first recital for PERSON 's ballet class . She had practiced a lot . But she had n't gotten any better . At the recital she was n't very good . But it did n't matter because she enjoyed herself .
new movie	PERSON was out on a date . They decided to watch a new movie . PERSON did n't know much about it . It wound up being a lot of fun . Same decided to watch more new movies .	PERSON really wanted to see the midnight release of a new movie . Unfortunately , he was grounded . He waited until his parents were asleep and snuck out . He made a bit too much noise and woke his dad up . PERSON got grounded for even longer .	PERSON and PERSON looked forward to the new Batman movie Friday . They both got off work and met in the box office line . They got two seats in the middle of the theater . When they moved started they both slapped hands and were happy . When the credits rolled , they both walked out with tears , happy tears .
