leaves	The leaves have begun to change colors . They went from green to red , yellow , and orange . The wind is blowing them off the trees . The temperature , like the leaves , is falling . Autumn is here .	PERSON was a homeowner . Fall had arrived and many leaves were in his yard . He prepared the rake and bags . He raked the leaves . He put the leaves in bags and cleared his lawn .	There were many leaves in PERSON 's yard . She carefully raked them all into a big pile . When the leaves were raked up , she jumped into the pile . It sent the leaves flying . She had to rake them again , but she had no regrets .	PERSON liked to sit out back on her patio every evening . One day she noticed that her patio was covered in leaves . She got her rake and raked them into her neighbor PERSON 's back yard . PERSON saw that PERSON had raked leaves into his yard but he was n't upset . PERSON went outside , put the leaves into a bag , and disposed of them .	PERSON really wanted to play in the leafs . So she asked her dad if she could . So he went out and raked them all up . She ran out and jumped in them . She loved playing in them so much .
the singer	Singing has always come very easy to PERSON . From a very early age she would sing for audiences . She had a good voice and awesome personality . For almost all of her life she has wanted to sing professionally . She got her chance at the age of 17 and has never looked back !	The singer stood on stage and motioned to the band . As the music started the singer began to sway . He sang words so sweetly the audience began to weep . The singer took a bow and left the stage . The audience begged for an encore but none came .	PERSON grew up her whole life learning how to sing . She tried her best at American Idol and wanted to win . The judges all approved of her and she was happy . PERSON finally made it to the last round of American Idol . The judges loved her and she won the American Idol !	As I was growing up I always wanted to be a singer . My mother would put force me to go to singing classes . As time went on , I realized I have a natural gift . Tonight was my big night , and I 've been so nervous . I 'll be taking the stage tonight , and my dreams are becoming reality .	Ever since I was a kid I wanted to sing and get paid like a star . I auditioned for the mixed choir in high school to work on my goal . My music teacher smiled and said I was tone deaf . I thought that meant I had a gift so I practiced my singing every day . Now I am officially a paid singer but only for funerals .
quitting	PERSON absolutely hated her job . Each day was worse than the one before and she was unhappy . After she arrived at work one morning , she decided to make a change . PERSON quit her job that same day and called her friend to tell her . Her friend was happy for her and now they run their own shop together .	PERSON was having a hard day at work . She hated her job . PERSON 's boss began screaming at her demeaningly . PERSON walked out of work . She called back to say she quit .	PERSON plays football . He has been playing only for a few years . His team has never won a game . PERSON wants to quit because they never win . He has decided to finish the season and reevaluate next season .	PERSON was always a hard worker but his boss never seemed to notice . His boss was usually preoccupied with goofing off . The department was falling behind so the boss chose to blame PERSON . PERSON explained how he was always staying late but the boss did n't list . PERSON quit the next day .	I had a job where the boss made us pay for things people would steal . This made me very frustrated . Talking to my boss did no good . He did n't care that what he was doing was illegal . I decided to quit that job .
PERSON gets in trouble	PERSON hated school more than anything else . He especially hate Mr PERSON 's English class . He decided that instead of going to class , he would hide . He hid in the bathroom , but one of the students told on him . PERSON ended up getting detention for a week with Mr. PERSON	PERSON was a trouble maker Her mom always told her no horseplay in the house One day she was roughing around the house She accidentally broke her mom 's favorite vase PERSON was grounded for a month	PERSON was just a good ole country boy . He wanted to sing country music . He had his eye on this white girl in school . PERSON went up to her and put some moves on her . PERSON got slapped and the girl ran away crying .	PERSON has lost his job . He starts to sell movies illegally . One day he sold a movie to a man . The man turned out to be a police officer . PERSON is arrested and taken to jail .	PERSON is having a sleepover . PERSON decides it would be fun to watch adult tv . He and his friends watch the playboy channel . PERSON 's mother walks in on them watching it . She turns the tv and grounds PERSON for a week .
kicked out	PERSON was drunk at the bar . He kept hitting on girls that were n't interested . He was cut off at the bar . Eventually he got too loud and rowdy . They had to kick him out .	PERSON was at a house party . He started drinking . He kept drinking too much . Eventually he started making a scene . PERSON was asked to leave party .	PERSON was in the Army . He lived on a base . One day he was driving with alcohol in the back . He was kicked out of the army . They said he had an open container of alcohol .	PERSON was accidentally shot by his teammate in the army . PERSON did not sustain much damage . He was angry so he beat the shooter up . Because of that , he was discharged from the army . He ends up being homeless .	PERSON was fifteen . It was his birthday and his family forgot . He acted up and got into a fight with his dad . He was kicked out and told never to return . He never did .
tent	Our building is sponsoring a barbeque tomorrow . They usually have it in the backyard of the building . They put a tent up there , but most of the tables are outdoors . Today , because of possible rain , they put the tent in front . They sent an email saying we could sit in the clubroom indoors .	PERSON and PERSON went hiking . They went on a multiple day excursion . On their first day they suddenly noticed the sun was setting soon . They quickly stopped and set up the tent in the remaining sunlight . They had a great and successful camping trip .	PERSON went camping with his brother . Neither of them had ever camped before . As night fell they tried to set up their tent . But neither boy could figure out how to do it ! They ended up in just their sleeping bags that night .	PERSON loved the outdoors . He decided to buy a tent despite never having been camping . He kept the tent for three years . He never used it . He sold it online for less than he paid for it .	PERSON threw a huge summer party . But to his dismay , it rained that day ! His party was not ruined , however . PERSON had had the foresight to rent a tent . Everyone just partied under the canopy !
fat cat	PERSON had a cat . The cat had been gaining a lot of weight . She took the cat to the vet . The vet recommended a new food . PERSON 's cat started to lose weight .	A kitten was born in an abandoned house . It learned to hunt and survive on its own . Later it was found and adopted by a human . The human coddled and fed it . It eventually forgot how to hunt and became fat .	My cat PERSON does nothing all day . I try to take him on walks but he does not budge . He wants to stay indoors all day and sleep . The only time he moves is for supper or a snack . I 've started leaving a trail of snacks going outside to lure him out .	PERSON 's cat Pebbles was overweight because of being overfed . He could n't even jump on the bed anymore . The veterinarian gave PERSON a strict diet to put Pebbles on . Slowly but surely he began to lose weight . Eventually he was able to jump on the bed again !	The Smurfs had a fat pet cat . It would eat more than the other cats combined . It would often steal the other cat 's food . They tried to put it on a diet . And it worked .
jump rope	PERSON loved to use her jump rope . Her record was one-hundred consecutive jumps . Today , she was feeling pretty good about herself . She tried to have the best jump rope session yet . Before long , she smashed her previous personal record .	PERSON was the best jump roper in the city . She could do amazing tricks . She liked to show off on the playground . One day , she tripped and fell . She was too embarrassed to jump rope after that .	PERSON was playing with her jump rope . She skipped a hundred skips . But then her foot got tangled and she tripped ! PERSON landed flat on her back and lay there , dazed . She decided to be more careful next time she jumped rope !	PERSON had a friend named PERSON next door to her grandparents . PERSON and PERSON wanted to play jump rope . They each grabbed one end of the rope . PERSON realized they only had 2 people , but they needed 3 . They decided to jump together side by side with one rope .	PERSON and PERSON were playing jump rope together . A young boy named PERSON wanted to join in too . PERSON said no because PERSON will try to mess her up . PERSON said yes because he likes to play with PERSON . PERSON and PERSON PERSON PERSON play with them after all .
frog	PERSON beckoned the other boys to come over . He pointed at a frog he 'd found in the river . The boys crowded around , making ribbiting sounds . PERSON lost his footing and suddenly slipped . He fell down right on top of the frog , smashing it flat !	PERSON had a pet frog . He was playing with it on a sunny afternoon . It jumped around really fast . It jumped really far and kept going towards the street . PERSON buried his frog that day .	A frog jumped into the road . The bicyclist almost hit it . The bicyclist stopped . He picked up the frog . He kept the frog as his pet .	There was a frog on the ground . The frog had spots on its back . PERSON picked up the frog . PERSON studied its spots . PERSON set the frog back down .	The girl found a frog in the grass . She picked up the frog . She cupped the frog gently so it would not jump away . She brought it home . She let the frog out inside of her house .
kickball	They met at a kickball game . They both had kids who were playing . They sat on the log and talked for a long time . They found out they had a lot in common . They decided to have a playdate with their kids soon .	PERSON and her friends loved to play kickball . Everyday at recess they would run to the field . They had a blast kicking the big red ball . PERSON and her friends were always there everyday . They spent many afternoons playing and having fun together .	PERSON was playing kickball with his friends . Suddenly , it started raining . Everyone went home . PERSON stayed to play kickball by himself . PERSON ended up having more fun playing alone .	I drove to my kickball game after work . When I got there , i drank a warm up beer with my team . The game was going to start at sunset so we walked to the field . We played a good game and came out winning . Then we drank another beer and toasted to our victory .	PERSON is the best kickball player in my gym class . The boys did n't believe her when she said she could kick a home run . When she stepped up to the plate , she was ready . She kicked the ball so far that everyone on the bases made it home ! Next time , I want PERSON to be on my team .
the well	A hiker came across a well in the middle of clearing . He took out his water bottle in preparation to fill it . The hiker raised the bucket in the well . Raising it got easier as it got higher up . When it got to the top the bucket had a hole and was empty .	A farmer bought new property . The property had a well on it . He inspected the well . The water was clean . He drank the water .	PERSON was walking home when he heard the sound of a cat . He looked around and eventually traced the sound to a well . At the very bottom , a kitten cried for help . PERSON ran to get help . With the neighbor 's help , he rescued the kitten and brought it home .	PERSON liked to play around everywhere . His mother told him to not play near the well . The well looked fun . So PERSON played near it . He ended up falling in it .	We have been digging a new well for my cabin for two hours . We have not reached the water and are not sure why . I do not know if I have enough money to go all the way to the water . The well operator said he would give me a discount on the price . I decided to keep drilling and hit water at two hundred and ten feet .
spring cleaning	The Shaker family decided to do spring cleaning one weekend . PERSON found a family of roaches in the basement . They sprayed them and then sprayed the perimeter of the house . There were no more roaches after that . PERSON was very glad of that .	Sue thought the county yard sale was the solution to spring cleaning . She filled her van with junk and donated it to the sale . Sue came home feeling like she 'd accomplished something . Then she saw her husband 's truck pull in loaded with her stuff . Her husband got out , telling PERSON about the great buys at the yard sale	PERSON was spring cleaning . She sent her kids outside to play . Then she washed her cupboards and floors . Soon the house was sparkling clean . PERSON was so happy with her clean house !	It 's August and I just realized that Spring never came . Sure , the months that Spring normally visits definitely came . However , Spring is usually marked by the inevitable Spring cleaning . I never managed to quite work up the fever of Spring cleaning though . Perhaps I 'll do all my Spring cleaning in the Fall .	PERSON decided to spend the weekend cleaning . She cleaned out all of her closets . She washed all her windows . PERSON even scrubbed her walls . By Sunday night , PERSON 's house was cleaner than ever .
date	PERSON was infatuated . She 'd met a man in a department store . He shared her love for clothes . One day she asked him out on a date . Only to find out he was predictably gay .	PERSON was on a date . he was very nervous about it . He booked a table and started waiting . 30 minutes in and she still has not showed up . He got stood up .	PERSON was best friends with PERSON . PERSON started dating a man of a different race . PERSON 's friend PERSON stopped taking her phone calls . PERSON was so hurt to find out that her friend was racist . PERSON continued to date the man anyway .	PERSON had asked PERSON for a date . She accepted , but he had so little money ! He was worried , until he thought of a plan . He rented a video and made some popcorn at home . The couple watched at home and had a great time !	PERSON really liked PERSON . He resolved to ask her on a date . he steeled his nerves and pulled her aside . Then he asked her out . To his joy , PERSON said she would go on a date with him !
shock	My friend PERSON dated Sue in 1980 . He and his sister were in college with her at the time . He kept asking Sue out for date , and she finally said yes . At the date PERSON said she was gay and liked PERSON 's sister . PERSON was shocked .	PERSON was an electrician . He was working on a panel . He put his tool into a place he should n't . He got a very severe shock . The shock threw him back across the room .	PERSON was driving along the highway . She was thinking of the events that took place at work that morning . PERSON had been called into her supervisor 's office . Her supervisor told her to pack up her desk , she was laid off . PERSON was in shock as she drove , not knowing what to do next .	PERSON came out of the bathroom with his hands yet . He went to the kitchen to prepare some toast . When he touched the toaster , he got shocked . He fell flat for a moment , but eventually woke up . The toaster was thrown away since it broke .	PERSON was stunned . Her crush had just kissed another girl . She stared out the window as her grandma drove home . Her grandma asked what was wrong . PERSON sat silent , she was too hurt to answer .
ghost	PERSON was sleeping when all of the sudden he heard something . He thought it was a ghost . He screamed for his dad . His dad came running into his room . His dad soothed him and he went back to sleep .	Tim honestly believed in ghosts . His friends ridiculed him because of it . He became upset at their indignation . The realized that his feelings were hurt quickly . They apologized for being so insensitive .	PERSON was convinced there was a ghost in his house . His mom assured him that ghosts were n't real . PERSON was n't convinced so he decided to set a trap . He heard what he thought was a ghost and tossed a net over it ! Underneath the net was his dad and they both had a laugh about it .	PERSON was sleeping . He then woke up and he saw something . It looked like a ghost . He blinked his eyes and it disappeared . He then woke up again .	My sister in law 's husband died while a young man . They had three children . The nine year old boy was very sad . One day he saw a man who looked like his father and he got scared . He ran home to his mother , thinking he had seen a ghost .
public speaking	PERSON used to be nervous to speak in front of people . He took a speech class in college . It taught him all sorts of ways to effectively public speak He passed the class with flying colors . He now speaks publicly all the time .	PERSON was never comfortable with public speaking . His boss gave him a speaking slot at the monthly meeting . PERSON was extremely apprehensive about how he would perform . He prepared and practiced his speech until he knew it thoroughly . PERSON received many accolades from his colleagues about his speech .	During my first year of college I enrolled in a public speaking class . Public speaking was almost an area I struggled with . In the beginning of the class , my presentations were horrid . However , I became more and more confident in my ability to speak . Now public speaking has become second nature to me !	PERSON had always been very shy , and did n't like speaking in public . She knew it was a fear she 'd need to overcome to be successful . She decided to take a class on public speaking . The class involved presenting speeches to classmates in small groups . PERSON became more confident that she could speak in public .	I was a shy kid . I had to give a speech . Once I got on stage I realized I was n't brave enough . I ran off stage and the audience laughed . I realized that public speaking was not for me .
new life	PERSON married his high school sweetheart . When their son graduated high school they struggled . They were redefining their relationship . PERSON filed for divorce . He moved out and wanted a new life .	PERSON used to have lots of money . She lost it in a bad financial investment . Luckily , her parents let her move home . While at home she rediscovered her love for math . Now she teaches math at her old high school .	PERSON did n't like her work at all . She was grumpy when she woke up , at work and back home at night . She decided it was time to change her life . She decided to move to a new city . There she found a better job that satisfied her needs .	PERSON married his high school sweetheart . The couple bought a house and quickly had a baby . They had another kid and were married for 15 years . PERSON suddenly realized he was gay . He filed for divorce and left his family .	PERSON and his wife are expecting a child soon . He hopes for boy while his wife wants a girl . To PERSON 's surprise , when the day came he was blessed with a daughter . Although he had hoped for a baby boy , PERSON could n't be happier . PERSON 's love for his daughter strengthened his marriage forever more .
dream	PERSON wanted to be an actor . He decided to learn about the craft and take acting lessons . He then headed for LOCATION in hopes of having some success . He went to a lot of auditions and finally got chosen for a role . He was very happy and delighted to finally reach his dream .	PERSON fell asleep for a nap one afternoon . He had a lovely dream of kissing a girl . Then he stirred and opened his eyes . PERSON saw that his dog was slobbering on his mouth ! Disgusted , he got up and quickly brushed his teeth .	We had our 2 year old granddaughter over from NYC last weekend . She left on Labor Day , from LOCATION . I had a dream last night . I dreamt we took her to a beautiful zoo . I miss my granddaughter .	PERSON dreamed of developing a life simulation game . So he knew he had to practice programming . But he dreamed so much that he did n't practice . And he did n't develop the technical skills to create his game . Months later , he regret all the dreaming he did .	I had a bad dream . My dream was so bad , I kicked the covers off . My screams woke my mom . PERSON ran in my room . She woke me up to end the dream .
moving away	PERSON moved across two states to be with the love of her life . She met him online , in a forum for Mturk . Nobody believed them at first , until they moved in together last month . They are planning to get married and start a new life together . They 're happy and content .	I am moving away from my family home next month . It will be the first time I do not live at home . I want to bring a keepsake with me to remember home by . I carved a wooden block into the shape of my home state . I intend to attach it to the wall above my desk after moving .	PERSON had to move from one city to another with her parents . She was sad to leave all of her friends behind . When PERSON went to her new school she was very nervous and afraid . PERSON had a hard time making friends at first . After a while PERSON eventually made new friends and was happy again .	PERSON 's friend PERSON moved away for a new job . This made PERSON feel lonely and sad . PERSON phoned PERSON and they talked all night . They arranged for PERSON to go and visit for a holiday . PERSON loved seeing her friend and felt much happier .	PERSON was in an unhappy marriage . One day , she decided that she would leave her husband . She asked her husband to leave and put their house up for sale . The house sold , and PERSON moved to a little cottage by the bay . PERSON was happy and felt that she made the right choice .
the bus	PERSON liked adventure . He decided to live in a bus . He could drive anywhere he wanted . He decorated the bus and put a bed in it . He was ready to take an adventure .	The friends were frustrated . They had been waiting for their bus for four hours ! FInally , they saw the bus driving towards them . When it got to them , the driver said they were full . The girls had to wait longer .	The team was traveling to a game . They got a very fancy bus . It had tv screens and a bathroom . The team felt great as they rode across the state . They were pumped up and ready to play !	PERSON went to find her school bus to go home . She arrived in time to see the buses driving off , one by one . As they drove past her she pretended not to care . She called her mom , but she did n't answer . PERSON walked all the way home alone .	PERSON loved to ride her school bus and was never late for it . Until one day , she overslept . She awoke just in time to hear the bus rumble past her house . She ran after the bus but was n't able to catch it . For the first time ever , PERSON had to walk to school .
teamwork	There was 30 seconds left in the 4th quarter . Our starting quarterback left the game since he got hurt . The team did n't want PERSON to replace his position . On the contrary , the coach trusted him . PERSON ended up making a pass that ended up as a touchdown .	PERSON was a star volleyball player . Unfortunately , she really struggled in math . She would n't be allowed to play in the match unless she aced the exam . Her teammates helped her study all night . PERSON aced the exam and played in the match .	PERSON grabbed her tools from her locker . She was excited about what the day might hold . Her hair was pulled back and her goggles were on . Her boss directed her to where she might excavate . She wondered what secrets the large rock might contain .	I watched one of my friends in a cross country race . He was with a few people from one team . That team alternated who would go out front . It wore down my friend . He tried to chase every leader .	PERSON was a great basketball player . He could score lots of points and pass very well . In the championship game PERSON could n't score enough points . The rest of his team worked very hard to help PERSON . Together they won the championship game !
the wolf	The man was hiking alone in the woods . He saw a wolf standing in the distance . He was very afraid . He yelled at the wolf to go away . The animal crept back into the shadows .	The teenagers were out hiking on a trail . It was calm and peaceful . Suddenly , they spotted a wolf up in front of them . He was huge and menacing . They yelled at him and he ran away .	PERSON owns a farm . One day , he noticed all of his cows were making noise . PERSON ran outside and saw a wolf circling the cow pen ! PERSON yelled and ran towards the wolf until it fled . PERSON was very thankful his cows were unharmed .	I once saw a wolf . I was walking in the woods when I saw him . He was patrolling the woods . He was so big . I ran home very quickly .	I was out walking by the river one night . It was dark and snowy . I saw a wolf standing by a snow bank . We stared at each other for what felt like a very long time . I slowly backed away and went home .
the wait	PERSON 's car died and needed to be towed off the highway . PERSON and PERSON waited in his car for AAA with the air on . They were told the tow truck would arrive in 2 hours . After 3 hours they called AAA back to find the status of the truck . There were too many breakdowns due to the heat , the truck was delayed .	PERSON was waiting for his friends outside of the cafeteria . He began getting restless of waiting . PERSON decided to go inside the cafeteria to look for them . According to the waiter , they had left about ten minutes ago . As a result , he decided to go to the movies alone .	I went to the theme park for the rides . I went to the most popular ride in the entire park . The line was very long . I stood at the end and waited for my turn . The line slowly moved forward and I with it .	PERSON worked from home and had a question . She asked in the chat room and waited for a response . The supervisor was helping someone else with a complex issue . After 20 minutes she helped PERSON . PERSON kept her caller informed of the delay and avoided escalation .	There was a small maple tree in PERSON 's yard . He watched it during a storm as the acorns fell . There was at last a single acorn on a branch . A mighty gust tugged at the acorn . PERSON did not move from his window until the last fell .
driving	PERSON loved exploring and seeing the country . He enjoyed taking long road trips . PERSON rented a car . PERSON wanted to drive from LOCATION to LOCATION . PERSON drove from LOCATION to LOCATION .	PERSON was an office employee . PERSON had a long commute to work . PERSON listened to the radio on the way . PERSON enjoyed listening to NPR in the mornings . PERSON grew to love listening to NPR for his entire life .	PERSON was really angry . So she decided to take a drive and listen to loud music . But someone cut into her lane without signaling . And PERSON only became angrier . PERSON decided to drive the person off the road and was never caught .	I got my drivers license today . My first trip was to the grocery . A fellow driver did not use his blinker and ran into me . I called the police and filed a report . The other driver had to pay for the damages .	A few years ago I was teaching my brother how to drive . He was incredibly nervous , which made me nervous as well . I would yell when he would mess up , and make him mess up more . I eventually figured out to stay calm and help him do the same . He is a very accomplished driver now , and I was glad to help .
driver 's test	My mom took me to get my liscence a few days after I turned 16 . I was nervous about taking the driving test . As I pulled out of the parking lot with the examiner , I hit the curb ! I pulled myself together , doing great the rest of the test . Fortunately she did n't fail me just because I hit the curb !	I was nervous because I was about to finish my driver 's test . Having someone right next to you grading you is nerve wrecking . I messed up a little at the beginning of the test . However , I redeemed myself at the end . I ended up passing the test .	PERSON drove down the street carefully . The man in the passenger 's seat coached him and took notes . PERSON flashed his blinkers and turned into the parking lot . As he put the car in park , he looked at the man expectantly . PERSON ended up getting his driver 's license that day .	PERSON was nervous about her driving test . He had failed it once before . The instructor tried to help her relax . PERSON was able to do well . She passed and got her license .	PERSON was really nervous the morning of his driving test . He wanted to get his licence so badly ! He got into the car with the examiner . She told him what she wanted him to do . He did n't make any mistakes so he left with his driver 's license .
a bad day	He woke up late and rushed to the bus stop . The bus was running really late . This day is not starting off good , he thought . Then it began to rainy . When it rains , it pours , he thought to himself .	On the way to work , my car died I called in to let them know , and no one answered . It took the tow truck over 90 minutes to get there . I tried calling work several times over the 90 minutes , and nothing . When I got into work , they gave me trouble .	PERSON was having a terrible day . His coffee had spilled and he was also late getting to work . Once at work he realized he forgot important work materials . He went into his office and began to cry . A coworker seen this and consoled him until he felt better .	Her boss yelled at her for her mistakes . She spilled coffee all over her keyboard . She ripped her skirt on the way home . She was so upset she cried when she got home . She hopes tomorrow will be a better day .	Today , I awoke to the unexpected sound of thunder . This weather concerned me because my car window is broken . I quickly ran outside to my car . But , it was too late . My leather seats were damaged .
fried chicken	I was invited to a company picnic . I wanted to bring some food that was very tasty . I looked up a recipe for fried chicken . I brought the chicken to the picnic . Everyone loved my chicken .	PERSON wanted to make fried chicken . He bought all the ingredients . He even bought a fryer . He was so excited to make his own chicken . PERSON 's chicken turned out perfectly .	PERSON made fried chicken for her mom . It took a lot of work to use the deep fryer . She finally sat down to try it . It was not flavored enough . Her mom complimented her but PERSON felt bad .	I have never made fried chicken before . I looked up a recipe online . I was missing some of the ingredients . I substituted with what I had at the time . My first fried chicken turned out perfectly .	PERSON 's speciality was fried chicken . However , something happened this time . As he was cooking , he got distracted . PERSON 's chicken turned black . It was ruined and he had to order pizza .
parking ticket	PERSON parked her car in an illegal spot . She returned to find a cop writing her a ticket . she tried to convince him to stop . He told her it was too late . She drove off angrily .	PERSON was furious when he saw his car . He had gotten a parking ticket . He was angry because the meter only expired by a few minutes . PERSON thought it was unfair and went to court . The judge ruled that the ticket was unfair and he did not have to pay .	PERSON had to go to court downtown . He parked at a meter . The court proceedings took longer than expected . PERSON was n't able to feed the meter while inside . He went back out to find he had gotten a parking ticket .	Ally needed to run into the grocery store . The only parking spaces were really far away . There was one handicapped space available . Ally parked in one of the handicapped space . Ally got a parking ticket .	PERSON was late arriving for an appointment one day . She circled the street but could find nowhere to park . She decided to park in a handicapped spot . When she came out from her appointment , she grimaced . There , on her car , was a ticket for using the handicapped spot !
a good deed	Teddy was driving when he came across a woman on the side of the road . He pulled over and asked if she needed help . Her car had broken down a mile down the road and she needed help . Teddy called his dad who has a tow truck and gave the woman a ride . Teddy felt good about being able to help someone else out .	PERSON was walking to the supermarket . On her way there she seen a homeless man . He did not have any shoes on . PERSON offered to accompany him to the shore store and buy him a pair . The man was so grateful and enjoyed his new shoes .	My sister called me today and said she ran out of gas . I told her to hold on and I went to get some gas for her . She was a good hour away from my house . She was so thankful that she bought me lunch ! It felt good to do something nice for someone else .	My daughter 's friend passed away unexpectedly . Her friend 's cat was taken to the animal shelter . My daughter loves animals and rescued the cat from the shelter . She flew with the cat to bring it to her friend 's parents . His parents were very appreciative , and they are now friends .	PERSON was leaving work on Tuesday . She noticed a man dropped his wallet in the parking lot . She ran all the way across the lot to give it back to him . The man was so happy that his wallet was returned . Because PERSON was so honest , he gave her 20 dollars .
the math test	PERSON was terrible at math but he had a quiz that day in it . He studied that morning before breakfast and on the bus . He was nervous he was going to fail . When the time came , PERSON took his time and tried his best . He got his score back the next day and he passed !	PERSON 's teacher told the class they would have a math test on Friday . PERSON brought his math book home every day to study . He had his mother quiz him on a number of problems . PERSON felt ready to take the test on Friday . PERSON 's teacher graded the tests and he got a perfect score .	PERSON had a math test in the morning and was really nervous . He walked into his class and took out his supplies . When he got the test , PERSON read every question carefully . He made his way through the test and turned it in . PERSON felt very good about this math test and was proud .	PERSON has a very important math test next week . He is really worried about passing with a good grade . PERSON decided to ask his teacher for ideas on great study tips . His teacher gave him some really great studying advice . The next week PERSON passed his test with a perfect score .	PERSON forgot to study for the big math exam . She was worried she would fail the class if she did n't do well . PERSON decided to cheat off of a classmates test . The teacher caught PERSON copying her classmate 's answers . PERSON was given a zero on the test .
the flower	PERSON got a flower for his birthday . He did n't know much about plants . He put it in a corner and left it alone . He never watered it . PERSON 's plant died .	Alone in a meadow grew a beautiful flower . PERSON walked through the meadow thinking how existential life was . She then saw this breathtaking flower . With everything she was she wanted to pick it . This showed her the true meaning of life is just to live .	PERSON loved to take walks in gardens and see flowers . Once she watched a butterfly on a flower for a hour . In that moment PERSON wished to be a butterfly . She imagined that it would be fun to fly around all the flowers . PERSON cut a few flowers and took them home with her .	Today I saw a beautiful flower . I decided to pick it for my wife . I gave it to her when I picked her up from work . She loved the flower and thanked me many times . I was glad that the flower made my wife happy .	I would walk by a beautiful flower everyday on my way to work . It seemed to become more vibrant with each passing day . One day , I noticed that it was limp . Finally , the flower died . I realized that all good things must come to an end .
new boss	The man went to work . He heard he had a new boss . The new boss avoided him . The man wondered why . The new boss fired him at the end of the day .	My boss quit and promoted me to her job . I was n't looking to be promoted and I was quite surprised . Honestly , I think I 'm not qualified to be the boss . I read some books on leadership this past week though . I seem to be doing better so I guess that 's good .	My niece 's new boss started this week . He is a manager from another state division . He started showing up at 7 Am , 1/2 an hour before starting . He asked his staff to do the same . They filed a union grievance .	PERSON has a new boss at his job . He meets him for the first time . The boss is very sarcastic . PERSON does n't like him much . He thinks about quitting .	PERSON had been working at her company for three years . When she arrived to work today she found out she got a new boss . PERSON was both surprised and relieved . Yet to her dismay this boss was mean . She found herself missing her old boss .
new home	PERSON was a stray dog . He was in a shelter for many months . He did n't think he would find a family . One day a woman came to the shelter . She adopted PERSON .	PERSON and PERSON wanted to buy a new house for their growing family . They contacted a real estate agent . The agent helped them find a nice neighborhood with good schools . They found a nice house on a quiet street and bought it . They moved in and enjoyed their new home .	My niece is engaged . She and her fiance are having trouble finding a home . Recently her fiance 's father proposed buying an old church . It is zoned as a home and is selling for $ 115K . She is excited as they can afford the mortgage .	PERSON was looking for a new house . He contacted many realtors but his dream home seemed out of reach . One day he saw an ad in the paper for a custom home builder . He worked with a man and designed his own home . Now PERSON lives happily in a home he helped design and build !	The PERSON lost their house in a storm last month . They considered rebuilding . Most of the family did n't want to live in a stormy area anymore . So they bought a new home elsewhere . Now they feel more safe and secure .
the tent	PERSON wanted to go camping very badly . He convinced his girlfriend to accompany him . The two of them spent the night in a leaky tent . PERSON 's girlfriend was very upset with him . When the two returned she broke up with PERSON .	PERSON was going camping . She bought a new tent . It was roomy . She invited ten friends to camp with her . They all had a great time .	The family was going camping . They bought a new tent . It was big and nice . They spread their things out in the tent and tried to sleep . It started to rain and the tent leaked !	PERSON was camping in the wilderness . He was using an old , rickety tent . It had a big hole in it . He hoped it would n't rain . He covered up with a blanket and went to sleep .	I bought a new tent a few days back . I decided to camp with my new tent for a test run . When I was camping there was a light rain . The tent stayed nice and dry . I was ready to use the tent with my family since it was preforming .
field trip	During the first week of school PERSON 's class did lots of team building . They took a field trip to the mountains . They spent time kayaking in a small creek . Afterwards , they splashed and played in the water . By week 's end , everyone felt closer to their classmates .	Miss PERSON was counting the kids in her class getting on the bus . Today the class was going on a field trip to the art museum . The kids were all very excited . They arrived at the museum and had a fun time coloring their own art . The kids and Miss PERSON got on the bus to go back to school .	One year my school offered us a field trip . I was n't completely sure if I was going to go so I asked some friends . My friends told me they would likely be going so I considered it too . When the deadline for the paperwork approached I still was n't sure . I ended up asking my best friend if he was going and I went with him .	The 2nd grade class is going on a field trip today . They are going to the aquarium . The entire class is excited as they load up in the bus . When they entire the aquarium , all there mouths open . They are amazed by all the aquatic life .	The teacher took her students on a field trip . They misbehaved . When they returned to school , they all received detention . The students were banned from field trips . Their parents were mad .
the fair	The fair came to town a few weeks ago . They had a lot of interesting attractions . They also had a different musician every night . We went on opening night . They had fireworks at the end of the night .	PERSON and PERSON went to the fair . They ate fried food . They rode rides . They saw a concert . They ca n't wait for next year .	Jasmine went to the fair after work . She mostly walked around watching people have fun . A worker there gave her an envelope and told her to open it . When she opened , it said she had won a new puppy . PERSON told him she had enough bills and gave it back to him .	The kids worked all summer on their projects for the county fair . On fair day , they gathered the items up . They set them out for the judges , nervously . They each got a blue ribbon ! All their hard work had paid off .	PERSON was at the state fair with his friends . He bought a lot of fried food . Then he went to go play the carnival games . He was not very good at the games and wasted a lot of money . PERSON left the fair feeling very angry .
nervous	PERSON was nervous . The patient beside her was bleeding from a bad needle stick . She hoped that the technician did a better job for her turn . Luckily she had a different technician . It only took two tries for the IV needle to work .	I had a big play to do . I practiced all my lines . I got up on the stage . I was still very nervous . I performed the part perfectly .	PERSON was very nervous ! It was performance review time . He knew he had had a good year , and he planned to ask for a raise . He steeled himself to ask-but before he could , his boss interrupted . The boss offered PERSON a raise - much larger than the one PERSON had wanted !	A poor man was nervous at hollywood party . He went up to a famous person and asked a question . He asked about who the famous person would like to meet . This opened up a topic for conversation as the answer as unique . They had a great conversation and the poor man was not nervous again .	As the doctor gave me the first shot , he told me I would be nervous . I thought he meant I would get scared . When I got home and sat on the couch , I found out what he meant . I could n't stop my legs and arms from trembling . I tried to be still , but even in my sleep , I trembled all day .
cut	The cut was bleeding steadily . PERSON had nicked it against the edge of a brick . Now it was spurting blood and turning the snow red . He wrapped some medical cloth around it . The bleeding stopped and he went on with his day .	PERSON 's brother pushed her as hard as he could . She fell backwards and hit a dresser . Her left hip struck the corner of the dresser hard . PERSON grabbed the wound , and winced . She decided it might be best to leave him alone .	PERSON cut class one afternoon . But later that day , the teacher saw her in the hallways ! He sent her to the office with an explanatory note . When the principal saw PERSON had cut class , he punished her . He gave PERSON two hours of after-school detention .	PERSON was out playing in his yard one day . Suddenly , while running , he stepped on a rusty nail . The nail punctured his foot , causing a lot of pain ! PERSON 's mom rushed to take him for a tetanus shot . Afterwards , she bandaged PERSON 's foot and kissed it softly .	PERSON was cutting potatoes . She accidentally cut her finger . She tried to cover it with a bandaid , but it kept bleeding . She decided to go to the walk-in clinic . It turns out she needed stitches .
steak	My mom ordered a steak from the restaurant . She requested that be cooked well-done . When the server brought the food out , the steak was still red . Mom sent the steak back and the server was embarrassed . The steak was finally brought back cooked correctly .	PERSON only ate her steak well done . When she was out to dinner she ordered her steak . The waiter brought it to her and she looked at it . When she cut into it , it was still pink . PERSON felt bad , but immediately sent it back .	PERSON had always found steak too tough for her liking . Then one day her boyfriend promised to change her mind . She waited curiously as he cooked them both steak and potatoes . As she bit into the steak , she had to admit - it was incredible ! Her boyfriend explained that it was a tender cut called Filet Mignon .	PERSON was on a budget and had very little money for food . He loved meat but had to buy very cheap , tough , chewy cuts of steak . Then his mom bought him a Crock Pot and taught him to use it . PERSON started slow-cooking his steaks overnight , and he was amazed . Even the toughest meat cuts became so tender and soft !	PERSON was eating cheezits and slim jims for dinner . His mother told him there were steak and mashed potatoes . PERSON did n't like anything except prepackaged foods . His mother put the steak in a ziploc bag and handed it to him . PERSON then thoroughly enjoyed the steak .
focus	PERSON had trouble focusing on any task at hand . And he did n't know what was causing it . He decided to eat healthier and exercise . And his mood was much better throughout the day . Months later , PERSON was much better at focusing .	PERSON entered his first chess tournament last week . He was intimidated by the big names of some of the participants . He lost his focus and lost the first two game . His coach told him to focus on the chess board and not on the player . PERSON took his coach 's advice and won all the remaining games .	PERSON could never focus . All he wanted to do was play Xbox . His parents decided he needed to be active . They signed him up for baseball . He immediately fell in love with it and made new friends !	I had a task to do . It was very complicated . I could not focus on the task . I drank a cup of coffee to help . I was able to work on the task .	PERSON wrote a script to focus a field on a website . He thought it would make him more efficient . When PERSON ran the script it worked exactly as he expected . He was able to more efficiently complete tasks . PERSON was happy and became more confident in his skills .
fireworks	For 4th of July PERSON 's parents were taking her to fireworks . She had never been to a real display before . She was very excited as darkness fell . Finally the first firework exploded into the air . She was surprised at how loud it was !	It was independence day and PERSON wanted to see the Fireworks . She jumped into the car and waited for grandpa . Before they got to the park they hit heavy traffic . They were stuck so long the fireworks began to go off ahead of them . PERSON rolled down the window , stuck out her head and watched .	I was at the lake with my family . We were shooting bottle rockets . We kept seeing how many we could shoot at once . We finally got up to 100 at once . They went in so many directions .	Since it was Independence Day , we decided to light fireworks . We carefully selected a good spot to place them . We lit the fireworks , then ran away . The fireworks exploded into a shower of beautiful colors . It was a great way to celebrate .	PERSON had gotten fireworks from his older brother . He went into the woods to set some off . But he accidentally blew off the tip of his thumb ! Screaming , he ran for help . PERSON vowed never to touch fireworks again .
bad PERSON	PERSON could play many musical instruments well . She decided to stop by the music store . She picked up a saxophone and began to play it loudly . The store manager frowned at her and shook his head . PERSON put down the saxophone and headed toward the drums .	PERSON was mean to his pets , kicking and hitting his dogs . Everyone hated him , but they did n't know what to do . Then one day PERSON kicked his dog in front of a cop on the street . The cop took PERSON to jail ! Now bad PERSON is behind bars and ca n't kick anybody .	PERSON was in a lot of trouble . He went to a bar last night and punched a man . It turned out this man was the owner of the bar . The owner had it all on CCTV . The owner gave it to the police , and PERSON was charged with assault .	PERSON rode her bike to Walmart . She rode inside and knocked down all the shelves . The security guards chased her around , but she was too fast . PERSON returned home that afternoon to see herself on tv . PERSON was wanted by the police for her antics .	PERSON wanted some candy . His wallet is empty . PERSON has to steal a candy bar from the gas station . The attendant saw him do it . Now PERSON has to pay a big fine .
PERSON goes camping	PERSON was a city boy . He had never been outside in the woods . His friend PERSON decided he was going to take him . PERSON was so set against enjoying camping . PERSON ended up loving the wilderness and had a great trip .	PERSON is going up north . He is going camping . He is going to sleep in a tent . He will go for a nature hike . He is excited .	PERSON wanted to get his family outside . They were too busy on their cellphones and computers . PERSON told them they would go camping that weekend . PERSON boarded the kids up and headed into the woods . PERSON and his family shared a weekend to remember in the woods .	PERSON had a strong love for camping One day she went camping with her friends Her and her friends set up the tents , and made a fire They roasted hot dogs and Marshmallows over the fire They had a very good time and barely slept	PERSON had always been afraid of the outdoors . His friends encouraged him to come camping , but PERSON said no . Finally PERSON decided to face his fears . He took a short camping trip and loved it . Now PERSON 's fear of camping is just a memory .
the magician	The magician had always been inspired by magic . As a little boy he practiced on family and friends . Eventually they got tired of the magician performing tricks . The young man did not lose faith and continued working on his craft . The magician now headlines his own sold out show in LOCATION LOCATION .	There was once a poor magician who loved to perform shows . He practiced his talent and it grew greatly year by year . He started to perform shows and sell out every single one . His latest trick was to make an audience member disappear . Unfortunately it worked too well for they never found the volunteer !	PERSON went to the park . There was a magician in the park . He pulled a rabbit out of his hat . Then he put the rabbit back inside the hat . The rabbit disappeared and PERSON was astonished .	The couple had never gone to a magic show before . They were excited to see what would happen . The magician came out and began to perform his tricks . They were amazed and loved every second . The couple had a wonderful time and both agreed to go again .	PERSON wanted to be the greatest magician who ever lived . He talked his parents into getting him a magic set and lessons . He spent countless hours practicing and failing . He started to grow weary , but his father talked him through it . He performed his first show and did everything perfectly .
angry dog	PERSON was five years old and loved the play outdoors . One afternoon , she was playing with dolls in her front yard . She saw a dog coming down the street . She stood up to go see the dog , but the dog started barking . PERSON ran inside with the dog chasing her and stayed indoors .	PERSON walked downstairs to leave for work . When he opened his front door , a large dog was standing there . The god looked very angry and began to bark at PERSON . PERSON ran inside and grabbed his bottle of mace . He sprayed the dog who began to whimper and went on his way .	PERSON was delivering mail . An angry dog got out of its yard . It started chasing PERSON . PERSON stood his ground and pepper sprayed the dog . The dog whimpered off .	PERSON was at the park . He ran into a random dog . PERSON tried to approach it but the dog seemed angry . It barked and tried to bite PERSON . PERSON decided to call animal services .	PERSON has a neighbor with a mean dog . It always barks and acts aggressive . One day it got out of the yard and attacked PERSON . He was seriously hurt . The dog had to be put down .
rats	PERSON went into the basement . He was going to do laundry . But then he saw a rat . He was terrified ! He hurried back upstairs instead !	PERSON had rats in her house . She decided to catch them and release them outdoors . She set traps all over for them before bed . In the morning , she collected the traps and took them outdoors . She dumped the rats out of the traps and over the fence in the yard .	PERSON was used to finding rats in his basement . But when he found a whole family that took the cake . It did n't feel right to kill a whole family . So instead of calling the exterminator , he built them a small house . A month later they had doubled in size and took over .	There were a lot of rats in my house . I went to the store to buy traps to get rid of them . I bought a lot of traps that day , but I did n't buy enough . I used all the traps but there are still a lot of rats in my house . I 'll have to buy some more tomorrow .	Last summer , during my nightly swims , I saw rats in the trees . I would hear squeaking in the branches and see glowing eyes . It freaked me out and my husband did n't believe me . I googled it and found that rats can climb trees . He did believe me when he had to scoop two out of the pool .
the throw	PERSON took out some eggs and heated up a pan . While he waited for the pan to warm , he juggled with the eggs . After a few tosses he dropped an egg on the floor . PERSON cleaned up the mess . By the time the floor was clean , the pan was ready .	PERSON was a good quarterback . He threw a 50 yard touchdown pass in the playoffs . Everyone talked about how amazing it was . He was so famous for that one throw . No one could remember what else he had done .	The game was all tied up . The quarterback dropped back in the pocket . He saw an open receiver out the corner of his eye . He flung the ball towards him as the clock expired . Touchdown , they won the game .	A boy walked down the street while bouncing a small ball . In the distance he saw a bucket . The boy stopped walking and held the ball . He brought his arm back and threw the ball . The ball landed in the bucket and bounced out .	A boy pick up a rock at the beach . He felt the texture and inspected it for smoothness . He approved of the rock for a skipping stone . The boy brought his arm back and waited for calm water . During a lull he threw the stone and it skipped 11 times on the water .
karma	I wanted to be popular so I stole a popular shirt from the mall . I did n't care for the shirt at all , but just wanted to fit in . Everything seemed to be working out until next week . The police showed up and knew I stolen the shirt . They caught me on the security camera .	PERSON boxed up all of his Christmas decorations . He brought them to the curb to throw away . While waking he tripped and fell All the decorations fell out and made a mess . PERSON felt like he deserved this for throwing away it all .	I 've always been a big believer in karma . Especially since a girl who was mean to me in school is fat and ugly . I sent a picture of her to some friends expressing that and laughing . Later that day , I fell and sprained my wrist . That 's karma and I should have known better .	PERSON was a generous man . He would give shelter to anyone who needed it . PERSON shared everything he owned with everyone . PERSON fell upon hard times and needed help . Many people rushed in to help PERSON with his needs .	PERSON was a taxi driver . He was taking a passenger to the airport . After he dropped the passenger off , he noticed a bag in the taxi . He opened the bag to find five hundred dollars . PERSON ran after the passenger and returned the money .
camping trip	PERSON wanted to go on a camping trip . So she got her friends together to go . But when they got there she got scared . They saw a wolf . PERSON then wanted to go home .	Every year my family goes camping in the backwoods . It is always a total blast . This summer we decided to go in the mountains . We got a tent and stayed for about a week . We ca n't wait until next year .	My cross country coach had planned for us to sleep in beds . But the accommodations for our team camp fell through . So we went to her parent 's house to camp out . We had to figure out how to make the best of it . Some people did not like camping out .	I went on a camping trip last Summer . I stayed at the campgrounds for two days . The weather was nice and warm . I spent time with friends and family . I am looking forward to my next camping trip .	Every year my family and I go on a camping trip in the woods . We drive up north into the mountains . This past summer we went camping in LOCATION LOCATION . We had a great time . I ca n't wait to go back .
big brother	PERSON was very nervous . His mom had just had a baby . He feared he would be a bad big brother . Then he held his little sister and saw her smile . He realized that he would be a great brother because he loved her !	PERSON hated it when his little brother PERSON followed him around . PERSON did n't like that PERSON was always asking him questions . One day , PERSON had to bring PERSON along to a friend 's house . PERSON decided to leave PERSON at his friend 's house for the night . After going home , PERSON 's mother grounded him for a week .	PERSON loves the TV show Big Brother . He has watched many seasons of the show . He decided that he wanted to be a contestant on the show . He applied to be cast on the show with a video . He was selected to be a contestant based on his casting video .	PERSON was always picking on his younger brother PERSON . One day PERSON got tired of being bullied . PERSON hauled off and hit PERSON square in the nose . PERSON had blood everywhere . PERSON has learned not to pick on his younger brother .	PERSON went to the store for cigarettes . When he got back home , his mom handed him the phone . He was shocked to hear his younger sister screaming on the line . He calmed her down enough to find out where she was . PERSON raced to his sister 's location as fast as he could .
lottery	I had found to my delight that I had won the lottery ! I received my check for a million dollars . I spent it all on a car , clothes , shoes and furniture . After only 3 months , I had spent all of the money . I am now as poor as I was before I won the lottery .	PERSON was poor but always tried to buy a weekly luxury . One week she decided to buy a lottery ticket . She watched the drawings on TV that night , excited . The large jackpot was a million , and she did n't get it . But then she saw she had won the small pot : a thousand dollars !	Cole always dreamed of winning the lottery . He noticed some lucky numbers from his fortune cookie . Jokingly he drove to the gas station to buy a ticket . He decided to use to lucky numbers from the cookie . Cole was shocked that he managed to guess the winning numbers .	Icy noticed that the state lottery was very high . The jackpot was ten million dollars ! Icy decided to buy a ticket . She did not win the lottery . But she had had a great time playing and hoping !	PERSON decided to buy lottery tickets every week . She always bought them in the same place . She always used the same number . She lost on 100 consecutive tickets . PERSON decided to stop buying lottery tickets .
scary movies	PERSON had been watching a lot of scary movies . She was having trouble sleeping . PERSON began to sleep with the light on . She was n't sleeping well . PERSON stopped watching scary movies .	I went to see a scary movie the other day . It was about zombies . Everyone around me thought that the movie was very scary . I did n't think the movie was that scary . That made me feel very brave and fearless .	PERSON was sleeping at a friend 's house . The boys were watching scary movies all night . PERSON had nightmares the following nights . He got very little sleep . His parents no longer let him watch scary movies .	PERSON was dating a girl who was easily scared . He decided to have a horror movie night . She reluctantly agreed . PERSON 's girlfriend was scared and stayed close to him . PERSON 's plan worked perfectly .	My friend PERSON invited me to see a scary movie the other day . I do n't like scary movies at all , but I told him I would go anyways . We went to the theater and bought popcorn and drinks . When the movie started I was nervous that it would be too scary . Fortunately , the movie was n't that scary and we had a good time .
horror movie	PERSON was recently invited to the movies with a coworker . PERSON was excited to get out the house and see a movie . PERSON met the coworker and asked what movie they would be watching . PERSON was shocked to find out that they were watching a Horror movie . PERSON was mortified of horror movies , as he always has nightmares .	PERSON wanted to see an action movie but PERSON wanted to see a comedy . They argued back and forth trying to find a compromise . When PERSON arrived , he said he wanted to see a horror movie . PERSON and PERSON refused to go . PERSON then proposed to pay for popcorn and sodas , and they all went .	PERSON loved scary movies . He heard great things about a new one . He was excited to go see it . He even got opening night tickets . The movie turned out to be disappointing .	PERSON took PERSON on a date . PERSON loves horror movies . They went to see the newest one . She made PERSON watch the whole thing . PERSON went home crying .	PERSON watched a horror movie . She was terrified watching the film . PERSON was almost too scared to go to bed . She had to sleep with the light on ! The next day , PERSON was very tired .
competition	PERSON was in a local cooking competition , and doing quite well . Her first two courses had been great , and she only had dessert left . Baking was her specialty and she was already dreaming of victory ! She was so caught up , she did n't hear the timer go off . Her dish was n't done in time , and she was disqualified .	PERSON wanted to audition for the local singing competition . He listened to many songs before hearing the one he wanted to sing . He was nervous but no one in the audience could tell . PERSON sang the song with no mistakes at all . The judges announced PERSON as the winner .	PERSON is very competitive . Her friend challenged her to a spicy-food-eating competition . PERSON hates spicy food . Regardless , she accepted the challenge . PERSON did not even come close to winning .	PERSON is very competitive . He always tries to beat everyone he competes with . One day , PERSON 's brother challenges him to a game of chess . PERSON lost the chess match to his brother . Now , PERSON tries to be less competitive and more understanding .	PERSON had some competition . He was trying out for the baseball team . Suddenly , all of his friends wanted to try out too . He got so worried that he practiced 5 hours a day . When tryouts came , he blew them all away .
happy birthday	PERSON was having a birthday party at her house . She could not wait to blow out the candles on her cake . Before , the cake , PERSON played games with her family and friends . PERSON 's mother brought out the cake . PERSON finally got to blow out the candles on her birthday cake .	PERSON is making pancakes for her sister 's birthday . PERSON is n't quite sure how to make them . She tries following a popular recipe . She waits for her sister to try her pancakes . They were raw in the middle .	PERSON woke up alone on his birthday . He looked all around his house but no one was home . PERSON was sad to be alone on his birthday . Suddenly , his family and friends jump out and reveal a surprise party ! PERSON had a great birthday with his friends and family .	For my twentieth birthday , my friends decided to surprise me . I was on my way to lunch from church and they kidnapped me ! The covered my face and stuffed me in a car . When I arrived to the party I almost cried from their kindness . It was the best birthday I 've had .	PERSON 's birthday is coming up . She asks her mom if she can have a party . Her mom says no . On her birthday she decides to go shopping with a friend . When she gets home she walks into a surprise party !
actor	PERSON was an actor . He had to do a cartwheel in one scene of the movie . The director did not like the cartwheel that PERSON did . PERSON had to do cartwheels all day until the director was happy . PERSON went home with a backache .	An actor decided to watch all of the movies he acted in . He was very nervous that he 'd hate it all . He judged himself harshly . He went through 20 hours of movies . He did not think he did too bad .	PERSON is moving away from his home town . He is going to LOCATION to become an actor . His brother threw him a huge going away party . He spent four hours saying bye to his best friends . He promised to stay in touch with each of them .	PERSON had always wanted to be an actor . He was in all the school plays as well . He worked hard in school and went to acting school . After that , he went to LOCATION . PERSON was able to be in a lot of movies .	PERSON was performing in the community play . He had invited his grandparents to come see him . He hoped he would perform well in the play . He wished to impress his grandparents . He was gratified when They told him they 'd loved his performance !
belt	Ivy needed a belt because her jeans were too big . But she did not own one and her mom 's were too small ! She asked her dad for some help . He made her a belt of rope from his garage . Ivy thought her new belt was functional and fashionable !	The conveyor stopped working . The workers had to move boxes by hand . The workers hated this . The repairman came . He was greeted as a hero by the workers .	PERSON was an office worker . PERSON noticed he had a larger waist than when he was a younger man . He noticed he had to use the last notch on his belt . He took that as a wake up call to lose weight . PERSON lost all the weight and felt better than ever .	PERSON had a very luxurious belt . It was even studded with diamonds . One day he lent the belt to his friend . The next day , his friend lost the belt . Now , PERSON has to purchase a new belt .	Nala was trying to lose weight . She gauged her progress by her favorite belt . Every month she slipped it into a smaller hole . Soon she was wearing her belt as tight as possible ! Nala was proud of her weight loss .
the plant	Today I bought a new plant . The plant needs a lot of sunlight . I put the plant in the window . The area by the window was very cold . I had to move the plant away from the window to keep the plant warm .	PERSON bought a plant for her apartment . She was enthusiastic about it at first . After a while she stopped caring about it . She almost never gave it water . Eventually PERSON 's plant died .	PERSON got a plant for her birthday . She did n't know much about plants . She learned how to take care of them properly . She took very good care of her plant . It grew to be beautiful and tall .	PERSON planted a shrub in her yard . It grew and grew . Soon it was taller than her ! She pruned it back . The next year , it doubled in size .	PERSON likes plants . He bought a new plant last week . She put it on the balcony . Then she forgot to water the plant for two days . The plant died .
dirty clothes	PERSON had n't done laundry in a long time . He ran out of dirty clothes . He was running late for school . PERSON decided to wear dirty clothes . He smelled bad in class all day .	PERSON looked for a clean pair of pants . He looked in the closet to find none . He looked in the dryer for a pair . He looked in his car . He bought a new pair at the mall , again .	PERSON had n't washed his clothes in a long time . He did n't have anything clean to wear . He considered wearing dirty clothes but they smelled too bad . PERSON decided to just buy new clothes that one time instead . He then washed his clothes as soon as possible afterward .	There were dirty clothes on the ground . I picked them all up . I put them in the basket . I took them to the laundry room . I placed them in the washer .	PERSON did n't have any clean clothes to wear . He decided to wear dirty clothes . He sprayed himself with cologne to cover up . His co-workers were not tricked . PERSON was told about his bad aroma .
the new dress	Joy bought herself a new dress . She looked in many stores to find one . She finally found it after hours of shopping . It was beautiful . She bought it immediately .	PERSON bought a new dress . It fit her a bit tight . She figured she would just lose a couple of pounds . The dress stayed in her closet for a long time . Eventually she gave it to Goodwill .	There was a new dress PERSON wanted . She decided to save up to buy the dress . PERSON decided to earn money by babysitting . PERSON put aside the money she made babysitting . She soon had enough to buy the dress .	PERSON wanted to buy a new dress . She was going to a friend 's wedding , and wanted to look nice . PERSON searched all over town for the perfect dress . She was almost ready to give up , but she decided to try one more store . The perfect dress for PERSON hung right in the window .	PERSON bought a new dress . It is very sparkly and pretty . She bought it from a small boutique in town . They have the prettiest dresses there . You should visit the store sometime .
fancy dinner	PERSON wanted to take his girlfriend out to eat . He tried to take her to a fancy dinner . He grew up poor and did n't know what that was , though . PERSON took her to what was actually a mid level place . PERSON 's girlfriend was not impressed .	PERSON saved up to have a fancy dinner with his partner . It took PERSON almost a month , due to his meager earnings . PERSON and his partner decided to go to a nice steakhouse . It was alright , but PERSON felt that it was overpriced . PERSON resolved to get better value for money in the future .	PERSON was at a fancy dinner . He was nervous . He did n't want to do anything embarrassing . He ate as neatly as possible . When it was over , everyone said he did fine .	PERSON took his girlfriend to a fancy dinner . He got all dressed up . He got reservations long in advance . PERSON even looked over the menu to see what it was . His girlfriend appreciated all the details .	PERSON was invited to dinner by his girlfriend . He was n't paying attention to the details . It was to meet her family . PERSON was n't prepared and did n't bother to dress up . Her family was surprisingly understanding .
the spider	PERSON loved to tease his sister , PERSON . One day , PERSON was delighted to find a plastic spider at a store . After purchasing it , he hurried home to place it on PERSON 's desk . He waited around the corner until she went to her desk . He found her screams hilarious !	PERSON saw something out of the corner of her eye . It was a giant spider ! She tiptoed out of the room , looking for something to hit it with . She came back in with a dictionary . She gave the spider a big whack and smashed it .	PERSON hated spiders . She found one in the bathroom . She screamed and ran out . PERSON 's boyfriend ran to see what the problem was . PERSON got him to get rid of the spider .	PERSON went into his room one morning and saw a giant spider by a hole . He stood there thinking of how to kill it without getting bit . He ended up taking too long and the spider hid in the hole . After waiting awhile he finally gave up and sprayed bug spray by it . The next morning he found the spider dead outside the hole .	PERSON felt something run across her foot . It was a giant spider ! She swatted it away . It ran under her bed . She could not sleep that night .
wisdom teeth	I had my wisdom teeth removed when I was twenty-eight . I was very nervous to have a surgery for the first time . Upon coming out of the surgery , I felt great . The medicine was still affecting my judgement quite a bit . I asked the nurses if I could keep the teeth they had removed .	PERSON 's wisdom teeth were really bothering her . She was nervous about getting them removed . But she grew desperate , so she scheduled the surgery . After the surgery , she found that the horrible pain was gone . PERSON was so glad she 'd gone through with the surgery !	PERSON got his wisdom teeth removed . He was miserable . His face was puffy . He spends the day eating ice cream . The ice cream was the one good thing about it .	My sister had her wisdom teeth taken out a few weeks ago . Her friends all warned her about how hard recovery would be . She chose instead to listen to the surgeon 's advice . She kept ice packs on her cheeks for 16 hours afterward . She ended up recovering within just a day or two !	The girl felt pain in her mouth . Her dentist said it was her wisdom teeth growing in . She scheduled a time to get them removed . It hurt a lot but was worth it in the end . Soon , she was pain-free !
PERSON plays guitar	PERSON dreamed of becoming a guitar player . He decided to buy a guitar and start practicing . PERSON slowly became a better guitar player . He was committed to practicing . PERSON was happy to be closer to his dream .	PERSON was an amazing guitar player . He played songs for his friends after school . One day , he played his songs so loud his parents had to scold him . He was embarrassed for being so loud . From then on , he had to play quieter .	PERSON wants to find something to do this afternoon . He decides to play his guitar for a while . PERSON plays three songs that he loves . After playing he feels much better . PERSON is glad that he found something to do .	PERSON has always wanted to learn how to play the guitar . He decides to start practicing . At first he finds it very difficult . However , eventually he improves . PERSON is glad to be learning the guitar .	Ophelia is feeling bored one day . She decides to spend some time playing guitar . PERSON plays guitar for about an hour . She feels better . She is happy that she no longer feels bored .
PERSON 's restaurant	PERSON opened a restaurant with his son . He taught his son to make the best pasta in the state . They advertised all over for their grand opening . Hundreds of people ate there that day . Their restaurant will be open for years .	PERSON wanted to start a business . She decided to start an Italian restaurant in her home town . She hired a world famous chef to lead her kitchen . Her restaurant eventually became very successful . It was featured in many magazines and TV shows .	PERSON 's family owned a small restaurant . It had been in the family for several generations . PERSON grew up helping his parents and grandparents work there . One day , PERSON went to the restaurant and found it was on fire . PERSON and his family have now lost their life 's work .	PERSON had a dream of opening a business . She opened a restaurant downtown . It was a lot of hard work . Soon , she got some loyal customers . She felt great seeing lots of people sitting at tables in her cafe .	PERSON owned a restaurant . He hired a cook that did n't care about his work . The cook did n't clean after himself . The kitchen was a mess . PERSON 's restaurant got closed by the board of health .
moving	PERSON decided to move to a new home . She asked a friend to help her with moving . They packed and moved some stuff . Her friend accidentally broke PERSON 's favorite vase . PERSON told her friend not to worry about it .	PERSON was moving to a brand new state . When she first left home she was devastated to go . In the middle of the trip she felt more bittersweet and bored . But as they neared their new home she felt excited . She could tell right away that the move was a good thing .	I lived in LOCATION . My parents got new jobs . We packed our stuff in boxes . We put them in the moving van . We moved to LOCATION .	I had to move cities for my new job . I only had 3 days to move . I rented a big truck . I packed all my things away . I showed up at my new house and everything was broken .	PERSON had to move recently into an apartment . Before she moved she had put her stuff in storage . Unfortunately the stuff she needed was buried in the storage unit . So instead she went to the store and bought the stuff she needed . PERSON got many nice new kitchen items as a result .
my new car	My car was old . I needed to buy a new one . I shopped around . I went to a Honda Dealer . I bought a honda civic .	I ended up leasing a Hyundai Accent a few years ago . It is light blue , and has great gas mileage . I mainly use it for work , and sometimes out of town trips . It has turned out to be a reliable car . If I end up having to buy another car , I will buy a Hyundai .	My car was very old . It kept breaking down on me . I went to the dealer to look at new ones . It was a hard decision . I chose a white Toyota .	I had been looking all day for the perfect new car . However none of them seemed right . Maybe it just was n't my day . Then I looked across the street and saw a beautiful BMW . My eyes lit up , because it was perfect .	My old car was not working anymore . I decided I would get a new one . I went to the dealership . I listened to the salesman 's pitch . He helped me find the car or my dreams !
learning	A little baby was barely born . It grew a little older . It 's parents read a book to it . The baby learned new words . It said them a few months later .	Chase does not know how to write his name . His mother wrote his name out for him to copy . PERSON spent many hours practicing his letters . Finally he was able to write his name . His mother bought him a toy as a reward .	PERSON thought LOCATION was the best country and hated all others ! Then his class did a unit on global governments and cultures . PERSON learned a lot . He realized that he could love his country and still like others . PERSON learned a lot about respecting different cultures !	She had to admit she was learning a hard lesson . Her choices had led her down a difficult path . She sat quietly , thinking about where she wanted life to take her . She did n't know what to do , mulling it over for hours . In the end , she knew she had no control over anything .	PERSON decided to learn French before a trip to LOCATION . He ordered lesson books way before he had to leave . Every night he worked hard at learning the language . Sometimes he would work on it all night long . His hard work paid off and he was fluent in French when he got there .
army	PERSON joined the Army at age 18 . Her family did not approve at first . But after a few years they saw the benefits . PERSON was happy and made decent money . Soon PERSON had all her family 's support !	PERSON wanted to join the army . He went to the recruitment center to apply . There , they examined him thoroughly . Afterward , they told PERSON his poor hearing disqualified him . PERSON was disappointed that he could n't join the army .	PERSON signed up to be a part of her country 's army . She was worried she would not get the best position assigned to her . Fortunately , her commanders recognized her potential and her skills . PERSON was assigned to a good position for a person with her talents . She serves her country proudly .	I 'm in a long distance relationship right now . I am deployed overseas in the army . My girlfriend and I video chat every now and then . In two weeks I get to go home and see her . I 'm looking for ways to pass the time so time goes by faster .	PERSON 's dad was in the army . PERSON missed his dad . He did not know what to do . One day Ted got a package in the mail . It was a picture of his dad to keep PERSON from being lonely .
ice skating	PERSON wanted to take PERSON on a fun date . He decided to take them ice skating . Fred and PERSON had a lot of fun ! PERSON asked PERSON to be his girlfriend during the date . Since she had so much fun , PERSON said yes .	PERSON went ice skating one day . It was his first time ice skating . He strapped his skates tightly and clambered out into the rink . He was cautious at first , but then loosened up . PERSON was a wonderful , natural ice skater !	PERSON was clumsy . He tried ice skating but it did n't go well . He fell down and broke his leg . The ambulance came to help him . He got a cast and some crutches .	I wanted to try to ice skating . There is a rink that was close by , so I went there . I laced up my skates and put on my gloves . I went out on the ice and kept falling down . I wo n't ever skate again !	PERSON wanted to go ice skating . But she did n't have a pair of ice skates ! She asked her cousin to borrow her a pair . He agreed and gave them to her . PERSON had a great time ice skating in her borrowed skates !
lost money	PERSON was at the store checking out . She looked in her wallet but could n't find her money . She looked in other parts of her purse . She realized there was a line forming . PERSON could n't find the cash so she paid with her card .	PERSON did n't trust the banks . He kept most of his money in cash . He would bury it out in his yard . One day PERSON had a heart attack and died . Everyone dug up his yard looking for money .	PERSON was in the bakery buying bread . She handed over a $ 50 bill to the cashier to pay . She got the chance and went out of the store . The wind was so strong that it took the money away . She tried to catch it but it was gone .	One day PERSON was driving home from work . He needed to drop by the cleaners to pick up his clothes . As he got out of his car he saw something green on the ground . As he stepped closer he saw that it was money . There were 10 100 dollar bills laying on the ground !	PERSON just had a check in his hand . He walked in the house from his truck . He thought he put it on the table . He looked back in his truck . The check was laying on the ground .
long hair	I have had long hair most of my life . I 've been getting a bit annoyed with it lately as it is boring now . I spent months wavering on whether to cut it . In a sudden moment of determination I lopped off my pony tail . I was worried I would regret it , but it 's great !	PERSON always wanted to have long hair . PERSON tried all sorts of hair growth treatments to grow her hair . However , none of those treatments worked effectively . PERSON decided the best way to have long hair is to get a weave . PERSON was pleased with her longer hair , even if it was not hers .	The woman went to her hairdresser . She asked for a short haircut . The hairdresser cut it even shorter than she expected . She thought she looked like a boy . She hid inside her house until her hair grew out .	I cut off all my hair one day . It was short like a pixie cut . I went to my grandma 's house . She got very upset because my hair was gone . She chewed me out saying long hair was a virtue .	PERSON let his hair grow out . After a while he had a long ponytail . PERSON decided to cut it off . He donated his hair to a charity . PERSON felt good about his haircut .
PERSON loses a bet	PERSON was having a fun game of basketball . He was playing with his friend george . Suddenly PERSON challenged him to a bet . PERSON accepted the bet with confidence . PERSON lost by 20 points and was humiliated by PERSON .	PERSON bets he can swim faster than his friend . They get into the pool . They begin to swim . They race each other . PERSON loses the race and the bet .	PERSON was watching the baseball game . He was very confident in his team . PERSON decided to bet a day 's wages on his team . PERSON 's face begin to turn red as the final score was shown . PERSON lost a day 's wages betting on his team .	PERSON is playing his buddy in a game of basketball . PERSON makes a bet he could beat his friend for 20 dollars . PERSON plays the game with his friend and loses . PERSON is humbled and pays up to his friend . PERSON wo n't be making any more bets in the future .	PERSON was playing a video game with PERSON . The two were playing call of duty . The winner would be the one who gets the most Kills . PERSON loses to PERSON and has to run around naked in the street . PERSON is totally humiliated running through the street naked .
pierced ears	Fran 's mother wanted to pierce the baby 's ears . It was a tradition to pierce all girl babies ' ears after birth . PERSON was uneasy with the idea , she wanted to wait . She tried to talk to her mother , who did n't understand Fran . Fran ultimately decided not to pierce her baby 's ears .	PERSON gave birth to a baby girl last week . Her mom wanted to have the baby 's ears pierced now . It 's a family tradition for the girls ears to be pierced after birth . PERSON did not approve of this . PERSON 's had the baby 's ears pierced without her consent .	PERSON had just had a baby . She wanted her baby to have pierced ears . They went to the piercing parlor . The piercer swabbed the baby 's ears and pierced them . PERSON 's baby barely even cried !	PERSON 's roommates convinced her to let them pierce her ears . They put two ice cubes in front of and behind her earlobe to numb it . PERSON jabbed the sewing needle through PERSON 's numb ear . PERSON fainted from the pain . They decided not to pierce her other ear .	PERSON wanted her ears pierced . She went to the mall piercing shop . She drew in a deep breath as the technician approached . Then she gasped in surprise when he 'd finished . The piercing had hardly hurt at all !
gardening	The old man like to tend to his garden . He went outside and plowed a small patch of grass for his new crop . He planted seeds for lettuce , peppers , and cucumbers . He watered the plants every day . After a few weeks , he had fresh produce .	Last month I bought some flower bulbs from the garden store . I planted them in my yard . I watered them everyday . One day they had grown into beautiful tulips . I gave the tulips to my grandmother .	I like helping mom with the garden . The flowers are really pretty . They smell good too . I always want to pick the flowers . She let 's me when they 're ready .	PERSON loved to garden . She spent lots of time taking care of her many plants . The crows and rabbits wanted to eat the vegetables in her garden . PERSON put a scary scarecrow in the garden . The crows and rabbits did not eat her plants because they were scared .	PERSON loved landscaping . One day he decided to plant a rose garden in his yard . He picked out some lovely roses . They were planted into his yard . Now PERSON gets to enjoy the smell of roses .
the debate	PERSON has been gearing up for the annual debate . Each student must sound off on their topic of expertise . PERSON topic is solar energy . The day of the debate he lost his cue cards . Fortunately enough he was skilled in his topic he won the debate .	PERSON watched the political debate . The candidate PERSON supported kept switching his position . PERSON watched the entire debate . He thought the other candidate might be more qualified for the job . PERSON decided to vote for the other candidate .	A group of us got together to watch the debate . We had a diverse group show up . We debated back and forth on our own . We had some really good conversation . I think we will do it again .	At school we decided to have a mock debate . We chose two groups of people . Each group took a side . The teacher gave us a topic to debate . We went back and forth debating our views .	PERSON walked on stage for her first debate in front of a crowd . The judges began to ask questions to the two speakers . After answering the questions , PERSON felt very nervous about arguing . PERSON pulled herself together and debated her opponent her hardest . After a long , hard debate , PERSON defeated her opponent and won .
exchange	Will bought his wife a sweater for Christmas . She thanked him politely . Will thought he scored a homerun with that gift . Will 's wife took the sweater to the store where it was bought . She exchanged it for a nice bottle of perfume !	PERSON went to LOCATION on a student exchange program . She was nervous at first - LOCATION was so foreign . But soon she was very comfortable there . She even learned to speak fluent Russian ! At the end of the semester , she hated to leave .	The family got an exchange student . The student spoke good English . They all communicated well . They became good friends . They all traveled to the exchange students country .	Last week PERSON 's class took pictures . Today was the day the pictures came back . Her friends were exchanging photos . PERSON did as well without asking her mother first . Her mother was very angry she had given away the photo 's .	Ivy 's parents announced that they were taking in an exchange student . Ivy was unhappy at first because it meant living with a stranger ! Ivy was shy and thought it would be a challenge . But the new student was shy too , so soon she and Ivy bonded ! They worked to overcome their language barrier and become friends !
fantasy football	PERSON was obsessed with fantasy football for three years . He played the game instead of spending time with his family . A month ago , he missed his daughter 's recital because he was playing . PERSON 's wife told him to choose between the game or his family . The first smart thing he did in three years was to quit that game .	Last year , PERSON finished dead last in his fantasy football league . He faced endless abuse from his friends as a result . Determined not to finish last again , PERSON studied every player . He conducted analyses and come draft time , was extremely prepared . Unfortunately , he finished last yet again .	We have a draft every year to pick our players . We often times meet up and are in the same room . It provides an opportunity for good bantering . My brother this year thought he had the best team . But he did n't and now he is in last place .	I used to watch football because I liked it . Then I joined a fantasy football league . Now I watch football because I want to win . I literally catch myself hoping certain players will get hurt . Fantasy football has kind of ruined football for me .	PERSON takes Fantasy Football very seriously . To prepare , he listened to podcasts on the best player picks . He boasted to have taken part in over 1,000 mock drafts . When the season started , he was by far the most prepared . PERSON went undefeated and won our league easily .
PERSON 's business	PERSON was unhappy at his job for a long time . One day , PERSON quit his job and went home . The next day , he went to the bank and got a business loan . PERSON set up a burger restaurant , and started getting lots of customers . Now bob is very happy !	PERSON dreamed of being a businessman . He decided to start a small store in a tiny town . As the town grew , more and more people purchased from his store . PERSON 's store became the most popular store in the town . PERSON had become a successful businessman .	PERSON wanted to start his own business . He bought a used food truck . PERSON started selling tacos out of his food truck . His business became a success . PERSON sold his business for a million dollars and was able to retire .	PERSON is good a working with his hands . He decided to get a job in carpentry . He worked very hard and learned carpentry skills . PERSON decided to use his carpentry skills to start his own business . PERSON soon transitioned to work only on his business .	PERSON needed money badly . She did not know what to do . PERSON loved art and children . She decided to open a face painting business . She made lots of money and ended up happy .
orange juice	PERSON loved fresh orange juice . She decided to buy a juicer and make her own . She also bought a large supply of oranges . When PERSON set up the juicer , she could n't figure it out . She finally got it to work and had orange juice every morning .	My mom bought a new type of orange juice the other day . It was very different from the type we usually get . This orange juice has pulp in it . I hate having pulp in my orange juice . So I went to the store and bought pulpless orange juice .	PERSON wanted some orange juice with her breakfast . She looked in the fridge but she was all out . PERSON decided to go to the orange tree in the backyard . PERSON picked about 10 oranges off the tree . She squeezed some juice and had it for breakfast .	PERSON had a whole bunch of oranges . She was really thirsty . She put them in a juicer . She drank the orange juice . She shared with her friends .	I walked into the kitchen . I got a glass and some orange juice . Just as I removed the cap , the bottle slipped . It fell to the floor . I cleaned up the huge mess , frustrated and frazzled .
birthday cake	For her birthday , PERSON 's dad was going to bake a cake for her . He 's never baked a cake in his life . PERSON requested a blueberry cake . Her dad spent all night baking . It was the best cake PERSON ever had !	PERSON did not like birthday cake . His girlfriend knew that . His favorite sweet was cookies . So she make him a cookie cake . PERSON was so surprised and loved it .	PERSON buys her son PERSON an Oreo ice cream cake for his birthday . She asks the man at the counter to write Happy Birthday on it . He asks what color icing she would like it written in . PERSON picks blue , her son 's favorite color . PERSON thinks his birthday cake looks delicious .	PERSON baked a cake for PERSON 's birthday . As she was bringing it to the table , she tripped and fell . The cake splattered all over the floor . PERSON was upset that she ruined PERSON 's birthday . PERSON said he did n't like cake anyway .	My son 's third birthday was today He likes the color blue . We decided to get him a small cake with blue icing . He loved the look and taste . He was very happy eating it .
the creek	The kids walked down to the woods . They liked to splash around in the creek . They played for hours until they were tired . They gathered their clothes and shoes and went home . It had been a great day !	PERSON was splashing and laughing . He was down at the creek , just like he 'd been when he was a kid . He caught tadpoles and then laid in the grass . The creek was his favorite spot as a child . He 'd enjoyed it as an adult , too !	PERSON was riding the four wheeler . As she went through the creek , water splashed on her . When she got home , she started itching . She looked down and her skin was red . The creek was full of parasites .	The family drove to the creek to have a picnic . They spread the blanket out and sat down to eat some food . The scene was so peaceful ! They chatted and dined on their lunch . When the food was gone , they all laid on the blanket and rested .	The kids loved playing in the water . They all walked down to the local creek . They splashed around in the water . They even caught a fish ! It was a great day down at the creek .
missed bus	The bus came to my stop . Several kids were walking inside . Since I woke up late to dress for school , I was n't near the stop . The bus left as soon as I was running to the stop . My parents took me to school since I missed the bus .	PERSON used to wait on a bus stop for a school bus every morning . This morning he came a little bit later than usual . He found out his bus left without him . He called his mom . She took him to school by car .	Working late one night , PERSON hurried to the corner but missed her bus . It was the last bus home , and PERSON could n't afford a cab . Hurrying back to her work , PERSON found all of her coworkers gone . With no one to give her a ride , she realized she 'd have to walk home . Walking a scary hour in the dark was a lesson to always have cab fare .	PERSON missed the bus in the morning . He walked to school . He got to school one hour late . The principal of the school told his mom . His mom grounded PERSON for two weeks .	A woman was sitting on the bench in front of my building . She was waiting for the bus , about fifty feet away . She got distracted by a text message . When she looked up , the bus was coming . She ran but missed the bus .
lice	PERSON 's cats brought in lice . There were too many in the house . They would constantly bite him when he walked . He buys a lice killer bottle It gets rid of the problem .	The school was checking kids for lice . One boy had lice . Everybody in the school found out . The kids made fun of the boy . The boy became very angry inside .	PERSON 's mom was distraught when she found lice in her daughter 's hair . Out of spite , PERSON said she caught the lice from a girl she despised . PERSON 's mom called the girl 's mother . The next day at school , PERSON saw the girl she blamed . The girl was crying and her hair was hacked short .	PERSON 's little girl came home very itchy one day . When PERSON inspected her , she saw something terrible . Her daughter had lice ! PERSON hurried out to buy the treatment shampoo . Soon her daughter 's lice were gone .	PERSON had gotten head lice from a friend . His friend thought it was funny and laughed at him . PERSON did not find humor in the situation . He tried everything to get rid of the lice . PERSON now hates his friend for giving him lice .
broken laptop	PERSON got a new laptop . She used it everyday . All the sudden though it stopped working . So she had to take it in . PERSON got it back a week later .	My daughter received a new laptop to replace a broken one . A day after she got it she told me that she broke the new one . She said she tripped over the cat and it fell . I saw the cracked screen and was pretty upset . She finally told me it was a joke and just a screensaver crack .	PERSON had a new laptop . But a few days later it broke . PERSON was so upset . She had spent all that money . But luckily she still had a warranty .	PERSON dropped his laptop . The screen broke . It was basically unusable . He ordered a new screen online . He was able to fix it himself .	PERSON was playing in the house . He accidentally knocked over his brother 's laptop . The screen and motherboard broke . PERSON 's brother was very upset . PERSON had to buy a replacement .
book report	PERSON needed to write a book report for school . He went to the library to find a book . He found an interesting book about PERSON PERSON . PERSON started to read the book , but fell asleep . When he woke , PERSON decided to pick a different topic .	As a child I would always procrastinate on book reports . The worst thing was that I procrastinated on the reading as well . Eventually there would come the final night before the due date . I would have to read as much of the book as possible . Then I would have to also write the entire report in that same night .	My friend PERSON is a pushover to his kids . His daughter PERSON is going into the seventh grade . She had to read a book and do a report over the summer . She finished the book but did not do the report . I told PERSON to ground her but he will not .	PERSON read a book over the summer . The teacher liked he did that . She offered him extra credit for an assignment . He wrote a book report . He got the credit .	PERSON was trying to finish his book report before school . He was n't done writing when the bus drove up . On the bus he continued working and did n't talk to his friends . With some difficulty he was even writing while walking up to the door . He put down the last period just as he entered the classroom .
the competition	PERSON was studying art and his professor told him he was talented . The professor suggested PERSON enter a statewide drawing competition . PERSON felt confident he 'd win and eagerly anticipated the day . The night before , PERSON fell and broke his drawing hand ! PERSON tried using his other hand and won second place .	PERSON decided to join the cheerleading squad at school . She went to watch the other members cheer . She knew it would be difficult to compete with other members . PERSON practiced three times a day before tryouts . PERSON made the cheerleading team the following week .	PERSON had a gymnastics competition on Friday . She worked hard all week . She practiced extra on the balance beam . She did n't fall a single time on Thursday . She got a perfect score at her competition !	PERSON had a basketball game on Friday . He practiced hard all week . He did extra drills after practice . The day before the game , he broke his ankle . PERSON was so disappointed .	LOCATION was going to perform in her talent competition . She was a really good hula hooper . At first no one understood her act . Once she got into it though people loved it . She ended up winning the competition .
beans	PERSON had five kids to feed . She was on a tight budget . Meat was scarce , but then she found a solution . Beans offered healthy protein too , and they were cheap ! PERSON 's kids soon ate beans with every meal .	PERSON 's favorite meal to cook was chili beans . One day for a potluck at work , he brought in his chili beans . Everyone agreed how great that PERSON 's child was . He decided to enter his recipe in a local cooking contest . PERSON won first place in the chili competition .	I decided to make a soup . I put a can of beans in the soup . Alas , the can was damaged . Naturally , the beans were contaminated with botulism . I ate the soup and became extremely sick .	PERSON was visiting a friend named PERSON . She had been there for hours and was now hungry . PERSON sat down to dinner with PERSON and her family . They were served beans and cornbread . PERSON , suffered through the dinner and asked to go home .	PERSON loved beans . He ate them every single day . His mother was worried because that is all he ate . She sat him down and told him to eat different foods . So PERSON made a stake out of mushed together beans .
fireman	PERSON wanted to be fireman . He signed up to join the local fire department . PERSON had to go through extensive training . He failed training on the first round . But on his second try he was able to pass and join .	PERSON was turning 4 and told his mom his birthday wish . PERSON wished to be a fireman for his birthday ! His mom pondered this impossibility , then brightened . She set up a tour of the local fire station with its kind firemen . PERSON got to be a foreman on his birthday after all !	PERSON wanted to be a fireman . He spent all his free time at the local fire house . PERSON soaked up all the information he could . He took the Fireman Certification test . PERSON was proud to pass his test !	PERSON was in charge of driving a big fire truck . PERSON had lots of friends that he worked with . One day a fire started that they had to put out . PERSON rushed to the fire in the fire truck . PERSON was so rushed he forgot to bring his friends along .	PERSON was a fireman . Him and the rest of his co workers got a call . They went in fire truck and drove to the local park . Someone 's cat got stuck on a tree . The fireman got the cat from the tree .
the smoker	PERSON smoked cigarettes even though his parents did n't approve . He snuck out to smoke one night when his parents went to bed . His father saw him smoking on the porch . PERSON got a stern lecture . PERSON 's parents grounded him for a week .	Eds wife thought he had quit smoking , but he really had n't . He had to sneak around and hide it from her . One day , she smelled smoke on his clothes . She confronted PERSON about his smoking and he confessed . PERSON tried hard to quit and was eventually successful .	PERSON pulled out the smoker and got the charcoal ready . The brisket had been cornered and now he retrieved it from the fridge . He put the brisket on the side as he lit the wood and charcoal . Tenderly he placed the brisket on the top shelf of the smoker . After setting the temperature too low , he daydreamed about the brisket .	PERSON was running out of places to smoke . The city passed a law saying you could n't smoke in public . PERSON could n't smoke anywhere he went ! He snuck a cigarette into the men 's bathroom . When he came out , an officer was there to write him a ticket .	When PERSON was in college he had a huge crush on this girl . He thought they would be perfect together . So he decided to ask her out . He was pretty upset to find out she had a bf and was a huge smoker . He just found that to be a really unhealthy habit and moved on .
loud neighbors	PERSON was getting mad at her neighbors . They were far too loud . PERSON wanted to complain . She called them up . They told her they were sorry .	Our neighbors are very noisy and loud . They ignore our requests to quiet down . At 4 o'clock in the am they were still obnoxiously loud . We decided to call the cops . The police got them to quiet down for the night .	PERSON had neighbors who played loud music all day long . She tried to talk to them but they were obnoxious . She also tried to talk to the apartment manager without success . As there was n't much she could do , she stopped struggling . A month later , the neighbors moved and she was relieved .	PERSON 's upstairs neighbors were really loud . He tried banging on the roof . They did n't care and continued being loud . PERSON went up to ask them to stop . They did n't care that time either .	PERSON had annoying neighbors . They would always play loud music late at night . He asked them to stop several occasions . They never really paid attention . Finally PERSON decided to call the police on them .
deadline	I woke up this morning worried about my project deadline . I thought about it all day . I was worried I would not get it done on time . I finally decided to work on the project ! It was close , but I completed it on time !	PERSON had a project deadline for her most important customer . She was n't quite finished when the deadline day arrived . PERSON got to the office early to be sure she had time to finish . She checked her email as soon as she got to her desk . She had a message from her customer extending her deadline for a week .	PERSON had to meet an important deadline at work . She was nervous because there was still so much work to do . PERSON worked through the night to finish . The next morning she handed it in on time . The boss was impressed by her level of commitment .	PERSON needed to turn in a big project on Monday The deadline had been pushed over the weekend . A lot of students were struggling with it . He worked hard and tried his best . Unfortunately it was n't enough and he got a bad grade .	My friends and I went to dinner before going to the concert . When we were planning to leave , a thunderstorm started . To be safe , we remained in the restaurant . The rain stopped after several hours . We were denied access into the concert since we were late .
hide and seek	PERSON was playing hide and seek with her friends . She decided to hide under a box in the shed . She hid under the box quiet as a mouse . Her friends could not find her . She revealed herself and won the game of hide and seek .	PERSON loved to play hide and seek . One day , there was no one to play with . PERSON decided she would just hide for fun . PERSON 's mom called the police when she could n't find her . When the police came , PERSON came out from under the bed .	PERSON was playing hide and seek with his brother . He was hiding under the bed . PERSON 's brother was in the room looking for him . PERSON began to laugh . PERSON 's brother found him .	PERSON likes to play hide and seek with her grandson . PERSON tells her grandson to go hide and she will count to five . One , two , three , four , five here I come . PERSON looks all over but she can not find her grandson . She finds him behind the couch and is relieved .	PERSON was playing with her friend PERSON . They were playing hide and seek . PERSON hid in a tree . PERSON looked for her for hours . PERSON finally gave up looking up for her .
spaghetti sauce	PERSON wanted to impress her boyfriend with an authentic Italian dinner She made spaghetti sauce from scratch . She sauteed vegetables and pureed her own tomatoes . They sat down to eat and PERSON tasted the sauce . It was not good but he ate it anyway .	PERSON made spaghetti for her boyfriend . It took a lot of work , but she was very proud . Her boyfriend ate the whole plate and said it was good . PERSON tried it herself , and realized it was disgusting . She was touched that he pretended it was good to spare her feelings .	PERSON was making her famous spaghetti sauce . As she was adding salt , the top came loose . She poured almost the entire container in her sauce . PERSON was not able to scoop it all out . Her family promised it was okay but PERSON knew it was horrible .	I used to cook with spaghetti sauce from a jar . I began learning that preservatives are harmful to us . I started making spaghetti sauce from scratch . I put in lots of vegetables . People ask for it for special occasions because they love it !	PERSON was cooking spaghetti for dinner . She went pick up the groceries from the store . The tomatoes appeared to be rotten . PERSON picked up a jar of spaghetti sauce . She used pre made sauce instead of homemade .
the couch	PERSON was waiting impatiently . Her new couch would be delivered today ! It was a beautiful leather couch . She could n't wait to put it in her living room ! She had saved for months for this amazing couch .	PERSON noticed a tear in the material on her couch . She went to the store and bought a needle and special thread . PERSON sewed the material on her couch shut . Within days , the tear reopened . PERSON brought the couch to a professional upholsterer .	PERSON was moving across town . He had a huge couch that he needed to move . He asked five friends to help him . They all carried a side and lugged it down the stairs . It took them an hour to get it in the truck !	Growing up we had this hideous couch at my mom 's house . She had it forever . We had a lot of good memories on that couch . When my mom passed we had to decide what to do with it . We just coud not get rid of it .	The boy was n't feeling well . He laid on the couch all day . When he got up , there was a dent in the cushions . He had worn out the couch ! He threw a blanket on it to hide it .
PERSON goes to college	It was PERSON 's first day of college . His parents and brother helped him move in . He brought many things with him from home . After everything was moved in , the family went to dinner together . They talked about the move over pizza .	PERSON never finished high school . He was known as the not so smart kid . PERSON set out to prove everyone wrong . He eventually finished high school and even went to college . He proved everyone wrong .	PERSON has graduated high school . His summer passes by so quickly . It 's time for him to head off to college . He says goodbye to his old friends and family . PERSON leaves for college and never looks back .	PERSON decided to go to college when he was done with high school . PERSON had to pick which college he wanted to go to . PERSON decided he wanted his school to have a big running track . He visited several colleges to decide which one to pick . Eventually , he settled on an out of state college .	PERSON finishes his last day of high school . He heads home to spend the summer with his little brother . They have a great summer together . After summer ends PERSON says his goodbyes . He leaves for college .
the notebook	PERSON wanted to watch a romantic movie with her boyfriend PERSON . PERSON did not want to watch a girly movie . PERSON convinced PERSON to watch the movie with her . They sat down with popcorn to watch the movie . When the movie was over , PERSON was crying .	PERSON was studying chemistry in college . One day he could n't find his chemistry notebook . He searched frantically , but could not find it anywhere . After two weeks , his roommate returned PERSON 's notebook . He had accidentally picked it up and put it in his own backpack .	PERSON liked to be organized . He jotted down notes in his notebook . He would write to-do lists and reminders . One day , PERSON forgot to write down and appointment . He missed the meeting !	Frank liked to make lists . He bought a new notebook just for it . He wrote his grocery list and his to-do list . He loved the way the new notebook opened and closed . It kept him organized .	The student sat down at her desk . She pulled out her new notebook . She filled pages with notes and information . When class was over , she put the notebook back in her backpack . She knew it would help her a lot when she went to study .
toys	PERSON brought his old toys into a Goodwill . He told the clerk he was too old for them . As he was driving home , he change his mind . He drove back to the store to retrieve them . It was too late , a child had already bought them .	PERSON bought a new toy for her daughter . She was very excited to give it to her for her birthday . PERSON 's daughter unwrapped the toy at her party . The toy would not turn on and was broken . PERSON 's daughter was very sad .	I went to toys r us . I had to buy a toy for my child . I found some legos . I purchased it and brought it home . My son loved it .	My nephew 's wife works in a bank . One day a customer gave her a bag of toy soldiers . They came packed in little boxes . I sold them on eBay for $ 600 . My nephew was amazed .	PERSON liked toys alot for xmas . And this year she got alot . But she never took care of them . So her mother donated them to a local charity . PERSON even noticed they were gone .
hamster	I always wanted to have a pet . Last week my mom finally took me to the pet store . She let me get a hamster . I like my hamster because his fur is dark brown . I love my new pet !	My daughter was seven when we bought her a hamster . Her friend had one and she liked the idea . We bought the hamster , cage , and exercise wheel . She did not like the hamster because he bit her . The hamster died after a few months and we buried him .	PERSON 's hamster escaped overnight . He searched for it frantically the next morning . It was still missing by time he had to leave for school . But during the school day , his mom found the hamster ! PERSON was so relieved !	PERSON 's brothers was sad . His pet hamster died . Her brother was distant and just stood in his room all day . PERSON 's check came and PERSON went to the pet store . She bought him a new hamster and he was happy .	PERSON 's hamster escaped while she was at school one day . She looked everywhere when she got home . She almost gave him up for lost ! Then she found him hiding under a shelf in her closet . Relieved , PERSON returned him to his cage .
PERSON 's club	PERSON enjoyed listening to jazz music . He also enjoyed watching stand up comedy . When he inherited some money he decided to open a nightclub . PERSON 's club featured both jazz music and comedy . PERSON was disappointed that his club was not successful .	PERSON loved jazz music . She had a favorite jazz club that she would go to on weekends . One night the jazz club caught on fire and burned down . The club owner did not have insurance to cover his loss . PERSON started a campaign to raise money to rebuild the club .	PERSON 's parents wanted him to join an extracurricular group . PERSON was interested in filming and video . He joined the school 's a/v club . PERSON learned new things and made friends . His parents were happy .	PERSON wanted to start a comic club at her school . She found a teacher sponsor . She made fliers to advertise the club . At the first meeting , there were loads of people who were interested . Now they have a great club .	PERSON wanted to join a school club . She could n't decide which club to join . Her friend told her that the music club was fun . PERSON decided to join them because she could play guitar . The club had a spot open and they happily made her a member .
black eye	Last week PERSON was planting tulips . When she wanted to check them bloom , she ran . Running down the pavement , she slipped . She fell flat on her face . PERSON ended up with a black eye .	My mother had a black eye . She told me she fell . Really my father hit her . It made me mad and scared . I told my friends mother who helped me .	PERSON was at the bar . He got drunk and kept hitting on a girl . She had a boyfriend that did n't appreciate it . PERSON did n't back off and got punched in the eye . He had a black eye for over a week .	My wife was abusive . One time , she gave me a black eye . I went to the police station to report what she had done . The police arrested my wife and she was sentenced to prison . I was happy that I no longer had to fear her .	Walking around with a black eye is awkward . I have to explain to everyone how I got it . Everyone who sees me gives me a strange look . Explaining my story over and over is tiresome . I eventually put on sunglasses so people will leave me alone .
PERSON 's song	PERSON worked at a newspaper , but he like to perform stand up comedy . PERSON was good at comedy , and someone took notice . He was offered a job hosting a comedy show for a local TV station . The writing for the show was bad , and it eventually got cancelled . PERSON regretted quitting his day job at the newspaper .	PERSON was at a bar with friends . It was karaoke night . He wanted to do karaoke but was too scared . His friend 's pushed him to the front and made him sing . PERSON sang karaoke and loved it .	PERSON loves making music . Whenever PERSON has free time , he writes new songs . One day , he finds a flier for a talent show in his town . He decides to participate in the talent show with an original song . PERSON wins after his stellar performance and gets a standing ovation .	Playing on his guitar , PERSON was trying to sing along . His vocals were n't the best , but he kept practicing . Singing random lyrics , he eventually got a bit better . Recording it , he decided to mail it to the radio stations . A few days later , PERSON 's song was playing on a local station .	PERSON wanted to write a song of her own . As she began , she had a lot of trouble . PERSON wrote a letter to a talented musician for help . The musician responded and gave some tips . PERSON confidently tried again .
muscles	PERSON has been lifting weights for years . He decided he wants to enter a bodybuilding show . He finds a show in Vegas and enters . PERSON invites his friends to come watch him in the show . PERSON flexes his muscles on stage .	PERSON wanted to develop more muscles . He started a very strenuous regime . He worked out two hours a day every day . And when his muscles started to show , he was proud . He did n't like that he had to change his whole wardrobe though .	PERSON wanted to have a girlfriend . PERSON 's friend informed him that women like muscles . PERSON decided to lift weights regularly . PERSON noticed women responding more positively to him than before . PERSON continued lifting weights and got the girlfriend of his dreams .	I have tiny muscles . My brother has bigger muscles . He flexed them to show off . He told me to flex as well . I told him I would not .	PERSON was very skinny . He did not have muscles like the other guys . He decided to do 50 push ups a day . It was hard work . Finally after three months , he had muscles .
new laptop	I finally was able to scoop up a new laptop yesterday . I drove to the Apple Store to look at the selection . Everything was beautiful . I found the MacBook Pro which I loved . I ended up purchasing that .	PERSON went laptop shopping yesterday . She went from store to store but could n't find anything . Finally she found something at Apple . When she went home , it worked perfectly . She was thankful she bought it .	I had been wanting a new laptop for a while . I finally decided to buy myself one online . On the day it was to arrive my girlfriend gave me a gift . It was the new laptop she knew I wanted . I happily returned the one I bought and thanked her .	PERSON 's old laptop was too slow . Even with upgrades it was n't able to keep up . PERSON decided to buy a new one . He did a lot of researched and asked his friends . Eventually he bought a newer version of what he had .	PERSON was a tech guy . His job revolved around his laptop . Eventually PERSON 's laptop broke down . He needed it to keep working . PERSON bought a replacement .
lost earring	PERSON was having a wonderful day in the park . Suddenly she lost an earring . PERSON looked everywhere to find this earring . It was nowhere to be found . Luckily a stranger found it and gave it to her .	PERSON had spilled her jewelry all over the floor . She gathered the jewelry and put it away . Then she realized one of her earrings was missing its match . She looked for an hour , but it was no where to be seen . PERSON was sad to have lost one of her favorite earrings .	PERSON lost one of her earrings . He looked everywhere for it . Eventually she gave up and tried to buy another pair . The only ones she found were really expensive . PERSON decided to just stop wearing them .	PERSON 's husband gave her new diamond earrings for her anniversary . She wore her new earrings to church the next Sunday . Halfway through the service , she realized one earring was missing . After the service ended , she crawled on her hands and knees to look . She was lucky and found her lost earring .	PERSON was going swimming in the ocean . Stupidly she wore her expensive earrings in the water . All of the sudden she freaked out . She realized her earring was lost . It took PERSON one hour to find it .
jogging	PERSON wanted to lose weight . She started a jogging regimen . Each morning she would jog for an hour . After a month she weighed herself . PERSON had lost ten pounds !	PERSON was jogging with PERSON in the park . PERSON tripped and fell . PERSON tried carrying PERSON to her car but he was too heavy . Fortunately , PERSON saw PERSON trying to carry PERSON from far away . PERSON assisted PERSON on carrying PERSON to her car .	PERSON was out for her normal morning run . Along the way she noticed a new person jogging her route . It was a guy who seemed fairly out of shape . He kept staring at her . She got creeped out and ran a different direction .	Yesterday I went out for a very nice jog . While I was jogging I tripped and fell on the sidewalk . When I fell I hurt my ankle very badly . It so bad I could n't walk and called my friend to come get me . My friend picked me up and brought me back home !	I went jogging this morning . While I was out jogging I saw a friend of mine . He was driving on his way to work . I waved , but he did n't see me . I ca n't wait to tell him about this !
party	PERSON wanted to throw the biggest party . He wanted to be like his hero , gatsby . He invited all of his friends and told them to invite others . The day comes and no one shows up . PERSON was very unhappy .	PERSON had poor grades . She wanted to go to a party that weekend , but her mom hesitated . She said PERSON should not go anywhere until her grades improved . But finally , she relented and let PERSON go to the party . PERSON was so relieved that her mom had let her go !	PERSON decided to go to her high school 's party . When she walked in , she felt awkward . Since everyone was n't familiar with each other , they barely talked . PERSON moved near the food section . She sat there all day .	PERSON went home after school . She was disappointed and glum . After all , her parents had forgotten her birthday ! But when she walked in , she got shocked . Her family all jumped out and yelled Surprise !	She needed to ease her mind from a memory . So she went out to a party . The music was not to her liking . She asked the DJ to play a song that brought back her memories . She ended the night passed out upstairs .
the pasta	The restaurant was known for their Italian food . Their pasta was the best around . They would grate fresh Parmesan on top . Patrons lined up and hour before they opened . Everyone wanted to eat some of their pasta !	Chef PERSON was the best chef in the land . Tonight he was making spaghetti for the king . The problem was he was out of pasta . He called the delivery truck but they could n't make it . Luckily , the king brought his own pasta so dinner was saved !	The kids were going to cook dinner on their own . They made their favorite pasta dish . They carefully stirred the sauce into the pasta . They put it in the oven to melt the cheese . They could n't wait to eat !	PERSON was a great chef . He specialized in Italian dishes . He made his own pasta and sauce . When he fed it to his family , they all raved . It was their new favorite recipe !	PERSON loved carbs . She ate pasta every day . She wanted to lose weight . She decided she would give up pasta for a year . She only lasted two days before she binged on some macaroni .
sweet tooth	PERSON loved sweets , his favorite meal was dessert . PERSON still tried to take care of his teeth despite his love of sugar . During his annual dental exam his dentist told him he had cavities . PERSON knew he had to change his diet . Instead of being sad , PERSON was resolved to savor his sweets .	PERSON had a major sweet tooth . She wanted to eat some candy . But her candy jar was empty . So instead she baked some brownies . Her sweet tooth was satisfied after eating half the pan of brownies !	PERSON and her family were staying at a fancy resort while on vacation . They saw a small ice cream parlor , but PERSON hesitated to go in . She stood still and thought of her thinning gums and stained teeth . PERSON realized vacations were rare , so she ordered a bowl of mint chip . The next morning , PERSON 's front gums were swollen and sore .	PERSON loved sweets . She loved chocolate , hard candy , and cookies . PERSON did n't always remember to brush her teeth . When she went to the dentist , he found three cavities on her x-ray . Her parents made her give up sweets except on special occasions .	PERSON wanted something cold and sweet to eat . She looked in her freezer but did n't see ice cream . PERSON saw some fruit on the counter . She put the fruit , ice and yogurt in a blender . PERSON enjoyed her healthy smoothie .
ski trip	PERSON took his girlfriend PERSON skiing . He told her not to worry that she would n't be able to keep up . He did n't bother to ask her if she 'd skied before . He watched in shock as she zoomed past him on a black diamond slope . He had no idea she was an expert skier .	PERSON went with his class on a ski trip . PERSON was excited to go skiing for the first time . The class arrived at the base camp . There were reports of a recent avalanche . The slopes were closed for the day , and PERSON 's class went home .	I went on a ski trip this weekend . Before I even got to ski , I tripped on the stairs . I could n't walk on my foot . I went for an X-Ray . They told me it was broken and gave me a cast .	PERSON loves winter time . He decides he wants to spend more time outside in the winter . He wants to learn how to ski . PERSON books a ski trip in LOCATION to learn to ski . PERSON has a great trip and learns how to ski by himself .	Harry loved to ski but his family did not have very much money . Instead of skiing alot , he read alot about ski destinations . One day , his friend told him about a local contest for a ski trip . Harry put in his entry and waited anxiously for the results . To his surprise , he won the trip and took his friend with him there .
the birthday gift	PERSON wanted to plan something special for his wife 's birthday . He knew her favorite singer was going to be in concert soon . PERSON got floor tickets for the concert . He presented her with the tickets at dinner . PERSON 's wife was excited at her gift .	PERSON wanted a new Fossil watch for her birthday . She told her parents which watch she wanted . When they seemed confused she showed them a picture of the watch . On her birthday PERSON excitedly opened her gift from her parents . Inside was a watch , but the wrong one .	My boyfriend surprised me with a birthday gift . It was in a tiny box all wrapped up pretty . I was really excited to open it up . It was a really pretty necklace . He can be really sweet at times .	PERSON 's mother was a big fan of a movie trilogy . PERSON 's mother 's birthday was coming up . PERSON did n't know what to get her mother . She bought her the movie on PERSON PERSON . Her mother loved her gift .	PERSON and his wife PERSON live in LOCATION LOCATION . PERSON 's birthday was approaching in a couple weeks . PERSON has always wanted to visit LOCATION LOCATION . PERSON secretly saved money for a year to surprise PERSON . PERSON awoke on his birthday to a surprise trip to PERSON PERSON .
boss	PERSON was a really hard worker at her job . She usually got everything finished in record time . Once she was sick , but went to work anyway . She did n't work very hard that day . She got in trouble with her boss for not finishing her work .	PERSON is my boss and she is very good at her job . She is always pushing me to take on more and more . Sometimes she frustrates me and I have to complain to her . She simply tells me it 's for my own good and she 's making me stronger . I should listen to her more because she has promoted me twice .	PERSON was a manager at a paper company . Sometimes he would walk around the cubicles and talk to people . This annoyed his employees , but they never said a word to him . One day , PERSON decided he wanted everybody 's attention . In order to get it , he pretended to fire the receptionist .	PERSON loved almost everything about her job . The only thing she did n't like at all was , unfortunately , the boss . He was always overworking them , while also trying to cut salaries . When she saw a Help Wanted ad for a similar job , she knew what to do . Karen 's new job was even better , because her boss was actually decent !	PERSON was getting a new boss at work . She and her coworkers were afraid . What if she was mean ? But she turned out to be kinder than the old boss ! All the employees loved their new boss !
too drunk	PERSON was at the bar . He wanted to hit on a girl . He decided to drink more to build up courage . PERSON wound up drinking too much . He made a fool of himself around her .	PERSON was alone at home . He was bored . He decided to start drinking early . PERSON was drunk by the afternoon . He regretted that decision .	PERSON was at the bar with friends . He was having a bad time at work . He tried to drink his pain away . PERSON wound up drinking too much . He had to be taken home by his friends .	PERSON was at a house party . He kept drinking all night . Eventually he was too drunk to drive home . He had the spend the night there . The next day he apologized and went home .	PERSON was invited to a party . He had never gone to one before . Once there everyone convinced him to drink . PERSON drank more than he could handle . He threw up and called it an early night .
mountain	PERSON was a mountaineer . He needed to purchase new gear . He went to REI . He bought many ropes and carabiners . He obtained the equipment he needed .	PERSON wanted to climb a nearby mountain . He studied and trained for three months . The day finally came and he started the climb . Less than an hour later , he slipped and broke his ankle . His dreams were crushed and he never tried again .	The man hiked to the top of a mountain . He looked at the view all around him . He saw a small town in the distance . He plotted a course for that town . He got food and water in the town .	PERSON was always exploring the country . He found whatever mountain or valley he could and tromped all over . Sometimes he would get into trouble and had to wait for rescue . His wife worried about him when he did n't call during those times . Despite that she still loved him and helped him plan expeditions .	PERSON decided to climb a mountain . He packed a tent and gear to camp and hike for days . He drove to the base of the mountain . He began climbing the mountain . He eventually made it to the top of the mountain .
the escape	PERSON was in jail for robbing a bank . One day , the guard forgot to lock PERSON 's cell . PERSON pushed open his cell door and ran past the other guards . PERSON made it outside and climbed the fence to freedom ! PERSON was never found and remained a free man for the rest of his life .	The tiny corgi was often abused at the animal shelter . The worker who was underpaid and overworked took out his anger on him . He would forget to feed him meals and beat him for barking a tiny bit . One day the corgi escaped through a door that was not closed securely . The man was arrested when the investigation saw the video and abuse .	A prisoner was able to sneak in a lot of stage makeup into jail . He spent hours one night putting on makeup to change his face . The prisoner fooled the guards into thinking he was the warden . The prisoner walked out the front door without any suspicion . No one realized he was gone for hours .	There was a hole in the fence at the zoo . A wild tiger managed to escape . The zookeeper ran all over town trying to find it . The zookeeper called the name of the tiger in a large park . The tiger growled and came towards the zookeeper .	PERSON walked home after school . A stranger passed by and stopped his car . He tried to attack PERSON . She ran away . She went home and told her parents what happened .
the forest	I love to walk through the forest , and try to daily . Today , when I walked through the forest I found tons of mushrooms . All of the mushrooms were in little circles . The circles were formed by where the spores had landed . The mushrooms that had grown were even edible .	PERSON and her sister live near a wooded area . They call it `` The Forest '' . Both girls were always scared to play in the woods . Today , they were brave and went into the woods . Both girls had a great time running around the trees .	PERSON 's company had a retreat they called The Forest . PERSON took his family there for spring vacation . They stayed in a log cabin looking out over a lake . They fished , took walks and even played golf . They all agreed that they would like to return the next year .	PERSON has fond memories of the forest when he was a child . He would often return to his parents home and visit the forest . Fall was often his favorite time to be there in the forest . He eventually bought a house with its own woods . PERSON tries to relive those memories to no avail .	One day , a young girl named PERSON was walking through the forest . As she turned a corner on the path , a squirrel looked down at her . Noticing the squirrel , PERSON stopped and waved . The squirrel chirped and scurried up the tree . PERSON continued walking , a smile on her face .
the PERSON	PERSON liked to DJ in his spare time . He DJ 'd at a local benefit . One of the people in the crowd was getting married in a year . They liked how PERSON PERSON 'd . The person asked PERSON to DJ their wedding .	I used to own an old Rambler . I always name my cars . I was thinking of a name for the Rambler but was having trouble . Then it dawned on me I could name it after my best friend 's wife . So I named the PERSON PERSON .	PERSON PERSON PERSON that he could make a basketball shot . PERSON did n't think PERSON would make it . They went out to the basketball court . PERSON shot the ball and it went in . PERSON was very impressed with his friend 's skill .	The kids liked doing art projects . PERSON was their favorite medium . They would sculpt bowls and vases . Then they would put them in the kiln . They loved showing off their projects .	The PERSON were planning on having dinner . They ran out of ground beef and could n't make tacos . They went to the store and bought ground beef . They came home and prepared tacos . The Johnsons had tacos for dinner .
a day at the beach	Yesterday I looked out the window and saw how sunny it was . I packed up my sunscreen and towel . Then I jumped into my car and headed to the coast . I spent the day running through the sand and playing in the water . When I got home I took a shower and went to bed .	PERSON went to the beach with his family . It was a chilly day . PERSON stood on some rocks watching the waves . A huge wave hit the rock and shot water high above the rocks . PERSON got drenched .	PERSON likes to go to the beach . The other day he decided to go there and took some friends with him . They spent their day at the beach kayaking . Afterwards they had a picnic lunch on the shore . At the end of the day they were very tired .	The PERSON family went to the beach . They put up their tent shelter because the sun was hot . The wind started to blow . The wind picked up their tent shelter and blew it down the beach . The tent legs were broken and the PERSON had no more shade .	PERSON spent a day at the beach . He swam a bit in the water then came ashore . PERSON spread out a blanket on the sand . He laid down on the blanket and fell asleep . PERSON woke up with a sunburn .
the cell phone	PERSON 's mom wanted to be able to contact him . She bought him a cell phone . She called him everyday after school . He used it to talk to his friends , too . PERSON felt grown up having his own phone .	PERSON wanted a new cell phone like everyone else . Her parents told her they could not afford it . PERSON worked any jobs she could find to save the money . She finally had enough for her cell phone . She was so excited to finally buy it .	PERSON had a cell phone , but no data plan . He felt left out because he could not play Pokemon Go with his friends . He asked his mom how much it would cost to add data to his phone . His mom explained that it would cost about $ 40 a month . PERSON decided he was content connecting to wifi .	Last Christmas I really wanted a new phone . However they were really expensive . So , I never expected to actually get one as a gift . On Christmas day , I was pleasantly shocked . It turned out my boyfriend got me the phone .	PERSON decided to join the 21st century . He went to the cell phone store and got a snazzy new smartphone . He slowly learned how to use it . Soon he felt very tech-savy . He would facetime with all his friends .
new teacher	LOCATION was brand-new to teaching . She was so frustrated after her first day . Her class was very unruly . One day , she decided to sugar the kids up to get them to act better . She gave them daily chocolates , and their behavior improved .	PERSON just got a new job as a high school teacher . She was driving to her first day and was nervous . She taught her first class and all the students loved her . This gave her the confidence she needed to get through the day . She did a nice job teaching the rest of her classes .	The English class at LOCATION high was anticipating a new teacher . The students had no idea who it would be . Immediately a sweet looking woman came into the room . She announced herself to the class . The classroom was pleased to meet her .	PERSON heard a rumor that there was a new teacher . She was fearful about it . Finally the new teacher came in . To her surprise , PERSON thought she was nice . PERSON was happy to have her .	PERSON looked at her schedule . One of her teachers was TBD . She was rather inquisitive about it . So she walked into the door . PERSON saw a her old teacher actually come back .
drunk driving	PERSON never really drank . One night his friends convinced him to at the club . Before he knew it he had drank too much . PERSON lost decision making abilities and drove home drunk . He got into an accident and was severely injured .	PERSON left the bar one night , tipsy and tired . He was pulled over on his way home , for speeding . The cop breathalyzed PERSON and then arrested him . PERSON had to call his family for bail in the morning . He was humiliated and dejected .	PERSON was a mother of 2 kids . One evening her child went out to be with some friends . PERSON received a call late that night that her child was in an accident . A drunk driver hit the car her child was in . PERSON made it her life 's mission to fight against drunk driving .	PERSON went out with some friends . He drank a lot of beers and shots while he was out . When they were leaving his friend asked him to drive . PERSON drove straight into the capitol building . He was arrested for drunk driving .	The two teenagers used a fake ID to buy a case of beer . They drove around all day drinking the beer . They sped around a bend and lost control . The car crashed head-on into a hillside . They were taken to a hospital and luckily survived .
virus	I downloaded some software onto my computer . Suddenly , the color on my computer screen changed . I moved my mouse but the cursor did not move . A picture of a clown then appeared on my screen . My friend took a look at it and told me I had a virus .	Po 's internet was n't working . So he was sure his computer was infected by a virus . But his antivirus software was no help . His roommate accidentally turned off the antivirus software . And when PERSON used his computer next , the internet was working again .	PERSON was doing office work on her computer . But she noticed a pop up that she could n't close . She spent hours trying to look for a solution . But her son simply installed a program that removed the virus . PERSON felt stupid but enlightened at the same time .	PERSON was researching information for his project . As soon the page tried to load , the site was redirected . A graphic site appeared on the screen . PERSON tried to close it . However , more pop ups appeared .	PERSON downloaded some music online . He listened to it . His computer began to freak out . He tried to find the problem . The computer broke because of a virus .
diary	PERSON was in the war in LOCATION . He kept a journal documenting his time there . A journalist asked to read what he wrote . She read the entries , but they just talked about food . The journalist sighed and did n't interview him anymore .	PERSON decided to keep a diary . She wrote in it every day after school . At first her entries were stilted and brief . But gradually , she started to write longer and more detailed entries . Soon PERSON had come to think of her diary as her best friend !	PERSON liked to keep a diary . One day , his friend found out . His friend told the other kids at school . The kids laughed at PERSON for having a diary . PERSON did n't care and continued to use his diary .	PERSON wrote in his diary every single day . One day he could not find his diary and looked everywhere . PERSON even went back to school to find his diary . PERSON could not sleep and he tried to remember where it was . The next day , he found it in the lost and found at school .	PERSON rushed home after an eventful day of school . There was plenty of gossip and drama buzzing in her mind . She always wrote about such days in her diary . When she got into her room , she looked under her mattress . The diary was missing .
free food	The lady gave me a free burger and fries . I was prepared to pay for my meal . She had remembered my request . I had once asked for free food . I went to that McDonald 's every day .	PERSON and PERSON were drinking a chocolate shake together . But PERSON was upset that PERSON was drinking most of it . PERSON said it was his birthday . And the waiter gave him a free ice cream . Now they did n't have to share .	PERSON was working in a fast food store . He would give away food to his friends . A co-worker reported Al. . His boss even caught him on video . PERSON was fired from his job .	PERSON had tried out for a local commercial . He got the part . The commercial was for a diner . As the spokesperson , PERSON was given free food for a year . He ate at the diner after over the year .	The computer in the supermarket had a glitch . When a can of soup was scanned it came up as $ 60 . No one noticed the problem all day . When the manager collected the money at night he was shocked . He decided to keep the mistake for now .
new neighbors	PERSON looked outside her window . She has new neighbor 's . She immediately ran outside to greet them . They greeted her with open arms . PERSON was so happy to see them .	When PERSON moved to his new town , he went to meet his neighbors . He stopped at all the houses , greeting them . Everyone was welcoming and friendly . One lady invited him in for a snack . PERSON loved his new town !	PERSON has had the same neighbors for the past seven years . Those neighbors moved out last week though . Today his new neighbors were moving in next door . He saw them from afar they all looked sort of homeless . It 's because they were all hipsters and PERSON hates hipsters .	New neighbors moved in across the street . At first they seemed alright . After a while they kept being loud at night . I finally decided to talk to them about it . They apologized and we moved on .	New neighbors moved in across the street . They seem friendly . They went over to say hello to everyone else in the neighborhood . So far they are well liked . The move has gone smoothly .
ping pong	PERSON had never played ping pong before . He just got a new ping pong table and wanted to play with his brother . His brother had never played before either . They played four games , and PERSON lost all four of them . PERSON decided he did n't like playing ping pong .	PERSON had never tried ping pong before . He went over his friend PERSON 's house and played for the first time . PERSON was shocked by how much finesse is needed . They both practiced for several hours . By the end of the day , PERSON had a grasp on some techniques .	One day Suze and her friends decided to hold a ping pong contest . First they cleared off the old table in LOCATION 's basement . Then they got out the paddles and the ball . They played for a while . Suze ended up winning !	PERSON lost to his friend at ping pong . PERSON was devastated that he lost . So he practiced at ping pong and got better . Him and his friend played a month later . PERSON defeated his friend and was glad to win .	PERSON always lost to PERSON in their ping pong matches . PERSON was always giving PERSON grief over it . Feeling determined , PERSON practiced really hard for a month . PERSON then challenged PERSON to another match . PERSON beat PERSON .
summer vacation	When I was younger my family and I would go on summer vacations . We would always go the PERSON , LOCATION . During one summer we stopped going because of money . It has been 4 years now and we have not gone back to PERSON . Now every time summer comes around I become sad .	This was the trip that the PERSON family had planned all year . Six weeks on the road with a truck and a camper . The trip was planned out to see all the sight along the way . They spent 6 weeks traveling the west coast and it was amazing . In the end the trip was great but they were all glad to be home .	The PERSON wanted to go to the beach for the summer . They found a house to rent right on the beach . The kids played on the beach all day and found sea shells . The parents had a great time relaxing on the beach . When it was time to go home , they were sad but had many good memories !	PERSON could not wait for his annual summer vacation . This year he was going to LOCATION , and could not wait . He was more excited to be visiting LOCATION while there . In addition , he could not wait to go to the beach as well . PERSON was in high anticipation for his annual summer vacation trip .	PERSON missed her youthful , carefree summer days . She wanted to have summer vacation as an adult . She went to night school to get a teaching certificate . PERSON found work at a local high school . PERSON thus reclaimed her summer vacation .
picking a movie	PERSON had friends over for a movie night . Nobody could agree on what to watch . Those that claimed not to care complained the hardest . Eventually PERSON picked for everyone else . Nobody liked his choice .	PERSON was having his date over for dinner and a movie . He had n't been dating her that long . He was n't sure what movie to pick . He called his sister for ideas . She suggested a few different recent comedy movies .	PERSON went to the movie store with his mom . PERSON wanted a cartoon movie to watch that night . He searched all of the aisles , looking for just the right one . Finally , he spotted his favorite movie about ducks . PERSON went home and watched the duck movie until bed .	PERSON was on a date . They were watching Netflix . Neither could decide on what to watch . They both pretended not to care . It was frustrating and almost ruined the night .	PERSON was at home with his girlfriend . They decided to watch something on Netflix . PERSON wanted to watch a horror movie . His girlfriend wanted to watch a romantic comedy . They got into a big fight over it .
going to the movies	I went to the movies last week with my mom . We saw a movie about werewolves . My mom was scared the whole way through . She was so scared that she had her eyes closed the whole time . I did n't think the movie was that scary though .	The PERSON Family had lost power for the day . They knew it would n't be back until 11pm that night . The mom thought that she needed to find something for the kids to do . That is when she thought of going to the movies . The kids loved the idea and wanted to go right away .	Jan was looking forward to the next movie coming out at the theater . She wanted to go to the matinee . With the money she saved , she thought she would get popcorn . Maybe she would get some candy , too ! She was really excited about the movie .	PERSON asked a group of his friends to go to the movies . Everyone arrived at the movie theater and chose a movie . After buying tickets , they all bought some popcorn and pop . PERSON and his friends sat in the front row to watch the movie . After the movie was over , they all went home .	PERSON met a group of friends at the movies . There were several movies to choose from . They decided on a movie that looked funny . PERSON and her friends had fun laughing together . They made plans to meet for another fun night the next week .
stuck	PERSON was working on his roof . He set a ladder against his house . Dean climbed up the ladder . The ladder fell away from the house . PERSON had to wait for his wife to get home to get down from the roof .	Over the weekend PERSON got stuck inside the company elevator . She had to push the emergency call button for help . PERSON had to wait for over six hours before she was freed . She now is frighten to ride on any elevator alone . PERSON has started to see a therapist on how to deal with the issue .	I was travelling along the road one day alone . When it got dark I decided to make camp and rest . I rested well but was greeted by a grim sight upon waking . In the dark I had camped near a large rock which rolled onto my gear . Despite my best efforts I could n't move it and had to leave it behind .	PERSON wanted to go down the slide herself . Half-way down the slide she changed her mind . She started to cry . Her mom crawled up the slide from the bottom . She and PERSON went down the slide together .	PERSON 's car was stuck . He accidentally overturned and went into a small ditch . He called his insurance company 's roadside assistance . After two hours , a roadside technician came to help . With the technician 's help , PERSON got his car back on the road .
PERSON 's coffee	PERSON was running late for work , but he was very thirsty . He wanted to get a coffee before his bus arrived . PERSON went into a coffee shop and waited in a long line . PERSON finally bought his coffee , but he missed his bus . PERSON got to work late that day , but he enjoyed his coffee .	PERSON 's morning could n't officially begin until he finished his coffee . It was his most valued ceremony of his day . He would stumble into the kitchen . He would fumble his way making a fresh pot . He would sip in silence , ready to tackle the day .	PERSON was very tired when he woke up . He drudged through his morning routine . PERSON stopped for coffee on his way to work . The coffee energized him . PERSON was ready to tackle the work day .	PERSON is an avid coffee drinker . When he woke up this morning , his coffee maker was broken . He remembered he had a starbucks gift card . PERSON waited in the drive-thru line for 15 minutes . He did not enjoy the coffee that he had bought .	PERSON ran out of milk . She liked to drink her coffee with milk . PERSON bought her coffee from a shop the next morning . She stopped after work and picked up some milk . The next day , PERSON made her own coffee .
volunteering	PERSON needed more volunteer hours . He wanted a good impression on his college applications . He looked for options online . PERSON found a local soup kitchen that needed help . He went there for a few hours a week . -LSB- .	PERSON was always happy to help . He saw that the local soup kitchen needed help . He headed down that way to lend a hand . He worked hard all day serving food . PERSON felt exhausted but good at the end of the day .	PERSON 's teacher offered an extra credit assignment . The students were to volunteer at a soup kitchen . PERSON needed the extra points , so he took the assignment . He volunteered at the soup kitchen . He felt so good about it , he began to regularly volunteer .	PERSON was always searching for his goal in life . He bounced from job to job , and was never happy . He could never hold down a steady relationship . On a whim , PERSON applied and was accepted to the Peace Corps . Soon after , he shipped out and felt he finally found his purpose .	Today was my first day volunteering in my son 's classroom . It was exciting to see what he and his classmates did during the day . I helped and listened to a few kids read books . It was a wonderful experience . I look forward to doing it again next month .
taxes	My brother does our taxes this year . My wife proofread the returns . He made a small error . It cost us $ 50 less in refunds . We joked about it .	PERSON was doing his taxes . He was concerned about all the write offs . He decided not to waste anymore time . He paid everything in full . He was relaxed though and that 's all that mattered .	PERSON hates to do her taxes every year around April . She has boxes of receipts and papers that she needs to go through . She finally sat down and started making a list of her deductions . She put it away for a few weeks and then brought it back out . She sat down again and spent 4 hours finishing up this awful task .	PERSON had to file his taxes . He went online and gave it a shot . But it was so confusing ! PERSON could not figure out how to file . He went to a professional tax preparer instead .	I got my first job . My boss paid me in cash . I realized I would n't have to pay taxes if I did n't declare the money . In actuality , the IRS found out and fined me for tax evasion . I realized I should always pay my taxes .
mean girl	PERSON was very good at her job . Most people liked her and were nice to her . PERSON was jealous of the attention another girl got . She was mean to that one girl . PERSON got fired from her job .	PERSON despised the popular clique of girls at school . She started writing nasty things about the girls on desks and walls . One day , PERSON heard a girl crying in the restroom . The girl was crying because she was the subject of gossip . PERSON realized the girl was someone she 'd been writing about .	PERSON met some friends at their favorite diner . While the girls were talking and eating another girl walked by . The girl stopped and told PERSON that she was ugly . PERSON looked up at the girl . The girl was smirking at LOCATION but PERSON was not bothered .	My parents had dressed me up in an awful Easter outfit . I was very mad about it and wanted to rip it off . They made me sit in grass and take a picture . I was so mad , that I refused to smile and put grass in my mouth . They still snapped the picture , and kept it to this day .	PERSON came from a wealthy family . PERSON came from a very poor family . One day , PERSON decided she did n't like PERSON 's clothes . She made fun of PERSON . PERSON went home and cried .
fireflies	PERSON was fascinated by insects . Her favorite insect was the firefly . It was her grandpa that first taught her about them . One evening they spent hours catching fireflies . It was one of her fondest memories .	PERSON was driving in the country one night . She saw strange lights and pulled over to investigate . She turned her headlights off . Then she gasped at what she saw . The night air was filled with thousands of beautiful fireflies !	PERSON was told that there would be fireflies by the lake . PERSON had never seen fireflies herself . She bundled up for the cool night air . She went to the lake , but only saw one firefly light one time . It was a lovely experience , but overall underwhelming for her .	PERSON and PERSON were on a romantic picnic in the country . When it grew dark , they folded their picnic blanket and put it away . Then they saw that fireflies were beginning to appear all around them ! They strolled along the dark country lane , surrounded by the lights . It was one of the most beautiful sights of their lives !	PERSON was camping in the wilderness . He had forgotten his flashlight at home . PERSON captured a bunch of fireflies in a jar . He used them as light inside his tent . PERSON was able to read from the light of the fireflies .
push	I wanted some shelf space . I had found tons of dvds but nowhere to put them . I was starting to get very annoyed . I finally pushed all my stuffed animals off a shelf . I used it for the DVD collection instead .	She felt pushed into a corner . She began to fight back . She started getting better grades . She became a social butterfly . She would show them the truth .	PERSON was moving furniture . He was having trouble moving something particularly large . He pushed with all his might to no avail . After a few minutes , he gave up in exhaustion . He decided he would call a moving company in the morning .	His truck died on the road . He got out and pushed it over to the side . As he sat there , he tried to find someone to call . He called his uncle . His uncle helped him push the truck to safety .	PERSON started manipulating photos and making graphics in high school . He went on to college to get his graphic design degree . He worked very hard for years , and open his own shop . Now he has a booming business and calls it Push . PERSON has led a successful life .
the dinner	PERSON invited some friends over . She was going to make them dinner . She cooked all afternoon . When the food was ready , they all sat down to eat . It was all delicious !	We all went out to dinner together . PERSON ordered the pasta . I got the steak . PERSON got the vegetarian option . All of us were very satisfied with our meals .	The friends were meeting at their favorite restaurant . They were having dinner to celebrate their promotions at work . The friends all dined and drank wine . They talked about the exciting things going on in their lives . When the dinner was over , they all went home .	PERSON was having dinner with friends . When it came time to pay her card was declined . She asked them to try it again but it would n't go through . It was a bit embarrassing . A friend offered to pay and everything turned out okay .	PERSON asked his wife to prepare a dinner for his business associates . She was n't a very good cook , so she called a restaurant . They brought her a catered meal . All the guests raved about the food . She just smiled and pretended she 'd made it all .
walking the dog	PERSON 's friend PERSON was playing with a yo-yo . He asked PERSON if he 'd like to watch him walk the dog . PERSON was confused because he did n't see a dog anywhere ! PERSON burst out laughing when PERSON asked where the dog was . Then PERSON proceeded to show him the walk the dog yo-yo trick .	PERSON was a dog that loved to go on walks . Karen liked to take her dog Molly on walks and see PERSON happy . They would walk around the block every night after dinner . PERSON and PERSON both looked forward to these walks . Karen knew she would always remember this perfect time with PERSON .	PERSON woke up that morning to her dog , PERSON , licking her face . She got out of bed , ready to start her day with a brisk walk outside . PERSON wagged his tail as PERSON attached the leash and tied her shoes . They walked for about half an hour , enjoying the sights and smells . Afterwards , PERSON took a shower and PERSON was ready for a nap .	I was walking the dog . He took a poop . I decided not to pick it up . The park ranger saw . He fined me .	PERSON went out to walk her dog the other day . It was really hot outside and she forgot to bring her water with her . PERSON was sweating really badly the whole time . When she got back home she took a shower . After her shower she had an ice cold glass of water .
rainy day	PERSON wanted to go outside and play . Unfortunately , it was raining . She decided to make the best of it . She put her coat and boots on and went out to play in the rain . She learned there are lots of ways to have fun , even in the rain .	I just checked the mail . It was raining outside but I did n't wear a hat . My mailbox was stuffed with junk mail . Thinking quickly I used the junk mail to guard my hair from the rain . Afterwards I threw it right in the trash .	PERSON and his family had plans to go to the zoo . When they woke up in the morning it was very cloudy . As soon as they got to the zoo it started raining . They decided to wait in the car until the rain stopped . Two hours later it was still raining and they went back home .	PERSON planned a picnic with friends . When it came time to go it started to rain . PERSON hoped it would pass . Unfortunately it did n't for hours . PERSON had to cancel plans and stay in .	PERSON was excited . He was going to the beach tomorrow . The next morning , when he woke up , he saw that it was raining . PERSON was not able to go to the beach . PERSON was very sad about this .
fast car	PERSON bought a new fast car . He was so proud , he took it out on the highway to try it out . He accelerated until he reached the speed limit and pushed it further . He had a big smile on when his car hit a truck next to him . The ambulance came and even if PERSON was fine , his car was n't .	I went to go buy a car . I needed one that was fast . I was clueless . A friend then gave me a car buying pamphlet . Then , I was able to select a fast car .	PERSON bought a new car . It went really fast . PERSON drove 100 miles an hour . One day PERSON almost hit a bus . After that he always drove slowly and carefully .	PERSON had a pretty fast car . He always wanted to race . His friends told him they would only do so on a track . PERSON agreed and went out one day . He was able to beat several of his friends .	PERSON loved working on car engines . He did n't care about looks . PERSON made his car incredibly fast . He would take it to the track and race other cars . They never expected him to beat them .
prank	PERSON had a pesky younger brother , PERSON . PERSON decided he was going to play a prank on PERSON . PERSON hid under PERSON 's bed one night . Just as PERSON began falling asleep , PERSON began screaming loudly . PERSON jumped up so terrified that PERSON shed a tear by laughing so hard .	I went to pick my sister up . She was about to get inside my car . Before she got in I drove away . I kept doing this for almost a block . When she finally got in the car she was so mad .	PERSON came into her boyfriend 's room . She placed some dough flour around her brother 's hands . Afterwards , she lifted a feather into his nose Before he sneezed , he slapped his head with his hand . The flour sprayed over his entire head .	PERSON little sister was always playing pranks on him . She once tied his shoe strings together . Another time she pushed him to a pool . PERSON made his sister promise to stop with her pranks . She agreed to stop if he let her see his baseball collection .	PERSON loved to play pranks . He was determined to get his dad . He decided to put ketchup on the kitchen counter . His dad walked in and thought PERSON had chopped off his finger . PERSON finally got him .
bad burn	I got badly burned . I went to the beach when it happened . At first I did not feel it . Then hours later I cried . It was unbearable .	My dad had a big event he had to host . The night before he was playing with us in the house . He gave himself a rug burn on his face trying to do a flip . The burn was so bad he needed a bandaid . He was self conscious the whole time he was hosting the event .	PERSON made some coffee . She poured some into a cup . As she drank it some spilled . PERSON spilled some on her legs . She ended up burning herself .	I went to the beach a few weeks ago . I ended up getting a horrific burn . I was in pain for days . Finally the next week I felt better . But I definitely learnt my lesson !	Yesterday I was cooking a meal . When I placed my hand on the pan by accident I burnt myself . The pain was horrendous . I immediately ran to get aloe . I put the aloe on but it took awhile to heal .
breakdown	PERSON was driving his car on the freeway . The front left side of the car suddenly fell and scrapped on the road . PERSON thought he had lost a wheel . The car slid to a stop . PERSON got out and discovered a broken ball joint .	It was late at night and I was on my way home from work . The car suddenly started shaking . I got out to see the tire was flat . I opened the trunk and changed the tire . Once the tire was changed I made my way home safely .	PERSON 's car started overheating . He pulled over on the side of the highway . He called AAA . They sent someone quickly . They got him back on the road again .	PERSON was driving home one day . Suddenly her car sputtered to a stop . She had to call a mechanic to tow it . At the garage , he inspected it and delivered bad news . PERSON would have to pay $ 500 to fix her car !	My siblings , my mom , and I were on a road trip to visit our family . Our car broke down in a small LOCATION town on a Saturday . The only garage in town was closed all weekend . When it reopened , they had to order special parts for our car . We had to stay in a hotel for a week until the car was fixed .
doctor visit	PERSON hates going to the doctor . She has had a bad cough for a couple weeks . Her husband finally persuades her to make an appointment . PERSON goes to the doctor and gets prescribed a medication . After a few days PERSON feels better .	PERSON had to go to the doctor . He was a bit nervous since he had to have blood work . He did not want to go by himself . He called his mom and she met him . All the blood work came back clear and he was relieved .	PERSON noticed a cloudy patch covering his left eye . He started to get scared so he called his eye doctor . The doctor gave him an appointment for Friday afternoon at three . PERSON was scared when the doctor told him he had cataracts . PERSON will be getting surgery on his eyes next month .	Today PERSON went to the doctor . She was nervous while sitting in the waiting room . Once the nurse called her back , her nerves were under control . The doctor checked PERSON and said she was healthy . PERSON was glad there was n't anything wrong .	One day I woke up and was very ill . I had a very bad stomach condition and had to go to the doctor . I went to an urgent care clinic and was just told to lay in bed . The doctor also asked me to hydrate so I did . I drank lots of water and eventually felt a lot better !
peer pressure	PERSON was walking home from school when he ran into a group of boys . The boys were all smoking cigarettes . One of them offered PERSON a cigarette . He declined and continued walking . They jeered and teased him , but PERSON did n't care .	PERSON went to hang with new friends . They wanted to test him out . They asked him to tag a train car . He said he would n't do it . He left the group .	When I was little I was playing at a friend 's house . My brother came over to the house and told me Sesame Street was on . The friend told me and my brother that Sesame Street was for babies . My brother and I felt ashamed . We did not watch Sesame Street after that .	PERSON has always wanted to fit in with her friends . One evening , her friends held a party at a friend 's house . Her friends were all smoking outside and she was the odd one out . She was offered a smoke , but PERSON knew the dangers of smoking . PERSON declined and although she wanted to fit in , she felt good .	PERSON and her friend , PERSON , were in the 7th grade . After lunch one day , they went to the bathroom . In one of the stalls was one of their old friends , PERSON . Joy convinces PERSON to throw spit balls into the stall . PERSON felt bad about throwing them , but did it anyway .
email	PERSON needed a new email to use ! His old one got hacked so he was n't sure which one to use this time . He asked around and we all pretty much agreed that Gmail was best . The next day he made his new Gmail account . PERSON said he really liked his choice of Gmail !	PERSON wrote an email to PERSON . She accidentally sent it to PERSON . She did not find out immediately . PERSON told the new shory to the whole office . PERSON broke up with PERSON .	I woke up to find a strange email . It was from a stranger . It foretold that I was going to get into an accident . I ignored it , thinking it was a fake letter . I spent the rest of the day worrying for nothing .	I got an email from a friend the other week . It was very nice to hear from them so I was pleased ! I replied right away and asked them how they 're doing . They replied the next day and said they were doing good . The email was a very nice surprise so I was very happy with it .	PERSON checked his email multiple times a day . He was waiting to hear back from a recent job interview . He refreshed his email over and over . He kept looking at his inbox hoping the email would appear . He finally heard back and he did n't get the job .
scuba diving	PERSON was a scuba diver instructor . This last week he had a group of overweight tourists . One of the could barely breath just walking . He had too much trouble trying to swim . He felt bad but had to ask him to wait in the boat .	For our honeymoon my wife and I went to LOCATION . One of the coolest things we did was scuba dive . It was at a beautiful cove . We saw lots of marine life . It brought us closer together as a couple .	PERSON spent his mornings watching scuba diving videos . He decided he wanted to learn how to scuba dive . PERSON signed up for a local scuba diving course . He spent the next few weeks learning different procedures . PERSON passed his scuba diving test !	Today was a big day . Today was PERSON 's first chance to dive after taking her classes . She went out on a boat with her friends and they got their gear ready . They were over the reef and dropped down into the water . The coral and the fish were all so beautiful underwater scuba diving .	Today was PERSON 's first day of scuba diving . As soon as she was submerged in the water , she was fascinated . Not only did she see many fish , but she came across several plants . She remained in the water for 1-2 hours . Afterwards , she got out and thanked the instructor .
the visit	PERSON 's cousin was coming to town . PERSON was very excited . She planned many fun activities . Her cousin got sick his first day here . PERSON was disappointed .	PERSON was forced to put her child up for adoption when she was 16 . She thought about the baby she gave up often . She never married and went to a nursing home when she was old . No one ever visited her . However , her child tracked her down and showed up one day to meet her .	PERSON 's friend PERSON came for a visit from out of state . PERSON was happy to see PERSON after 2 years away . They went to the theater , and the museum . After 3 days PERSON left and returned home . PERSON was very happy with PERSON 's visit .	PERSON was excited . She had moved far away from her daughter over a year ago . PERSON 's daughter was flying in to visit her mom for a week . PERSON met her daughter at the airport . Both of them started to cry when they saw each other .	One day PERSON invited her neighbors over . They played in the Slip N Slide outside . Then they ate some of PERSON 's mom 's homemade pie . PERSON 's friend PERSON stuck her head in it . PERSON wiped pie in PERSON 's face playfully .
the email	PERSON sent an email to all his friends . It was telling them about a party he was having . He told them to bring something to eat and drink . A hundred people showed up . PERSON was glad he was n't feeding all of them !	PERSON needed to send an email for his homework . His internet was n't working . PERSON called up a friend . His friend allowed him to use his internet . PERSON was able to email his assignment .	I got an email from work . I opened the email . It said I was moving departments . I deleted the email . I found another job .	PERSON had an email from a strange address . She decided to open the email . PERSON saw there was an attachment to the email and had gibberish text . She did n't download the attachment . She deleted the email in it 's entirety .	One day PERSON as cleaning out her inbox . She found an email from a friend who lived abroad . PERSON replied that she missed her . She was ecstatic to hear she was coming for a visit . PERSON began making fun plans for her friend when she arrived .
the circus	The family took a trip to the circus . The kids clapped when the clowns performed . They all cheered when a trapeze artist came out . They ate cotton candy and popcorn . It was a wonderful outing !	As my family got ready for an eventful night out to the circus . I rushed them into the car , as I did n't want to be late . The journey began and we all start getting giddy as we got closer . I pulled into the parking lot , and noticed the draping tent . I turned to my kids , and with a huge smile , told them we 're here !	PERSON was excited . The circus was in town . He had finally convinced his mom to take him . They arrived at the big top and sat down . PERSON had a wonderful time at the circus with his mom .	PERSON gathered his kids up for a surprise . He was taking them to the circus ! He was excited to show them the elephants and the clowns . They all loved the show . They clapped and cheered when it was over .	The family filed out of the van . The had arrived at the circus ! They could n't wait to see the different acts . The first one was some funny clowns . The family all laughed and clapped .
school bully	PERSON was tired of his friend getting bullied every day . He talked with his father about possible solutions . The next time his friend was picked on , PERSON asked the bully to stop . Everyone was amazed when the bully did just that . PERSON befriended the bully over the next few weeks .	PERSON thought the other girls at the dorm were bullies . She asked her mom what she should do . Her mom told her to stick up for herself and be positive . PERSON did . The other girls do n't bully her anymore .	PERSON was being bullied in class . She told the teachers bout it . Unfortunately they did n't do anything about it . PERSON eventually snapped and punched the bully . She got in trouble with school authorities .	PERSON was walking home from school . She was suddenly confronted by her school bully PERSON . PERSON quickly ran away from PERSON . PERSON chased after PERSON across an open field of grass . PERSON was able to make it home before her bully could catch her .	PERSON was being teased by the school bully . One day she told PERSON she would steal her lunch . PERSON was scared . She had the teacher hide her lunch until it was time to eat . The bully never stole PERSON 's lunch .
bubbles	PERSON was babysitting some young children she did n't know very well . She was n't sure how to keep them occupied . She decided to take them outside to blow bubbles . She had bought some with her just in case . They had a blast chasing the bubbles around , trying to pop them .	We needed something to entertain the kids . We got a new bubble kit , with oddly shaped wands . We took all the kids out back with the bubbles . They quickly caught on to how the new wands worked . Everyone had fun .	PERSON went to the library for story time . The librarian blew soap bubbles for the kids to catch . The bigger boys ran in front of PERSON to catch the bubbles . PERSON started crying . The librarian blew some bubbles just for PERSON to catch .	PERSON overslept that morning . She had to rush her shower to arrive in time at work . As she climbed on the bus , she scratched her head . She found soap bubbles when she retrieved her hand from her hair . As soon as she arrived at work , she cleaned the bubbles away .	PERSON had just moved into her first apartment . She wanted to wash her sheets but had no detergent . Instead she put in some shampoo from her bathroom . Five minutes into the wash bubbles began foaming over the sides . PERSON learned never to put soap in the washing machine .
sister	PERSON and PERSON were sisters . One day they were riding their bikes . PERSON lost her balance and fell over . PERSON helped her up . PERSON was scared but she was okay .	PERSON always wanted a sister . But then her mom had a baby girl . The baby cried all the time . PERSON realized she had been wrong . She wanted to be an only child again !	PERSON had lunch with PERSON who was the sister of her crush PERSON . PERSON usually did n't ask questions about PERSON and PERSON . Earlier PERSON had snubbed PERSON and he seemed stunned . Now PERSON was asking probing questions . PERSON was PERSON 's friend , but she refused to answer her questions .	PERSON 's mom gave birth to a tiny baby girl . PERSON did not want her mom to have another baby . She felt all the attention would be diverted from her . But soon she started to find the infant as charming as everyone else . Soon PERSON was proud to be a big sister !	PERSON wanted to give her sister a surprise party . It was her sister 's birthday . PERSON got all their friends involved . They surprised her when she came back from work . She was so happy she cried .
charity	As I walked out of the movie theater I saw a homeless man . He was asking for money to eat . I offered to give him my popcorn . He turned it down . I understand , it 's nasty stale old popcorn .	I really needed to meet some friends . On the weekends , I usually just sat and did nothing . It really made my feel lonely . I decided to join a charity to help the less fortunate . I met so many people that I forgot about being lonely .	PERSON desired to be charitable . He wanted to increase global well being . He reviewed many popular charities . He thought doctors without borders was the most admirable . He donated a hefty sum of money to help the cause .	PERSON strolled down the city on her way to work . A homeless man sat on the sidewalk up ahead , holding a cup . Upon seeing him , PERSON 's heart filled with sympathy . She took out her wallet and gave the man a few dollars . The man smiled and nodded his head .	PERSON was working a paper route to save up and buy a bicycle . He would walk his route and make Twenty Dollars everyday . One day , PERSON was at the store with his mom and saw a santa . The santa had a pot and was ringing a bell , asking for money . PERSON decided that others needed the money more than he needed a bike .
cough	The man smoked a pack a day . He got a bad cough . He became scared . He went to the doctor . The doctor was concerned .	PERSON got a cough . She ignored it for a while . It worsened , so she had to seek medical assistance . The doctor said she had pneumonia . PERSON was very glad she had sought help !	PERSON had a bad cough . She went to the doctor . The doctor examined her carefully . He prescribed her some medicine . PERSON 's cough was gone in a few days .	He started coughing very hard . It sounded like he was choking . He stood up to get a breath . His face started turning red . Finally he could breathe again .	PERSON had a bad cough . It lasted for weeks , so he went to see a doctor about it . The doctor examined PERSON and said he had a bacterial infection . He prescribed PERSON some medication . After a few weeks of taking it , PERSON 's cough was gone !
day at the beach	I decided to go to the beach today . I wanted to get some sun . I packed my sunscreen , bathing suit , and towel . I got into my car and drove to the beach . After staying for 2 hours , I drove home .	I took the kids to the beach this summer . My youngest had never been there before . The kids splashed around in the water for hours . They built sandcastles and buried each other in sand . They had a blast and were tuckered out by the time we went home .	Me and my friend went to the beach last Friday . We wanted to get some pizza before we went swimming . We ordered some nice double cheese pizza and ate while chatting . We then put on our bathing suits and went for a swim . After swimming all day , we finally headed back home .	PERSON needed a relaxing day after a hard work week . She went to the local beach near her house . The sun was shining and the weather was great . PERSON laid out on the beach for hours and read a book . She had a wonderful and relaxing day .	When my daughter PERSON was little she loved going to the beach . Her favorite thing to do at the beach was play with hermit crabs . One day she found three hermit crabs . She made a track for them and encouraged a hermit crab race . The race did not go as well as she planned but she had fun anyway .
story time	PERSON was a two year old with lots of energy . She loved going to the library for story time . She would dance , sing and listen to the lady read to her . When it was over , she would check out books to take home . Then her and her mommy would read the books together .	It was reading time for PERSON and his class . So everyone was required to choose a story to read . But PERSON did n't see any books that he liked . So he decided to write his own story . But when his teacher saw , he got in trouble .	Every night before bed Daddy reads me a story . Books are like adventures for the mind . Every night Daddy and I travel to faraway lands . Each story is always so much fun . I love reading bedtime stories with my Dad .	When I was a boy my dad would read me bedtime stories . He would read me really nice stories . The stories were so nice they would help me go to sleep . I really enjoyed having him tell me stories . Sometimes I wish he still did that for me .	PERSON took her toddler to story time . A dad came into the room with his son . He had a holstered gun around his hips . PERSON was very nervous about the gun . She never took her toddler back to story time .
the cheese	The kids loved snacking . They got a big plate of cheese slices . They ate them all while they watched a tv show . They were still hungry ! They found another block of cheese and sliced some more .	I had a hunk of cheese in my refrigerator . It was behind a big jar . I forgot about it since I could n't see it . I moved the jar yesterday . The cheese had more hair on it than my dad .	The kids needed a snack . Their mom gave them a plate of cheese . They gobbled it up in a minute . She cut some more and put it on the plate . They were so hungry they knew they 'd finish that , too !	PERSON liked serving snacks when she had a party . She put out a big plate of cheese and crackers . Everyone ate them up quickly . Carol went to the kitchen to get more . She had prepared for a hungry crowd .	PERSON loved trying new foods . He bought a new kind of cheese that had rosemary on it . It was delicious ! He ate the whole wedge . PERSON decided he would try other cheeses as well .
PERSON makes a friend	PERSON had always lived alone . He decided he wanted to make a new friend . PERSON sat down next to a stranger at the coffee shop to say hello . The stranger replied . Now PERSON has a friend .	PERSON was starting his first day at a new school . He was worried that it would be difficult to meet people . However , he met someone nice after his first class . They sat together at lunchtime . PERSON was happy he had met someone nice at his new school .	PERSON had gotten a new job . He was a shy person and did n't know how to approach his coworkers . One day , he worked up the courage to ask a coworker to lunch . His coworker agreed . PERSON and his coworker soon became friends .	Mark is intimidated after moving to LOCATION with no friends . One night he decides to go to a bar because he feels lonely . At the bar he meets a nice guy named PERSON . They strike up a conversation and eventually become friends . PERSON is very relieved that he has at least one friend in LOCATION .	PERSON has lived in LOCATION for two months but has n't met friends . He feels embarrassed to go places alone . One day PERSON decides to have a drink at his local pub . PERSON meets PERSON at the pub . PERSON becomes PERSON 's first friend in LOCATION .
road trip	PERSON and PERSON went on a road trip for a month . They used to be good friends but they ended up bickering every day . When PERSON wanted to rest , PERSON wanted to explore . And they could never find a compromise for anything . When they went back home , their friendship ended .	PERSON and PERSON were happy to be going on a road trip . They packed up their car and headed toward their destination . They made several stops along the way . They stopped at the ocean and visited some different beaches . PERSON and PERSON were excited to get to their final destination .	I took a long road trip last week . I drove four hundred miles in one day . I did n't have to but I just wanted to clear my head . I found out that I like long drives with music playing . It 's very peaceful and I 'm going to do it more .	PERSON and PERSON decided to go on a road trip . They were going to drive from LOCATION to LOCATION . Along the way they stopped at a diner in LOCATION . PERSON got food poisoning at the diner . The two decided to go back home to LOCATION .	PERSON said he never been to LOCATION LOCATION . I told him to pack a bag . An hour later we were on the road on our way to LOCATION LOCATION . I realized I did not have much gas and we had no money . So we pulled over and began to hitch hike .
too much pizza	PERSON loved pizza . He went to a pizza buffet with his family . PERSON ate eight slices . His mother told him he would be sick . PERSON did n't believe his mother until he stayed up sick all night .	PERSON bought an entire extra large pizza for himself . He devoured the entire thing in just a few minutes . He felt stick to his stomach afterwards . He had to lay on his bed for a few hours . He had the worst pizza hangover the next morning .	PERSON loved trying new recipes on her friends . She made a deep dish pizza for them . PERSON liked the pizza so much that he ate five slices . PERSON got very sick . PERSON had to be taken home to recover .	Last week most restaurants were closed . The only thing that was open was the pizza place . So we went there four times in a row . It was rather excessive . I ate so much pizza I never wanted to eat it again .	I spent an entire week eating nothing but pizza . Soon , my stomach started hurting . I did not want to give up the pizza . My friend decided to come over and cook for me . The food was so delicious , that I gave up pizza for good .
the curtains	PERSON decided to open the curtains and let light into the house . She pulled back one of the curtains on her bedroom window . The nail holding the curtain rod fell , the curtains on the floor . PERSON looked and looked , but was unable to locate the nail . PERSON decided to leave the curtains down and enjoy the sun .	PERSON could n't get a good night 's sleep in her bedroom . The lights outside were too bright . She bought some blackout curtains to make it darker . Finally , her room was dark ! She slept so well that night .	PERSON was sewing in her craft room . She was making curtains for her bedroom . In an hour , she was finished . She hung them carefully and then admired them . They were beautiful !	The family had just moved to a new house . The mom was ordering curtains for every room . When they arrived , she hung them all carefully . The house looked more like a home with the curtains up . Next , she would move on to rugs !	PERSON bought some new fabric . She was going to make new curtains . She sewed them quickly and hung them up . They looked great ! PERSON was proud of the work she 'd done .
the playground	The kids were anxious for spring . The weather turned very nice one day in March . They went to the playground to take advantage of it . They had a lot of fun swinging and sliding . The playground was the best place to be when the weather was nice !	The teacher blew the whistle for recess to end . We all ran to line up to go inside . I was pushed from behind and fell onto the pavement . The teacher helped me up and took me to the nurse 's office . The nurse cleaned and bandaged my scraped knees .	One sunny afternoon , PERSON went to the playground . He was intent on practicing the monkey bars . But when he got there he noticed that the playground was torn down ! How would he ever learn to fly across those bars ? Luckily , his friend PERSON told him about another park close by !	PERSON confronted PERSON under the monkey bars . PERSON warned him to reconsider what he was about to do . PERSON threw a punch which PERSON easily dodged . PERSON knocked PERSON to the ground with one swift kick . PERSON 's eyes widened as he knew he was the one now in trouble .	PERSON wanted to play at the playground . PERSON 's mom told him he needed to clean his room first . PERSON disobeyed and went to the playground without cleaning his room . Mom discovered PERSON 's room still messy . PERSON was grounded when he got home .
the text	PERSON was always texting her twin sister , PERSON . She 'd often ask how she was and if she 'd visit her . However , PERSON hardly ever responded to her . It made PERSON sad until PERSON texted her , asking for money . PERSON smiled as she deleted the text .	PERSON was texting her friend about a boy that she liked . She was explaining to her friend how she felt about him . PERSON was n't receiving a response so she checked her texts . She accidently sent the texts to the boy she likes . He never talked to her again .	PERSON picked up her phone . She had a horrible text from her boyfriend . He broke up with her ! She texted back but he would n't respond . PERSON cried for hours .	PERSON sent You a text . PERSON never texted back . PERSON waited and waited . PERSON finally called . PERSON apparently had her settings wrong .	My cousin sent me a text asking me to call her . I saw the text late at night and responded that I would call later . I called her the next day . She talked about her son . We hung up promising to have lunch .
PERSON 's cookies	Every evening , PERSON ate cookies after dinner . Her favorite cookies were chocolate chip . One day , she accidentally bought cookies with raisins . She did n't enjoy the taste of those cookies at all . PERSON decided to give the raisin cookies to her neighbors .	PERSON awoke one snowy morning with an empty tummy . He decided to make some cookies with his mom . They had a blast with a mess every where . The aroma filled the house and soon it was time to taste . The best gingerbread man cookies ever said mother smiling .	Granny always loved to bake . She made all kinds of different goodies . The grandkids ' favorite , though , was her cookies . PERSON spent a day making 400 cookies . PERSON delivered them to the kids , who enjoyed every bite of them .	PERSON wanted to make cookies . She put all the needed ingredients on the table . She dropped an egg when mixing the batter . She got another one out of the refrigerator . The cookies turned out delicious .	PERSON likes cookies . He bakes chocolate chip cookies every weekend . One day , his friend came over and tried a cookie . He loved it and told PERSON to market them ! Now , PERSON owns a cookie bakery !
toothpaste	PERSON did not like minty toothpaste . She searched every store for a toothpaste that was n't minty . She finally found a cinnamon flavored toothpaste . She tried it , but she hated it even more than the mint . She decided that mint was not so bad after all .	PERSON was brushing his teeth one morning . PERSON noticed he was almost out of toothpaste . PERSON decided to go to the store for more . PERSON saw natural toothpaste . PERSON tried natural toothpaste for the first time .	I pressed the toothpaste tube . The tube was empty . I cut the tube in half . I scraped out the vestiges with my toothbrush . I managed to get enough toothpaste to brush my teeth with .	I had bought a tube of toothpaste at the grocery store . As I squeezed the tube , toothpaste burst out of the back end . It made a big mess on my bathroom counter . The next day , I took the tube back to the store and complained . They gave me a new tube of toothpaste as compensation .	PERSON was very conscientious about her oral health . She used the same type of toothbrush every day . She noticed one day the blue in her toothbrush was fading . PERSON went to the store later to pick up a new one but they were out . She wound up buying a new type of toothbrush and she liked it more .
scare	I woke from my sleep at around three in the morning . I heard a scratching sound coming from inside my closet . I turned the light on beside my bed to investigate . I crept slowly toward the closet . My little brother jumped out of the closet , scaring me to death .	PERSON approached her mom . She told her mom that she was pregnant with a stranger . Her mom immediately slapped her . She also tried to call her husband . PERSON eventually told her that she was joking .	My friends and I scared my brother today . We went to the costume store to buy scary outfits . When we came home , we put them on and waited . When my brother came home , we jumped out and scared him . He was so mad , he beat us all up .	PERSON was sixteen and feared she was pregnant . Her period was late and she had had unsafe sex once . Finally she bought a test and took it . Thankfully , it was negative , but PERSON had learned her lesson . She vowed to never again have unprotected sex with anyone !	Kia was helping with her high school 's annual fundraiser . This year they were doing a haunted house for Halloween . She was working hard when a zombie terrified her ! But then , amidst giggles , her friend PERSON removed his mask . He had snuck upon her to scare her on purpose as she worked !
exam	I had to take a math exam today . Since I had been studying for a week , I felt nothing could go wrong . Just before the exam started , I realized I had not brought my pencil . I frantically asked everyone around me for a pencil . Fortunately , a friend lent me his pencil .	PERSON scrambled at the last second to study for her exam . She arrived in class exhausted and her head clouded with sleep . She looked at her test and all the letters were blurred . A minutes later , she fainted on the floor . She woke up in the infirmary with a headache and an F.	PERSON has a big exam tomorrow . She pulled an all-nighter to study . The next day she went to class extremely tired . PERSON fell asleep at her desk . She slept right through her exam and failed .	I took an exam last week . It was very difficult . The last question was very hard to do . I was not able to finish the test in the amount of time I was given . I felt bad about it for a few days .	PERSON has a math exam on Friday . She is stressed out about it . PERSON decided to study every day until Friday . When the teacher gave the test , PERSON was ready . PERSON made an A on her exam .
anger	PERSON had an anger issue . He would lash out at anyone he sees . His parents brought him to counselling . He started getting better just by talking to someone . He no longer has the issues .	PERSON decided to meet up with PERSON because she was sad . Her boyfriend broke up with her without an explanation . PERSON was a little hesitant to meet up with her . He told PERSON that her ex boyfriend was n't a good person to pursue . However , he showed his support for PERSON by comforting her .	I am Chinese . One day an eight year old boy made fun of my race . I stopped my bike and went to the boy . I offered to rearrange his face . He ran away , scared .	PERSON was sent to anger management class . He learned to work through his issues . Soon his anger grew gradually lower . In a few months he was calm and under control . Anger management classes had really worked for PERSON !	PERSON punched the wall . She made a hole the shape of her fist . She bought some putty to fix the hole . She fixed the hole . She worked on her anger management .
star wars	PERSON knew nothing about Star Wars . All of his friends were Star War fanatics . They would make movie references often . PERSON would feel left out . PERSON spent a whole weekend watching every Star Wars film ever made .	The tickets went on sale a good two months before the movie opened . He waited by his computer until the tickets were available . He quickly bought tickets for two different showings . He knew he would want to see it multiple times . He was so excited , now he had to wait for it to open !	I seen the first Star Wars movie when I was ten . I fell in love with the Star Wars movies . I never thought they would make a new Star Wars movie . A new Star Wars movie is coming out at the end of 2015 . I 'm going to wait in line for a week before the premier .	PERSON grew up being a Star Wars fan and loved it very much . When she had children she expected them to love Star Wars as well . Her first son showed no interest in Star Wars and that upset her . So when she had her second son she raised him to watch Star Wars . Her second son became a huge fan of Star Wars and she was very happy .	On January 2 , my son took my wife and myself to see Star Wars . It was playing at a local theater . The theater was old but convenient . I liked the movie very much . The crowd applauded at the end .
new couch	PERSON wanted a new couch . She convinced her husband to go shopping for one with her . They looked at several and could n't agree on one . They found a leather couch that reclines and both loved it . PERSON is so proud of her new couch .	When PERSON wins $ 1000 at the track he hides it in the couch . When he comes home the next day his wife shows him the new couch . In a panic he tells her about the money . They get their old couch back . PERSON ends up sleeping on that couch for the next week .	PERSON needed a new couch desperately . His dog had stained his . He had been to many stores . He finally found the perfect one . He bought it and trashed his old one .	PERSON wanted to buy a new couch . His girlfriend did n't like his old one . He went to the furniture store to check some out . They all looked too ugly or felt too stiff . He decided to stick with the one he has instead .	PERSON moved to a new apartment , but did n't have anywhere to sit . He decided to go to the furniture store . At the store , he saw a nice looking recliner . PERSON paid for the recliner at the front . The next day , the furniture store had the couch delivered to PERSON .
bad coffee	PERSON hated generic coffee chains . He got all his coffee from a small local shop . Eventually the shop shut down . PERSON was never able to find coffee as good again . He decided to just stop drinking it completely .	PERSON was groggy before work , so he made some coffee . He poured his coffee , then added cream . PERSON realized he mistakenly added orange juice instead of cream ! His coffee was ruined so he dumped it in the sink . He laughed at his mistake and brewed a fresh pot of coffee .	PERSON ordered a large coffee on her way to work . She sipped it as she pulled away . Then she grimaced . The barista had forgotten her sugar ! PERSON wished she had time to return for a new coffee !	PERSON was curious about some coffee . She tried some her mom made . She then immediately spit it out . It tasted terrible . It was far too sour and PERSON never wanted coffee again .	PERSON loved Starbucks coffee . A friend told him to try a local joint instead . PERSON went along and tried it out . He wound up hating it and could n't even finish . PERSON decided to just stick to STarbucks .
hot tea	PERSON was making sweet tea . He had just finished pouring it . He had n't put any ice in it yet . A friend tried to drink some without realizing it . They burned their mouth .	It was a really cold day . So PERSON made some tea . She was impatient and drank it right away . And she burnt her tongue . Unfortunately , she was still cold too .	Candy loved drinking tea . Thankfully she got some new bags yesterday . The teas were delicious . Unfortunately she burned herself . Thankfully the pain went away soon .	PERSON prepared a cup of tea for PERSON . She walked towards him with the tea glass . She tripped on a textbook . While the tea cup was in the air , the tea spilled on PERSON . He ran as fast as he can since the tea burned his face .	PERSON made herself a cup of hot tea . She put in the tea bag and took a sip . It was delicious . However to her dismay , she spilled some . PERSON ended up with a burn .
the ticket	PERSON was ready to board the train and go home . She checked to make sure she had all of her items . She realized that she did not have her train ticket ! She ran home from the station to find the ticket . By the time she got back to the station , the train had left .	PERSON dreamed of winning the lottery . He bought lottery tickets every day for years . PERSON 's dad told him he was wasting money . Deciding to stop buying tickets , PERSON bought one last ticket . PERSON won the lottery for 5 million dollars .	PERSON was driving on the highway . An ambulance was behind PERSON . She did n't pull over for the ambulance to pass . A police officer saw everything happen . He pulled over PERSON and gave her a ticket .	I took a drive out to visit my mom . A cop pulled up behind me and turned his lights on . He asked for my license and insurance so I gave it to him . He showed me my driver 's license had expired last month . He gave me an extremely expensive ticket and let me drive away .	I was caught speeding in my sports car . The police officer gave me a ticket . I cursed at him and threw the ticket out the window . I decided to drive off into the distance . The policeman caught me and sent me to jail .
heart	I tried to ignore the feeling . My chest was tight . I went to the doctor when it would n't go away . I was terrified my heart was diseased . He told me instead that I had asthma .	The tiny plastic heart was hanging from a chain . It was filled with pink glitter . The girl stared at it for a long time . She sprinkled a little into her hand . She spread it on her cheeks and called herself a princess .	There once was a man named fred . He thought he might end up real dead . One day in his sleep , he did n't make a peep . And then he almost died from a heart problem . However , he was able to get it fixed .	PERSON had a very pessimistic view on love . PERSON knowing this , did not want anything to do with him . This upsets him further . He starts drinking away the feelings for a while . After a month , he gets over it .	PERSON wanted to figure out the beating in his chest . He asked his brother . His brother said it rhymes with art . PERSON thought hard . Then he realized it was his heart .
chickens	We went to the feed store the other day . In the feed store , they had a bunch of baby chickens . I wanted to buy one , but had no money . I had to leave without a chicken . I still think of those chickens sometimes with regret .	We live in a city neighborhood . One day a neighbor started raising chickens in his yard . We were amused , but did nothing . Another neighbor complained to the police . The neighbor had to get rid of the chickens .	Last year we decided to get chickens . We got them as chicks and I raised them . They are so cute as chicks , but so messy ! I handled them multiple times a day . Now the chickens come up to us for head-pets !	PERSON has just learned about dinosaurs . He would like to see a dinosaur , but his teacher says they 're gone . He asks his dad , just to be sure . PERSON says he knows of a place with real , live dinosaurs cousins . Together they go to a chicken farm .	PERSON got some chickens . He fed them every day . One day he noticed his chickens would n't get up . He was worried but soon he found why . Those chickens laid eggs .
cheer	PERSON was a cheerleader . She was performing at a football game . She climbed to the top of the cheer pyramid . But then she toppled to the ground ! PERSON was lucky not to be injured .	PERSON tried out for the cheerleading team . She jumped wrong . She fell to the ground . The judge gave her a second chance . She stayed on her feet on her second attempt .	PERSON loved gymnastics and dance . She joined cheer for the first time . She was going to compete in just a couple of months . PERSON practiced diligently . She wanted to do a great job .	PERSON dreamed of being a cheerleader in high school . She was worried that she would n't be good enough to make the team . PERSON practiced every day for three weeks . After the auditions , she nervously awaited the results . PERSON was good enough to become the head cheerleader !	PERSON was almost out of gas on a desert highway . She and her friends were becoming anxious about running out . They had n't seen a sign in miles . Finally the lights of the gas station could be seen up ahead . The girls all let out a loud cheer .
tickets	PERSON was hoping to get some tickets to the Superbowl . Unfortunately they sold out before he could get them . He had to purchase the tickets second-hand online . He ended up paying twice they were originally worth . But since his team won , he felt the tickets were worth it .	PERSON 's parents could only afford for her to go into LOCATION . They had just enough money for one hotel night and her admission . They watched her walk into the entrance and stood around . They would talk to her via a cheap prepaid phone . A stranger who watched this unfold , offered them two free tickets .	PERSON had been dying to see her favorite band . One day , she found out they were playing in a city an hour away . PERSON immediately bought tickets for her and her friends . PERSON and her friends drove to the concert . When they got there , PERSON realized she left the tickets at home .	PERSON wanted to win the lottery . He bought a hundred tickets ! He was sure he had a good chance of winning . Alas , he did not win any money at all . PERSON wished he had not wasted so much money on tickets .	PERSON had a lot of parking tickets . He paid them off and thought nothing of them . But then he got a letter from his insurance policy . They were raising his premium as a result of all the tickets ! PERSON , dejected , resolved to be more careful in the future .
out	She awoke later than she had planned . She rolled over , realizing her alarm had n't gone off . She reset the alarm and charged her phone . She went to take a long shower . She did n't care anymore about being late .	PERSON wanted to tell his mom that he was gay . But he feared her reaction . Finally , he nerved himself up and confessed to her . To his surprise , she smiled and hugged him ! She told PERSON that she 'd always love him - no matter what .	PERSON 's brother and dad drove of town . When they arrived in LOCATION they called the house . PERSON was the only one awake . Her dad did n't want her to wake her mother . The next morning she relayed his message to her .	Several kids were being obnoxious in class . My teacher finally yelled at them so they can calm down . He took out several referrals . The kids were apologizing for their misbehavior . However , the teacher did n't care and gave them referrals .	I opened the door to let the dog out . I did n't look before she went into the yard . A small kitten was standing beside the tree . She ran straight for the kitten . The kitten hissed and ran for the fence .
bad decision	PERSON really wanted to have a big night out . He checked his bank and he only had $ 10 . Against his better judgement , PERSON took out a loan to fund his night . 2 weeks later , PERSON got a letter in the post . The interest on his loan was over 1000 % and he 'd forgotten to pay it .	PERSON woke up with a bad hangover . He looked around for his pants , but could n't find them . He turned over in his bed and a strange woman was there . PERSON looked at her again and recognized her . It was the old woman who lived next door .	PERSON was a gymnast and practiced every day . One day , she landed badly and her leg was in excruciating pain . She was determined and decided to just keep going . The next day , she collapsed at the gym because the pain was so bad . At the hospital , she learned waiting had made her injury much worse .	My small school group went on a backpacking trip . I thought that If I carried less food weight , that I would eat less . Seven miles up the trail , my small bag of trail mix was unsatisfying . I spent the rest of the week extremely hungry . I learned my lesson and always brought plenty of food on later trips .	PERSON and PERSON went for a walk . PERSON decided to run across the street . PERSON yelled at her to stop . PERSON did not listen to him . She was struck by a car and was badly injured .
allergic	PERSON hated her boyfriend 's dog . She pretended she was allergic to dogs . With a sad heart , her boyfriend gave the dog away . The two married , and PERSON kept her secret . They had a baby boy , who grew up begging for a puppy .	Drew gave his girlfriend a pair of flowers . Her girlfriend gave him a large hug and took the flowers away . A few minutes later , her face started to get puffy . She immediately fell on the ground . Drew called the ambulance and they gave her medication .	Since PERSON was born he was allergic to many things . He could n't eat peanuts , fish or eggs . This made it difficult for PERSON to try new foods . His mother began taking him to get allergy shots . PERSON had his first peanut butter and jelly sandwich at 9 years old .	I went to eat shrimp scampi at a restaurant . Suddenly , I got very sick . It turns out I am allergic to shrimp scampi . I was sad that I suddenly could not eat my favorite dish . However , I decided that eating fried shrimp is just as good .	PERSON wanted to pet the neighbor 's dog . He is allergic to dogs and his mom said no . He scratched the dog 's ear quickly . Later his eyes were swelled up . He did n't pet the neighbor 's dog anymore .
archery	PERSON was interested in archery . She did n't know much about it . She approached a coach and began training . PERSON was very good at archery . She entered into her first event and won it .	PERSON was the archery champ at her local archery range . She bragged about it to everyone . Then , someone new challenged her . They beat her soundly . PERSON is much more humble now .	PERSON had wanted to learn archery since he was a small child . When he turned 12 , his parents decided he could have lessons . He dreamed of going to the lesson and making a bulls eye ! Unfortunately , none of his arrows even hit the target . Though PERSON was n't very good yet , he was determined to keep at it .	PERSON wanted to learn how to shoot a bow and arrow . Her grandpa took her to an archery range . PERSON 's grandpa showed her how to hold the bow . PERSON shot arrows all morning long . She got her first bullseye that day !	PERSON wanted to be an archer . She took archery lessons . Then she entered an archery contest . She took first place ! PERSON was officially an archer now !
coin toss	PERSON decided he would make all his decisions by flipping a coin . On his first day of doing this , the coin told him to walk to work . PERSON made the four mile journey on foot . He got to work on time , but covered in embarrassing sweat marks . PERSON decided to return to normal decision making rather than the coin .	PERSON loves rap and hip hop . His wife PERSON loves country music . They are taking a long car trip and both made mix tapes . They argue about which music they will listen to in the car . They end up flipping a coin to determine the outcome .	The captains of the two teams stood together . The referee told them the rules . He threw the coin . It landed tails . The home team chose to kick .	PERSON wants to watch Reign on Netflix . Her boyfriend wants to watch The Walking Dead . They ca n't decide which to watch . The boyfriend suggest they flip a coin , the boyfriend flips it . The coin lands on tails and PERSON wins , they watched Reign .	Before the football game the team captains met at LOCATION . The home team selected head for the coin flip . The referee tossed the coin in the air . The coin landed at his feet . The ref picked up the coin and announced it was tails .
play	The girl was scared to go outside . Her mom encouraged her to go . She ended up going . She met other kids . They were all nice and played with her .	PERSON wrote a short play . She asked her mom to take a part . Her mom picked the part of the villain . PERSON took the part of the hero . They acted out the play in the living room .	The cat meowed . The man thought it wanted food . The man fed the cat . The cat kept meowing . The man realized the cat wanted to play .	The kids put on a play . A lot of parents were in the audience . They were taking pictures of the kids . This distracted the kids . The teacher asked the parents not to take pictures .	PERSON was going for a tryout to be in a play . She was really nervous about it and almost dropped out . On the day of the tryout she wanted me to come with . I came with to give her comfort and she did great ! PERSON received the part in the plan that she wanted !
speed dating	PERSON went speed dating one night . He told this one girl a little bit about himself . She was very cute and they had a lot in common . She was n't interested in him though . PERSON felt hopeless and gave up looking for love .	PERSON introduced herself to me . I tried to exchange some information about me to let her know me more . She seemed great , until she complained about her ex-boyfriend . She could n't stop complaining about his infidelity . After the date , I choose not to talk to her in the future .	My friend asked me to go speed dating today , with her . I was reluctant . What if I did n't meet anyone . As we arrived I began to feel more comfortable . There was someone I felt an instant connection with .	PERSON had already talked to five girls that evening . The next one at the table seemed nicer than the rest . He made his pitch like he did with the others . But this new girl laughed at him outright . PERSON left the speed dating bar wishing he never came .	PERSON was excited to go Speed Dating . She was anticipating meeting a lot of nice people , especially guys . She waited patiently at her table for guys to chat with her . She was starting to feel sad as no one appeared to her table . Finally , a nice guy came to her table to chat .
stung	Nala was at a family picnic . A bee approached her drink , and she shooed it away . But the bee stung her ! Nala 's arm immediately began to swell . That was how she discovered she was allergic to bees .	In fifth grade I got stung by a bee . I had never been stung before . I was playing soccer when I felt I weird pain right on my groin . I ran to the nurse 's office in panic . The bee was still in my boxers connected to the stinger .	PERSON was stung at a picnic . The insect bit her hand . Her entire arm swelled and reddened ! PERSON 's mom rushed her to the hospital . There , they gave her medicine to reduce the swelling .	PERSON was stung by a yellow hornet . Her arm swelled up and turned red . She had not known she was allergic ! She went to the urgent care clinic . There , they gave her a shot to help reduce the swelling .	PERSON was wading in the ocean . She was having a lovely time at first . Then she felt a terrible pain in her leg . A tiny jellyfish had stung PERSON 's calf ! Crying , she stumbled out of the water to seek help .
swimming lessons	Carol wanted very much to learn how to swim . She signed up for swimming lessons and practiced often . At first , she sputtered and struggled to stay afloat . But she learned quickly , and soon challenged her pal to a race . She was so skilled , she won the contest without even trying !	Today is PERSON 's first swimming lesson . He arrived at the pool with his parents at 2 . He got in the pool as they watched from the bleachers . The teacher had him swim laps first . After that , he taught him to dive .	PERSON had her first swimming lesson tonight ! She was so excited . Her teacher was very nice . She swam and swam for what felt like hours . By the time she was done with her lesson she was exhausted .	The water was cold . I did not feel like swimming . My dad told me I needed to learn . He threw me in the pool . I decided swimming was fun after all .	PERSON was afraid of swimming . She could n't go underwater without holding her nose . PERSON decided to take swimming lessons to conquer her fear . It took several weeks , but she finally grew confident . PERSON loved conquering her fear .
the goat	PERSON the goat lived in the backyard of a sweet family . Every day they would feed PERSON and pet her . One day some dogs got into the back yard with PERSON . They chased her and bit her until she became very exhausted . PERSON 's family was devastated that the dogs almost killed PERSON .	A goat lived in the woods . Sturdy and strong , it went for a walk . The goat travelled for many miles finding a beautiful prairie . It decided to make the prarie its new home . The goat lived out the rest of its life at the new prarie .	The boy was playing on the farm . He saw the cutest goat ! He started to pet it . The goat nuzzled him . The boy wished he had his own boat !	PERSON loved goats . She went to visit her aunt PERSON . Sue lived on a farm . PERSON was so happy to see the baby goats . Aunt Sue gave her a goat .	The goat went into the barnyard . The chickens were by the feed area . The chickens chased the goat away . The farmer finally ran the chickens off . The goat could finally eat .
hotel	PERSON and PERSON did not know what to do . They decided to run around in a hotel . They kept climbing the stairs and knocking on doors . They ended up getting in trouble . They got kicked out	PERSON wanted to get a hotel room for his mom while she was in town . She did n't come into town much so he was very excited . PERSON booked a very nice hotel for her and offered to pay . When she got to the hotel it was very nice and she was pleased ! Her time with the hotel was great and she reviewed it online after .	PERSON and her pals were driving down the strip looking for their hotel . They kept driving and were off the strip . They finally arrived , but it was n't on the strip . They were sad it was n't on the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . But they were just pleased to have finally arrived .	Frank was booking a hotel online . He searched for hours trying to find the right room . Finally , he was able to find a good hotel within his price range . Days later , he arrived at the hotel , ready to start his vacation . He was surprised when the hotel room was much less nice in person .	PERSON was on a business trip in LOCATION . He was tired and feeling lonely . One night , he decided to loiter in the hotel lobby . He met a friend there named PERSON . PERSON and PERSON stayed up the whole night talking .
the spelling bee	PERSON was entering the spelling bee . He was one of the final three contestants . PERSON second guessed himself on one of the last words . He spelled the word wrong . PERSON came in third in the spelling bee .	The students were all lined up on stage . The annual spelling bee had commenced . They all took their turns spelling , one after another . The competition was winding down and only two were left . The final word was spelled and a winner announced .	PERSON was doing great at the spelling bee . It was down to just her and one other person . Their final word came up . The other person misspelled the word . PERSON knew it , spelled it out , and won the spelling bee !	PERSON was the best speller in his class . He could spell any word . His school was having a spelling bee . He was invited to compete . When it was his turn , he won !	PERSON and Star were the two finalists in the Spelling Bee Championship . PERSON and Star had two days to study the words for the final round . Feeling cocky , PERSON hardly studied the words for the finals . Star studied every day and night leading up to the finals . Star defeated PERSON and became Spelling Bee Champion !
lunch	PERSON was eating his lunch when his phone rang . He walked away long enough to answer it . When he came back , most of his lunch was gone . He looked over at his dog . His dog was licking his lips and chewing pieces of food .	I was hungry so I thought I 'd make some lunch . I walked to the kitchen . I took down some spices . I mixed them with meat , vegetables , and pasta . Then I ate my lunch !	Today , I made lunch to bring to school with me . I made a sandwich with roast beef , pickles , and cheese . I also put a bag of chips in my lunch . I took it to school and had it at lunch time . I was really glad I had made myself lunch .	PERSON wanted to get lunch with me on her break . I asked where she wanted to go and she said Subway . We walked a few blocks over to the local Subway store . She ordered a veggie sub and I did n't get anything . After that she told me she enjoyed her lunch a lot .	PERSON saw that some of his classmates could not afford lunch . He felt bad for them . So he started to pack celery and peanut butter for them . Then he distributed them to the hungry children . They were so happy and grateful to PERSON !
spiders	My sister is afraid of spiders . She jumps and screams every time she sees one . I love teasing her with spiders and watching her run away . At school , my sister learned about spiders and was no longer afraid . Now I ca n't have fun teasing her about spiders .	PERSON hates spiders . She saw one in her apartment the other day and freaked out . She screamed and ran away . It took all her courage to go back and kill it . But when she returned it was gone .	The new fort I built in the backyard is filled with bugs . The kids avoid it because there are too many webs . I sprayed it out with Raid but did n't like that solution . Instead I got some mothballs and put them in the corners . Now the fort is free from bugs and spiders .	PERSON was afraid of spiders . This morning she found one in the bathtub . PERSON screamed for her younger brother to kill it . PERSON 's brother grabbed a slipper and smashed the spider . PERSON was pleased the spider was gone .	My 19 year old niece is a Snapchat user . Yesterday she posted a video about a spider . A spider had gotten into the living room . She was trying to find it but it crept under a table . She posted a video of herself screaming .
goodbye	I had a friend in college that I spoke to a lot . However when we graduated , we moved out of town . We were sad that we would n't see each other . We decided to both join skype . We then video chatted together every night .	PERSON 's dad had been sick with cancer for over 2 years . She lived far away from him and was constantly worried . She spoke to her mom one day who said things were worse than ever . PERSON drove 550 miles to see how things were for herself . She was able to see him and tell him she loved him before he passed .	PERSON got up early and got ready for his day . He put on his best suit and made sure he looked his best . He got in his car and drove to where his mom was . He walked in and was greeted by family and friends . He then approached the coffin and said his goodbye to his mom .	My Aunt found out she had stage four lung cancer . Two days later we left to make the eight hour drive to LOCATION LOCATION . Six and a half hours into the drive I received a phone call . At home and in comfort she had passed peacefully minutes earlier . She lay in state when I arrived to say my goodbye .	The dog was thinner than ever . The cancer was obviously too far along . The family decided that it was time . They all went together to the veterinarian 's office . Together , they said goodbye to a member of their family .
the table	PERSON got a new house . His house felt cozy . There was one problem . PERSON always ate on the couch . PERSON bought a brand new table and was very happy .	PERSON 's parents were out of town . She decided to throw a party . Many people showed up and they played drinking games on the table . The table got broken . PERSON was grounded for 6 months .	PERSON bought a table off Craigslist . She carefully sanded and stained it . She put it in her dining room when it was dry . She carefully set the table . The family could n't wait to eat at their new table .	My aunt has a table that wobbles . She has placed it in different places . She has put small items under some of the legs . It continues to wobble . The only thing she refuses to do is replace it .	One day , PERSON was coloring at the table . He accidently colored off the page and on the table . PERSON was very sad because it was his mother 's favorite table . PERSON 's mother was not angry . She used a cloth to wipe the crayon away .
the party	PERSON 's parents are going out of town this weekend . He invited all of his friends to a party he 's throwing Saturday night . PERSON 's parents told him to behave while they were gone . PERSON 's friends broke furniture and shattered plates during the party . PERSON 's parents grounded him for year .	PERSON was turn twelve on the same day as her best friend . The two decided to throw a party together on the same day . Her friend wanted a clown theme birthday party . PERSON disagreed with this idea she wanted an outer space theme . Comprising they threw a clown in space theme birthday party .	PERSON invited lots of people over . He wanted to throw a party for his wife . Everyone showed up and brought gifts . His wife never showed up ! SHe had gotten a flat tire on her way home from work .	PERSON always wanted to be the most popular girl in school . When her parents left for the week she knew she had to throw a party . She invited all the coolest kids and made sure there would be alcohol . When they all arrived and were about to start the police showed up . They arrest the cool kids and instead of popularity she became hated .	PERSON wanted to go to a party . Her parents forbid her from going . After they went to sleep PERSON sneaked out of the house . She came home very drunk after the party . Her parents said the hangover was punishment enough .
the bench	PERSON had inherited a bed from her grandparents . The mattress was old , so she threw it . PERSON wanted to keep the frame , but she had a bed . PERSON took the bed frame apart . She repurposed the frame into a bench .	I was sitting on the bench reading today . My neighbors PERSON and her son PERSON saw me and talked awhile . We talked about politics , sports , and coffee . PERSON , who is five , played with my cane . They left to go to the library , bidding me farewell .	PERSON had worked in her workshop for a week . She had built a big , sturdy bench . She put it on the front porch . When guests came over , they always sat on the bench to chat . She was proud of her handiwork .	The whole soccer team sat on the bench during half-time . The coach gave a big speech to motivate the team . The coach 's words fired up the whole team . Everyone rose to their feet and ran out on the field . The fans all cheered the team as they began to play .	PERSON was a straight A student . She was never good at sports however . She had to join a team for her college applications . PERSON joined the soccer team and tried to not do much . The coach knew her plan and placed her on the bench the whole season .
museum trip	PERSON went to the museum with his grandpa . He saw dinosaurs , nature exhibits and tigers . After the museum They went to get hot dogs for lunch . PERSON told his dad what he liked about the museum . PERSON and his dad had a fun day out .	I went to museum with my class today . My favorite exhibit was all the dinosaur skeletons . There were lots of other animals on display too . I wish I could have been around when they were alive . I had a really good time at the museum today .	Pepper was very excited about the dinosaur bones . The archaeologists came to Pepper 's house to look at them . They dug up the bones and took them to the museum . At the museum , they cleaned the bones . They put the clean bones on display for people to see .	PERSON has a school trip to the local museum . He was always interested in History and its progression . PERSON asked his mother for money to go on the trip . His mother refused because she had bills to pay . PERSON was very upset that he missed out on this trip .	PERSON was taking an art history class the required a museum trip . At the end of the week she had chosen one to go to . At first the museum seemed very boring to her . But as time went on she began to really enjoy the trip . Afterwards she told her professor how much she had enjoyed her trip .
the engagement	PERSON and PERSON were highschool sweethearts . They dated off and on for 12 years . Everyone always knew they would get married . PERSON waited until their 15th year anniversary to pop the question . PERSON said yes she would marry him .	Adam really loved PERSON . He wanted to be with her forever . He decided to ask her to marry him , and bought a ring . He took Angel to her favorite dining place and proposed . Angel said yes , which made PERSON happy .	PERSON loved his girlfriend very much . He decided to propose to her . He dropped down on one knee and popped the question . She screamed YES ! PERSON could n't wait to enjoy their engagement .	Sue and PERSON had been dating for 3 years . Sue was sure they were going to get engaged . One day PERSON took Sue for a walk . During the walk , he dropped down on one knee . He asked her to marry him and she said yes .	I have been dating someone for a couple years . We have even lived together for the past 2 years . We are looking to buy our first house . I decided that it was time to ` pop the question ' . On the beach , at sunset , she became by fiance .
fired	Our agency had a new IT director in 1995 . He was politically connected . One day his staff had to fix his computer . They found porn on his hard drive . He was fired right away , despite his connections .	PERSON needed to create a new presentation for his job . PERSON struggled to come up with new ideas . PERSON did not meet the deadline . As a result his presentation was incomplete . PERSON was fired from the job .	Jeff has to fire PERSON because he never shows up to work . At first PERSON was nervous and did n't want to upset PERSON . The day that PERSON was to get fired he called in sick . This upset PERSON because he needed PERSON to be at work that day . This made PERSON 's job a lot easier to fire him because he was mad .	My friend got fired from her job . She was a teacher . She was fired for daring a couple kids to kiss each other . It was a boy and a girl . It took her a while to find another job .	PERSON worked as a pizza delivery man . One day he yelled at a customer for being rude . His boss fired him for doing this . It took a very long time for PERSON to find a new delivery job . After this experience , he vowed never to snap at a customer again .
dancer	Rose wanted to learn to dance ballet . But she was so clumsy and had two left feet ! Then a friend suggested she try yoga to limber up . The stretches and poses soon had Rose graceful and strong . The yoga helped her excel in her ballet classes !	PERSON was dancing at a local club . A man came up to her and told her he worked at a record company . He offered PERSON a job as a backup dancer . PERSON was able to travel the world with her new job . She loved every minute of it .	PERSON dreamed of being a professional dancer . She applied to all the top schools . Her first choice did n't accept her . Heartbroken , PERSON decided to keep faith in her other choices . PERSON 's second choice accepted her .	PERSON was a ballerina and loved dancing . Then one day she stumbled and hurt her foot . She was terrified she would never dance again . But her doctor bandaged it well and reassured her . Sure enough , after two months her foot was as good as new !	PERSON is a talented dancer . She has moved a new apartment that has space for her to practice . Unfortunately , she is on the second floor of the building . She receives many complaints because she dances too loudly at night . PERSON has to look for another place now that is on the bottom floor .
prom night	Everyone waited outside for the Bus to take them to the hotel . When we arrived , there were several people who helped us get around . They showed us the dancing hall as well as the food isle . I ran to the food aisle to eat a quick snack . Afterwards , I danced , until my feet was sore , at the party .	I went on my prom in 1988 . My date PERSON , was a friend and a co worker . We took pictures and ate as soon as we entered the venue . After eating , we hit the dance floor and cut up a rug . When prom was over , we went for late ice cream and headed home .	PERSON was looking forward to going to prom with her boyfriend PERSON . PERSON cancelled two hours before prom , he was sick . PERSON did not know what to do . She went anyway . She ended up having a great time , dancing with her friends .	PERSON was excited for her senior year prom that night . She could n't believe that the cutest guy had asked her out . She always thought of herself as frumpy and awkward with an underbite . When she went to meet him at the dance her heart froze still . He explained how he lost a bet and had to be her date .	PERSON was very excited to be going to prom with PERSON . He was normally a gentleman but he was drinking that night . PERSON felt very uncomfortable and asked to go home . PERSON got very upset and almost hit her in the face . PERSON broke up with PERSON the next day and felt good for being strong .
loud music	PERSON moved into a new apartment in a new neighborhood . It was a lot of work to move the furniture and he was tired . His first night was peaceful , but the next day , he could n't sleep . His neighbor was listening to loud music . PERSON talked to the neighbor and the music stopped .	PERSON 's neighbors bought a new stereo . They would often crank up their music . PERSON was really annoyed by it . Eventually he got enough courage to ask them to turn it down . The neighbors agreed to it .	I went to a concert last night with some friends . I had lots of fun . The music was extremely loud though . My ears were ringing all day today at work . Next time I 'll have to bring earplugs .	PERSON put on his headphones and listened to really loud death metal . And the music helped him express his anger and anxiety . But after taking his headphones off , he head a ringing noise . He thought it would go away . But it lasted for the rest of his life .	My son was playing his guitar especially loudly . I knocked equally loudly on his door . He timidly asked me what the problem was . I asked him to play only as loud as he was speaking then . He decided to play video games instead .
the game	The kids wanted to play a game . The could not decide what to play . The finally drew straws . They ended up playing monopoly . They played for hours until all went bankrupt .	PERSON was playing a new game on his smartphone . He was getting really engrossed in it . He started playing it so much that he neglected to do his homework . He started getting bad grades , which made his mother mad . His mother took away his phone as punishment .	The kids dug through their game cabinet . They picked a board game they all wanted to play . They split into teams and started to play . The game went on for hours . They were relieved when one team finally won .	The Sharks had a game against the Fins on Sunday . The Sharks goalie was hurt and could n't play . PERSON was asked to fill in . Everyone cheered him on . PERSON blocked every shot and skyrocketed to superstar status .	I used to work at an animal hospital . Some dogs had to stay over night . At night , I would play with the dogs so they did n't get lonely . One night , I thought I lost one in the facility . The next moment I turn my head and see a big ball of fluff in my face !
olympics	LOCATION made a bid for the Olympics . They promised to clean their city . They won the contract . They hired a good manager to oversee operations . The Olympics went smoothly .	PERSON enjoyed watching the Olympics but she could n't ! She could n't get the TV to work ! She asked her friends for help but they did n't know either . Finally PERSON asked her dad for help and he came over . He got the TV to work and she was very happy .	The opening ceremonies of the olympics went on . The teams competed the following weeks . Some teams one , some did n't . The closing ceremonies happened . The olympics were over .	PERSON has been training for the Olympics since he was 14 years old . He made it to the 2016 Olympics in LOCATION . On the day of his events , he was extremely nervous . He lost three events but placed second in two others . He returned home very thankful with two silver medals .	Tonight was the olympics . PERSON could n't wait to see it . She was excited . Then she watched it . She was disappointed .
boots	My wife needed a pair of boots for the winter . She went to a store in the mall . She also went to a factory outlet . She bought a pair of boots , Then she bought four more pairs !	PERSON said she would turn in her gear if she did n't get some boots . She was sick of being the only one on scene without proper PPE . The Chief told her to go buy a pair and he 'd reimburse her . PERSON bought a really nice pair of tactical response boots . The chief paid the bill and mused his feet could probably fit in them .	PERSON 's mom bought him a new pair of boots for school . The boots were a little big and PERSON was unhappy . But gradually his feet grew into them . Then kev became glad that his boots still fit ! He was happy that his mom had had that much foresight .	I love my husband but sometimes I wonder why I married him . He 's loving , considerate and not always the sharpest tack in the box . It snowed and I could n't find my snow boots . My husband came in and told me he donated my boots to Goodwill . I was upset but I bought them back off of Ebay .	My black cat 's name was boots . He walked around the whole house crying one day . I finally took him to the Vet to see what was wrong with him . The doctor told me my cat was dying and would pass soon . I spent the remaining precious days making Boots comfortable .
PERSON 's big move	PERSON hated her life in LOCATION LOCATION . She wanted to get away from her old life . So PERSON moved away to LOCATION LOCATION with her new boyfriend . Unfortunately PERSON 's boyfriend dumped her . So PERSON begrudgingly moved back to LOCATION to her former friends .	PERSON had a good life with his wife in the suburbs . However , after his wife divorced him , PERSON thinks about moving . He visits a small apartment in the city center and decides to take it . The apartment feels small and cramped compared to his old place . Still when he walks outside he sees single people and is happy .	PERSON was unhappy about having to move to a new town . His father had gotten a new job in another state . His parents told him they did n't have a choice about leaving . PERSON tried to accept the fact that there would be an adjustment period . After a couple weeks in the new place , he started to make new friends .	PERSON was hired for a new job . Her new job was several states away . PERSON was nervous about leaving her friends and family behind . She made new friends . PERSON loves her new home .	PERSON moved to LOCATION six months ago to find a better job . LOCATION is a large country and can seem scary at first . PERSON soon met some new friends . He began working with one of his friends . PERSON is glad that he moved to LOCATION .
cornbread	Sue was a great cook . She decided to make cornbread . As she was baking it , she got distracted . Sue started to smell something burning . She had burned her cornbread .	June was cooking cornbread and realized that she was out of butter . She ran up to the store and bought the butter along with other items . When she got home , she checked all the bags but the butter was missing Although annoyed , she ran back up to the store to get the butter . She made the cornbread and it tasted better than it ever had .	My Mom never ate cornbread as a child . My Dad is from the LOCATION . He grew up eating cornbread . My Mom finally learned to make cornbread for my Dad . That made him very happy !	Sue was great at making cornbread . This time she decided to make mexican cornbread . She bought all the ingredients . She followed her recipe . Sue did everything perfectly except she let the bread burn .	PERSON loved to cook and always spent time in the evening cooking . One night , she decided to make cornbread . She started stir ingredients and realized she did not have eggs . She begged her mother who ran to the store to purchase some . She was able to complete her recipe for the cornbread .
bad date	PERSON went on a date with PERSON . She was excited at first . Yet when they went on the date it was terrible . PERSON kept talking about himself . PERSON did n't like that and did n't want to see him again .	PERSON went on a date with a new girl . He met her off of Tinder . The date started out bad and kept getting worse . Eventually PERSON found an excuse to bail . He ended the date early and never talked to her again .	PERSON agreed to go on a date with PERSON . She got ready and headed out . When she got there he was there . All he did on the date was complain . She no longer wanted him .	PERSON went on a date with a girl he met at a bar . He did n't remember much about her . The date went horribly . PERSON made up an excuse to leave early . He left and never talked to her again .	PERSON went on a first date with Eddie . At dinner , PERSON apparently ate something she was allergic to . Her face started to swell and she developed a rash . She asked PERSON to take her home , but he refused at first . He finally took PERSON home , but she never wanted to see him again .
grocery store	PERSON went to to store to get food . He did n't know the floor was just mopped . The person who mopped did n't put up a wet floor sign . PERSON slipped and fell . I could n't help laughing at him !	PERSON took her three kids to the grocery store . She took the 2 youngest and put them in a cart . Her oldest son was suppose to help her put items in the cart . All he did was wander around and ask for things . PERSON left the store very frustrated .	PERSON needed some flour and milk . She went to the local grocery store to get them . When she walked in , she saw a girl from work that she does n't like . The girl yelled at her from across the store , but PERSON ignored her . She hurriedly got her groceries and left .	I woke up this morning and noticed I had no groceries . Trying to change this , I got dressed real quick and got in my car . I drove straight to my local grocery store and grabbed a cart . After 30 minutes , I got everything I needed and out I went . Driving back to my house , I could n't wait to cook up breakfast !	PERSON had a new job at a grocery store . She thought it was going to be an easy job . PERSON was not prepared for a job standing for hours . She also was twisting her torso as she rang groceries . At the end of the first week PERSON 's whole torso was sore .
shark	PERSON loved to fish in the ocean . He decided to take his sister and mother in law fishing . They chummed behind the boat for 2 hours . His mother in law had a bite on her hook . She pulled in a 5 foot shark all by herself .	A boy was swimming in the ocean . He then heard splashing around him . Then he saw a large fin breach the water . The boy swam as fast as he could toward shore . The boy finally made it to the beach safety away from the shark .	PERSON went scuba diving . He saw many beautiful fish . Then he spotted a shark cruising his way ! PERSON hurried back up to the boat . He was grateful that the shark had n't attacked !	I loved swimming at the beach . One day I saw a big shark . The shark suddenly attacked me . I lost my left hand . I never went back to the beach ever since .	The seal came onto the beach . A person walked towards the seal . The seal got scared . The seal went back into LOCATION . A shark ate the seal .
injury	PERSON sprained his ankle going down the stairs . Since the injury , PERSON would not stop talking about his ankle . People were sympathetic at first , but PERSON would n't stop . Many of PERSON 's friends became very frustrated . Everyone was relieved when PERSON 's ankle finally healed .	I was playing with my dog and fell down the stairs . I heard my leg snap and my mom rushed into the room . We had to go to the emergency room . I found out I broke two bones in my leg ! It took three months to heal and walk again .	My brother and I were playing with his bow and arrow kit . We were standing in the yard . He got frustrated when he missed his target . He threw the bow at the ground . It broke , and came back up and hit his eye , damaging it .	PERSON was skiing one day . The sun dazzled him and blinded him temporarily . PERSON tripped over an exposed tree root . He went flying and landed sprawled on the ground . PERSON had injured his knee badly .	PERSON was watching her son play football . He jumped to catch the ball . But was tackled hard . Everyone in the stands stood and gasped . They all cheered when the boy jumped to his feet and was not hurt .
jumping rope	PERSON sat on the steps watching the girls jump rope . She wanted to learn and asked the girls to show her . The girls teased her that she was too small . Her mom felt bad for her . She taught her daughter how to jump rope .	PERSON had always loved jumping rope . She joined a team . The team went to a double dutch competition . The competition was very fierce . Her team performed and won the competition .	PERSON was jumping rope this morning . PERSON asked PERSON to teach him how to jump rope . They spent the afternoon in the driveway jumping rope . PERSON is pretty good now . PERSON says he is almost as good as her .	PERSON wanted to play with PERSON . She called PERSON to ask her if she could . PERSON thought it was a good idea . They met at the park . The girls had a lot of fun playing together .	A man decided to buy a jump rope to add to his exercise regime . He noticed he got tired after a short time . He found some motivational music that really inspired and fueled him . He was able to skip rope longer while listening to the music . He drastically increased his fitness in large thanks to the music .
PERSON gets bullied	PERSON was the new kid in school . He was n't adjusting to life at his new school . He was walking to gym glass late one afternoon . He was stopped by a group of bullies . PERSON was stuffed into a locker .	PERSON is the new girl . She does n't have many friends . She tries to make a friend with a girl in school . The girl pushes her down and laughs at her . PERSON got bullied on her first day of school .	PERSON is a very fast runner . But there is a bully in his class that is slow . The bully pushes PERSON down every time they go to class . Finally , PERSON decides to push the bully back . Now PERSON needs to run extra fast to get away from the bully .	PERSON was never in the popular crowd . One day on the bus PERSON got bullied . The bully brought him to the back of the bus . PERSON started to cry when the bully kicked him . PERSON is afraid to go to school now .	PERSON was a small kid . He always got picked on . One day a bully picked him up and shook his change out . PERSON had no money to eat lunch . PERSON did not each lunch that day .
angry	Our daughter worked as a waitress after graduating from college . She made a lot of money on tips . She ended up owing the IRS some money . She was not happy about the taxes . She went to grad school the next year .	My friend PERSON and I used to play chess in the atrium of our building . We played speed games during lunch . One day a stranger walked by and asked if he could play . He won a game against PERSON . PERSON was angered by the stranger 's smug look .	PERSON was extremely angry one day . So he decided to go outside and take a walk . But he felt angry at everyone who passed by him . Eventually , PERSON started to argue with a man and tried to fight him . PERSON later found himself in a hospital .	He told me he was mean to me because he was sad . He said he hated himself . I asked why it made him feel good to be mean to me . He said it did n't at all , in fact it only made him feel worse . I shook my head and walked away .	The man got angry . He did something . He regretted it later . He apologized for what he did . He was never quite forgiven .
tooth pain	I had the most painful feeling in my tooth . It felt like my tooth was on fire . I tried putting ice on it but it did n't help . I went to the store and bought pain medicine . After taking the medicine , I was fine .	PERSON had one bad tooth . It hurt him every time he ate something . Because he was so stubborn , he refused to go to the dentist . But when the pain became unbearable he had to go . The dentist removed the tooth and PERSON could eat normally again .	PERSON was eating breakfast one morning . Suddenly she felt a soreness in her teeth . She went to brush them but still felt nervous . She decided to make an appointment with her dentist to be safe . She did have a cavity that they were able to fix .	PERSON was having some tooth pain . She ate food that was too cold . So she decided to put gel on it . It took awhile . But after an hour she felt much better .	PERSON was getting ready for work one morning . As she brushed her teeth she felt an extreme pain . One of her molars was very sore so she went to the dentist . To her dismay he found a few cavities in her mouth . She had him fix them up and soon her mouth hurt less .
discrimination	PERSON was walking towards the men 's room . When he came into the room , he saw another person . The person did n't bother to talk . He looked terrified and backed up . PERSON asked if anything is wrong and he did n't reply .	The teacher was disturbed by my friend 's new hairstyle . He asked my friend about his hairstyle and said that it 's ridiculous . In addition , he gave my friend an F on the exam although he aced it . I tried contacting the school staff to report the issue . They believed my story and investigated the scene .	I climbed the steps into the bus . The driver gave me an index card to fill my information in . After filling it in , I decided to give it back . He ripped in in pieces and told me to get out . While I was confused , I decided to walk away .	The police officer was driving across the street . He noticed a man , with a dark skin tone , carrying an expensive watch . The officer immediately stopped and interrogated the man . Since the man did n't steal it , he was complaining . The officer ended up arresting him .	PERSON was looking for a place to eat . She walked across several tables . She eventually found one that contained several girls . All of the girls stood up and left when PERSON sat down . They looked at her with a mean grin .
new recipe	PERSON decided to try a new casserole recipe . The first time he made it , it came out terrible . He ask his friend who was a cook some advice . He then tried the modified recipe . PERSON 's new casserole came out great .	PERSON decided to try something different for Pasta . She wanted to make a new recipe . At first she was nervous . She did n't know if people would like it . Everyone ended up loving it .	PERSON wanted to learn a new recipe . He asked his grandmother what she recommended . She gave him her favorite recipe . It was for a chocolate cake . When he took it out of the oven , he dropped it .	PERSON had always loved her mother 's apple pie . She tried to make it one day and it was horrible . PERSON tried everything but could n't get the taste quite right . She eventually tried adding mayonnaise to the recipe . She had inadvertently created a new delicious recipe !	PERSON decided to try a new recipe . She had brown sugar and raisins to use as ingredients . PERSON found a recipe for oatmeal cookies . She measured the ingredients and mixed them carefully . PERSON was proud to serve her friends warm , fresh cookies .
the waterfall	The kayakers had been out all day . They approached a huge waterfall . They had n't realized it was on their path ! They paddled to shore as quickly as they could . They made it just in time !	PERSON had finally made it . It was a grueling hike all the way up . The waterfall was there right in front of him . PERSON stood their and took it all in . He was happy he made the hike .	The family enjoyed taking nature walks together . They decided to explore a new path one weekend . While on this new path they found a beautiful waterfall . They all took turns jumping down the falls . They decided new paths were worth the discovery .	One day the PERSON family went to the local waterfall . They had to walk a long path to reach it . They had a beautiful view once they got there . Then they got lunch at a Chinese restaurant . They had a fun day .	The couple loved watching beautiful scenery . They hiked to a waterfall to see that view . It was stunning ! They took pictures and splashed around . They were happy to have made the trek to the beautiful spot .
PERSON 's date	PERSON liked working on crossword puzzles at the diner . One day he noticed the hostess working on the same puzzle . He asked her for help with his puzzle . She smiled , and gave PERSON the right answer . He frequented the diner a lot before he finally asked her for a date .	PERSON was feeling very nervous . His mother had set him up on a blind date with a girl called PERSON . PERSON did n't know where to go , so he suggested the theater . PERSON arrived at the theater but PERSON did n't show up . He was very disappointed and went home without watching the movie .	PERSON invited PERSON to the park for a picnic . PERSON accepted the invitation . PERSON went to the store to buy cheese , crackers and fruit . She met PERSON at the park with a full picnic basket . PERSON and PERSON spent all day talking and sharing food .	PERSON invited PERSON enjoy a meal together . PERSON decided to cook his favorite dish . PERSON cooked a fresh salmon with cucumber sauce . The meal was perfect but PERSON secretly hates fish . PERSON never went on another date with PERSON .	PERSON is going on a date with PERSON . PERSON and PERSON decided to go to an Italian restaurant . PERSON and PERSON ordered pasta . They enjoyed their food very much . PERSON had a perfect date with PERSON .
taking out the trash	Nobody wanted to take out the trash . Everyone just piled it on higher . Eventually someone complained . But they did n't take it out either . The pile eventually fell over and was harder to clean .	PERSON 's chore is to take out the trash . He forgot to do it on Friday morning . Luckily his mom noticed that the trash was not out at the road . She put it out there for him . PERSON felt bad that he forgot to take the trash out .	PERSON was the only one that took the trash out . He often complained about it . Nobody else believed him . One week he stopped taking it out . It got so full it toppled over .	PERSON noticed a bad smell in his apartment . He tried to figure out what it was . Eventually he noticed it was the trash . He was tired but decided to take it out anyway . It got rid of the smell .	I noticed that my house was filling up with trash bags . I decided that I needed to take my trash out . I picked up one bag and brought it to the can outside . It took me twenty minutes before all the bags were gone . I looked at my house and it was much cleaner .
budgeting	PERSON wondered why she never had much money . She kept track of her expenses for a month to find out why . She was horrified by what she discovered . She had been spending a fortune on restaurants . She cut back to eating out once a week , and had more cash as a result .	I was planning on getting a new place . However , I was scared that I could n't afford it . I decided to make a detailed budget of my expenses . I listed everything from rent , to food . It turns out , I could easily afford the new place .	PERSON lost his job . He got a job that paid less than his first one . He needed to cut down on bills . PERSON decided to stop eating out . He saved money cooking his own meals at home .	PERSON insisted that she and her boyfriend make a budget . She downloaded an expensive budgeting software . She purchased binders and folders to sort receipts and records . She scolded her boyfriend for not budgeting sooner . Her budgeting purchases outweighed his expenses for the month .	PERSON sat down to make his annual budget . He had made a lot less money this year and he 'd have to cut expenses . He slashed many extra activities he was planning to do . And in the end , he had a budget he could stick to . The problem was that there was nothing fun to do all year .
trip to the beach	Every summer the Smiths take a trip up to the cape cod beaches . They rent a house and stay for the summer . This time they headed to the ocean the second they arrived . The simply loved the refreshing water and the view . They could n't wait to go back next year .	It was a Sunday morning and I wanted to visit the beach . I took the train to get to my destination . When I arrived I swam in the ocean . Afterwards I tanned in the sand . I finally went home when it started to get dark outside .	Today my friend and I went to the beach . It took us an hour to get there . On the way we stopped for coffee . When we got to the beach we put our feet in . The water was absolutely great .	We packed our beach bags and got in the car . We drove to the beach and parked the car . It was a long walk to get to the water . When we finally got there , we laid out our blanket . Then it started raining , so we went back home .	PERSON was excited to go to the beach with her family . Her family had not been to the beach in a very long time . When PERSON arrived at the beach , she was shocked at how nice it was . Immediately PERSON and her family ran into the water . The water felt amazing and PERSON knew she made the right choice .
golfing	PERSON grabbed his golf bag and shoes . He was going to spend the evening golfing . He pulled up to the course and saw tons of cars . There was a private event going on . PERSON could n't get a tee time !	I 've always hated the idea of golf . It seemed to me like a boring and long event . My friends took me mini-golfing last weekend . Even that took ages and was n't very fun . But I must admit that the time for conversation was actually nice .	I have starting to golf on the weekends . I am getting better and more confident . I decided to enter the local golf tournament . I was so nervous that I was not playing well . I decided not to enter any more tournaments .	I have wanted to try golfing for many years . My husband loves to golf and so I constantly ask him . He has told me many times that he knows I will hate golf . I persisted in asking until one day he said he would take me . He was right I was bad and it was the most boring sport I ever tried .	PERSON and PERSON went golfing . PERSON hit a ball into the water . He was all out of balls ! Luckily , PERSON had an extra ball . The two friends continued to finish their round .
smelly feet	PERSON 's feet smelled really bad . She thought that she should wash them . PERSON went into the bathroom . She ran water into the bath . PERSON washed her feet in the water .	PERSON got home from work . He kicked off his shoes and got on the couch . His wife immediately noticed the smell . She complained about it until PERSON did something about it . He took a shower .	PERSON relaxed a bit . He kicked off his shoes . Everyone in the room smelled something . They realized it was his feet . They told him to leave .	Christian took off his shoes . His feet were very stinky . He made everyone in the room uncomfortable . He shrugged and did n't mind the discomfort of others . He watched tv while everyone else left .	My sister always wears sandals . She was at my mom 's house one day . No one could figure out the awful odor . Then as we got closer to her , we noticed the stench . It was her smelly feet !
job hunting	PERSON was out looking for a new job . He went to many restaurants to fill out applications . The next day one restaurant called him back . They asked him to come in for an interview . He got the job the next day .	PERSON just graduated from college . PERSON now had to find a job in her career field . PERSON handed in her resume to several employers . After several weeks , PERSON received a phone call from a company . Many was excited that she finally landed a job interview .	PERSON needed a job badly . She got a call for an interview at Bath and Body Works . PERSON dressed very nicely . The manager was impressed when she knew what a demo was . PERSON got the $ 10 an hour job even without references .	Cole had been out of work for 6 months . He began job searching more seriously . Cole had an interview at a store . Cole was nervous but did his best . A week later he got a phone call that he was hired !	PERSON decided that he needed to find a new job . PERSON went on the internet to search for jobs . He finally found a job that seemed interesting . PERSON applied for the job online . Two weeks later , PERSON got an invitation to interview for the job .
english test	PERSON has an English test tomorrow . He has not studied at all . He decided to pull an allnighter . Since he stayed up , he could barely keep his eyes open . He fell asleep during his test and failed .	PERSON has an English test . He has been studying all week . On the day of the test , he became very nervous . PERSON forgot all he studied . He ended up making a terrible grade .	PERSON has a English test . She has been studying . She was not surprised when the teacher moved the test up . PERSON was ready and could not wait to take the test . She made a 100 and was happy she had been studying .	PERSON has an English test tomorrow . She has studied all week . She felt prepared . When she got to class , she started to feel anxious . PERSON took her test and did well .	PERSON has an English test . He has not studied . He decided to pull an allnighter . When he got to school he was tired and nervous . He fell asleep during the test and failed .
phone	The phone started ringing . I went to pick it up . It stopped before I got there . There was a message for me . I listened to the message .	PERSON is a very clumsy boy . He always dropped things . One day PERSON was getting out of his dad 's truck . He slid across the seat to get out . Forgetting his phone was in his lap , so it fell and broke .	Amber loved her cell phone . One day she accidentally dropped her cell phone . It fell on the sidewalk . PERSON was sad that she had broke her phone and had to tell her mother . Amber 's mom bought her a new phone , but told her to be more careful .	PERSON found a pink phone on a restaurant table . He pocketed the phone and walked away . He tried to pawn the phone , but was n't successful . PERSON then decided to give the phone to his little sister . He wrapped it up and gave it to her for her birthday .	PERSON was at a party . He accidentally dropped his phone . It smashed into pieces . PERSON was very upset . The next day , he bought a new one .
chicken soup	PERSON was trying to cook chicken soup . She boiled her chicken and added veggies . When the soup was done , she tasted it . It was delicious . PERSON decided she was a great cook !	PERSON wanted to make her mom 's famous chicken soup . But she was not as good a cook as her mom , and it came out wrong . PERSON gave it another try , but she changed a few things . She used chicken broth , pre made , and added store-bought noodles . This time , PERSON 's soup came out tasty and delicious !	My friend was sick . He had contracted the flu . I decided to make him feel better . So , I made him chicken soup . He was grateful for my generosity !	PERSON was eating a snickers bar . He got sick to his stomach . He realized he had been eating too many sweets . He went to lie down . His wife brought him some chicken soup .	This morning I was feeling lousy . I did n't even feel like eating . I forced myself to eat something though and ordered soup . When the chicken soup came to my door I was relieved . The soup was refreshing .
headphones	PERSON wanted to become fit . PERSON thought about running around his neighborhood . He did it but felt it was missing something . He decided he needed headphones for running . He bought running headphones and then enjoyed his run very much .	PERSON bought expensive new headphones . And he brought them to school to show off . But when he wore his headphones , no one paid much attention . PERSON felt that the headphones were a waste of money . And he rarely used them afterwards .	PERSON loved music . He was in the market for a new pair of headphones . He was debating between in ear and over the ear headphones . He sampled a pair of over the ear headphones . He loved how they sounded so he bought them .	PERSON bought new headphones . PERSON noticed that the headphones he bought were defective . PERSON returned his defective headphones . With the money he got , PERSON bought a better pair of headphones . PERSON enjoyed his new , functional headphones .	PERSON had too many headphones . They were all in a pile on his desk . He hated to untangle them . One day his mother bought him wireless headphones . He never had a problem untangling headphones again .
new house	PERSON and his wife want to buy a new house . They call and find a real estate agent to help them . They go and look at many different homes . They finally find the perfect home . They make an offer and it gets denied .	Sue wanted a new house . She had been renting for years . She finally decided to start house hunting . She found the perfect house . She put in an offer and it was accepted .	The Smiths loved their new house . Everything was nearly perfect . It was their neighbors they did n't care for . Unfortunately they could n't stand them . So they gave up their dream house and moved away .	PERSON dreamed of the day he would be a homeowner . Recently , PERSON was about to make this dream come true . PERSON purchased a lot near the beach in LOCATION to build his house . PERSON was told construction would begin during the winter season . PERSON was proud of that he finally would attain home ownership .	PERSON wanted to buy a new house . He hired a realtor to help him . The realtor showed him lots of different houses . PERSON narrowed his choices to two houses . He bought the single level house because he did n't like stairs .
dust	PERSON hated dust a lot . In fact , he cleaned his house every day . One day , he decided that he would invite some guests . Before that , he spotted dust on the ground ! PERSON cleaned the dust up very quickly .	PERSON lived in an old home . The home was very dusty . PERSON invited company over . Everyone who came over sneezed frequently . They never returned to his home because of the excess dust .	PERSON 's room was filled with dust . She had dust on her desk . And cobwebs in the the corners . But she was too lazy to clean it up . She became sick and decided to get a dust cleaner .	PERSON was cleaning her house . She was dusting everything . A piece of dust got in her eye . She ran to the bathroom . She washed it out but her eye remained red .	The woman found dust on the desk . She cleaned it off . The next day the dust was back . She bought an air filter . The next time the desk stayed clean for a week .
pretty	PERSON was late for school . But she could n't stop obsessing about her hair . She continued to comb it until it looked perfect . And she did n't mind arriving to school late in order to look pretty . But she ended up failing all of her classes .	I wanted the prettiest doll in the store . I pulled on my daddy 's hand . He laughed at my antics . I was so excited . I chose a brand new barbie .	PERSON never thought she was very attractive . Whenever she was out with friends she would dress down . While visiting a local mall with friends she was spotted by an agent . This agent turned out to be a recruiter for a modeling company . She is now working as a model for a major retail brand .	Everyone always said she was pretty . With age , she felt she was losing her looks . She was unhappy when she looked in the mirror . Her dark features were growing darker and more pronounced . She began to avoid mirrors at all times .	PERSON PERSON considered herself ugly . She was teased constantly and eventually left school . A few years passed and she returned to the school . She was now beautiful and got lots of attention . She won homecoming queen and was well liked by everyone .
PERSON plays basketball	PERSON was waiting nervously for his basketball game to start . Once the game started he was no longer nervous . PERSON scored twenty points in the first half and ten in the second . PERSON 's team won the game . PERSON was named MVP of the game .	PERSON was outside with some friends hanging out . It was so hot outside and they could n't think of anything to do . A friend said they should try basketball . PERSON had never played basketball with friends before . PERSON loved playing basketball with his friends .	PERSON got a new basketball . He drove to the park to shoot some hoops . He played a game of pickup basketball . PERSON scored 30 points that game . Afterwards , he went home to take a shower .	PERSON hurt her leg playing basketball . She went to the doctor and the doctor wrapped her leg . PERSON had to stay off of her leg for weeks . Her leg healed well . PERSON was able to start playing basketball again .	PERSON loved to play basketball . He practiced everyday . He loved to shoot 3 pointers . He impressed the coaches at his school in tryouts . PERSON made the basketball team for his high school team .
roommates	My roommate last year was horrible to live with . He was loud and inconsiderate . I eventually snapped at him and we got in an argument . The argument was resolved with a compromise . I 'm glad I expressed my feelings .	PERSON was excited to go to college in LOCATION . She was happy to have two really cool roommates . The three of them became very close friends . They would help each other study , eat together , and hang out too . PERSON missed them terribly on her first trip home for winter break .	PERSON and PERSON were roommates . They were also best friends . They started to argue over household chores . PERSON decided to move out . They were no longer friends .	PERSON gets kicked out of his house . So he moves in with his two female friends . But their landlord does n't want a guy living with two girls . So they tell him PERSON is gay . The landlord lets PERSON stay .	PERSON was roommates with PERSON . PERSON decided to move out . PERSON was sad to lose her roommate . She put an advertisement in the paper for a new roommate . Now PERSON lives with PERSON .
surgery	PERSON constantly worried that he had a disease . So he had various tests done on himself every week . One day , he tested positive for a certain disease . So he decided to have surgery . But because it was a false positive , PERSON 's health only became worse .	PERSON had heard nothing but bad things about plastic surgery . But all her life , she 'd hated her big , wide Jewish nose . So at age 22 , she finally decided to get it fixed . After she recovered , she was so pleased with her new reflection ! PERSON saw that for some people , plastic surgery was a Godsend !	PERSON was feeling terribly sick and was in a lot of pain . All day she kept throwing up and kept feeling stabbing pains . Finally she could n't stand it anymore and called 911 . The paramedics arrived soon and took her to the hospital . After a lot of tests and xrays she found out she had to have surgery .	PERSON started feeling sick . She told her parents that she was n't feeling well . PERSON 's parents brought her to the doctor . PERSON found out she had appendicitis . After surgery , PERSON felt much better .	When my son came early , I was in labor for 26 hours . I had a heart monitor over my stomach the entire time . I could hear his heart rate falling . It would sometimes stop and I would call a nurse . The nurse would accuse me of just moving around too much .
the class	John just signed up to be in my English class . I hope he likes it . The professor is a little boring . I like the subject a lot . It will be fun to have him in class with me .	A boy named PERSON had taken PERSON 's pencil . He ran from her when she tried to retrieve it . She ran to where he was and tried to take it back . But the boy had longer legs , and was faster than her . PERSON stumbled and skinned her knee when chasing the boy .	PERSON was extra early to her 5th period class . She wanted to see PERSON . She decided she would find out why he had n't called her . When PERSON entered , he was nice and acted as if nothing happened . PERSON was more confused than ever .	When I was in high school we had a substitute teacher . The guy was not used to dealing with kids . So , the kids walked all over him . I could tell the substitute was overwhelmed after a few days . So , I was not surprised when he quit .	PERSON was driving home from a party . She was drunk , and swerving around . A cop pulled her over . He arrested her for driving under the influence . She was required to complete a class on alcohol addiction .
toy	I went through the drive thru yesterday . I wanted a happy meal . I chose one for a boy just to give the toy to my son . They gave me a transformer french fry . I thought it was very cute .	The boy had a toy . He never played with it . His dad suggested he sell it . The boy tried to sell it to his dad . The dad bought it for one dollar .	PERSON needed to buy a new toy . He is looking to find something for his son . He went to a yard sale . He found something . His son loved it .	My sister in law is married to PERSON , a man 22 years older than she . Her three sisters and their kids were at a cookout one day . The kids were playing with an old toy on the lawn . PERSON yelled at the kids and took the toy away . The sisters were not amused .	PERSON was sobbing miserably . His toy dump truck had just broken ! But then his dad chuckled and told him to cheer up . His dad glued the truck back together easily . When the glue dried , it was as good as new !
home run	PERSON and PERSON were playing baseball in their backyard . PERSON aggressively hit the ball when it was thrown at him . The ball flew into the neighbor 's window . PERSON and PERSON tried to run away . However , they were caught when their neighbor came over .	PERSON was a professional baseball player . He hit a homerun out of the park . His ball hit a car out in the parking lot . The ball cracked the windshield . It turned out PERSON had broken his own car 's windshield !	PERSON was playing baseball at school . But he kept on missing . He decided to practice swinging everyday . And the next the next time he played baseball , he hit a homerun . PERSON was glad his practice paid off .	The batter stepped up to the plate . The pitcher got a signal from the catcher . He squared up ready to throw . He zipped a fastball towards the plate . The batter crushed it out of the park for a home run .	Ryder had been practicing baseball all summer . At Fall tryouts he did his best . The coach selected him for the team because of his great swing . The team won the first game because of Ryder 's home run . Ryder was so glad he practiced .
eyes	PERSON was born with one green eye and one blue eye . She was also very beautiful . She aspired to be a model and one day she got a modeling job . PERSON continued to get jobs based on the color of her eyes . PERSON was proud to be the way she was .	The woman woke up . She was in a hospital . Her eyes were swollen from the attack . She could barely see . She heard her mother crying .	PERSON 's vision was worse than his peers . He decided to do vision exercises . He did them regularly . He began to see his vision improve . His vision was soon equal to his peers .	The man closed his eyes . He tried to fall asleep . He had too many thoughts in his head . He opened his eyes . He tried to figure out how he could get some sleep .	PERSON wanted to be in a relationship . She liked men with blue eyes . She met a great guy . He had blue eyes . They entered a relationship together .
library	PERSON goes to the library to find a book . He finds where the book is and realizes it is checked out . He decides to leave but when is about to do so he sees the book . A girl was reading it on a table and as a result Jared talks to her . PERSON realizes they have a lot in common , and asks her out on a date .	PERSON took a trip to the library , she has never been there . She thought reading books was dumb and boring . She found a book on cooking , who knew they made these books ! Later , a woman came by and said she had to leave . The library was closing , PERSON was there for 4 hours !	PERSON 's family did not have internet service . To do his homework , he always had to go to the library . He made lots of friends at the library . His family eventually decided to pay for service . PERSON still asked to go to the library anyway to see his friends .	PERSON 's class is going on a field trip . They walk to a nearby library . The librarian reads the kids several books . The kids get a chance to pick out their own book . PERSON had so much fun on the field trip .	PERSON got a email from the library that he has books past due . So PERSON grabbed the books that were past due . He left his house with the books and walked to the library . He entered the library with the books in his hand . He gave the books to the librarian then walked back home .
late night	I started playing the game late one afternoon . After a few hours I knew I would n't be stopping for a very long time . I did n't stop when I got stuck for forty-five minutes fighting a boss . I did n't stop when I had to be at work in four hours . Finally when my alarm went off I fell asleep on the couch .	I love to stay up late and watch late night talk shows . I think the hosts are so funny . I also love to hear what all the celebrities have to say . Lately though I 've been real tired at work the next day . I 've switched to recording the shows and watching them during the day .	PERSON ran through the empty office to his cubicle . He forgot his briefcase at his desk . He knocked over a stack of papers and tripped to the ground . He lay there for a while and contemplated not getting up . PERSON got up and kicked the papers around even more .	PERSON stayed up until 5 AM . And he did not feel like going to sleep . But eventually , he went to bed . And he dreamed he was late for school . PERSON woke up at 3 PM and missed the whole school day .	PERSON had a lot of work to finish . He knew he would have pull an all-nighter . He decided to drink red bull . He then began to feel jittery . PERSON could n't focus anymore on his work due to the jitteriness .
the audition	PERSON wanted to go to college and study music . She worked hard to prepare an audition piece to sing . At her audition , she sang for the professors and took a music test . The professors were impressed by her audition . The offered her a music scholarship to the college .	PERSON wanted to play the role of PERSON in her school play . She went over the script for weeks in preparation . At the audition she was perfect . PERSON stood nervously with the others waiting to hear who made the cut . When her name was read as PERSON PERSON let out a shout of joy .	PERSON was scheduled to audition for Beauty and the Beast . She prepared for days leading up to the audition , even in the car ! As her name was called she became very nervous . Because of her preparation , her song audition was beautiful . Although she did n't get the part she was , she was honored to be cast .	PERSON auditioned for a role in a car commercial . She practiced her one line night and day . At the audition she wowed the director with her acting prowess . So wowed that he offered her a role in his next commercial too . She nailed the next commercial as well and now she is famous .	PERSON enjoyed playing the guitar . He saw an ad for band auditions . At the audition , the band 's leader asked him to play a song . The band leader liked PERSON 's performance . PERSON is now the band 's guitar player .
tears	PERSON went down to the station to identify the body . The coroner pulled back the plastic . PERSON recoiled in horror . It was his sister 's face . He nodded his head to confirm it was her as the tears fell down .	PERSON had been dating his girlfriend for 1 year . His girlfriend told him she got a new job . She told him the job was 1000 miles away . PERSON began crying . They ended the relationship when she moved .	PERSON threw her bag on the floor and burst into tears . She 'd had enough at her job . Unfortunately she did n't have the courage to quit . PERSON went back the next day . There were 20 more years of next days , as Marg lost her will to live .	He burst into tears . He cried on her shoulder . He told her he did n't want to leave her . He was afraid the booze would kill him . She held him and cried too .	PERSON was locked out of her dorm room by her dorm mate . PERSON was forced to sleep at a friends . PERSON called her mom in tears to tell her the horrible story . Her mother suggested she attempt to move to a new room . PERSON cried herself to sleep after hanging up .
PERSON 's ride	One day a car smashed into PERSON 's on the highway . He was uninjured , but his car was totaled and the other driver left . While he saved for a new car , he got rides to work from friends . He had planned to have a car quickly , but it took more than 2 months . No one had complained , but they were relieved when he got a new car .	PERSON had been saving for a car for two Year 's . Yesterday , on his birthday , his parents bought him a car . He was so excited he did n't know what to say ! He got tears in his eyes and kept thanking them over and over . Then he took his parents and little sisters for a ride around town .	PERSON when on a bike ride . While riding he saw something unusual on the street . It was a ten-dollar bill . PERSON put the ten-dollar bill into his pocket . PERSON used the money to buy a new tire for his bike .	PERSON was walking around the hills of her country . She noticed a horse grazing on grass . PERSON snuck up and jumped on its back . The horse reared up and started galloping . PERSON hung on for dear life , enjoying the ride .	PERSON 's mom left him in the car for a moment to go pay for gas . PERSON climbed into the front seat . He put the car into gear , and the car rolled away . The car rolled into traffic . The oncoming traffic swerved and a large accident resulted .
presentation	PERSON had to give a presentation at a conference on a fungus . He was very nervous and drank two glasses of wine before hand . He gave the presentation and thought he did alright . He did n't notice that his sweater was on backwards . He got good reviews on his talk anyway .	She had a limited time to learn to give a presentation . She received lessons on how to use powerpoint . After she had everything planned , she went to the meeting . She did a great job in the meeting . Her boss offered her a raised after it was over .	Everyone became seated when the presentation started . Several sea mammals were swimming around the water . A huge dolphin bounced high . It splashed into the water afterwards . Everyone , including myself , got soaked .	Isabel has a class presentation tomorrow . She tried to study hard and practice with friends . She could n't even sleep that night because of it . The next day comes and she gets picked to go first . She ended up doing very well .	Harry had a presentation assigned to him at work . He always liked to present . He spent the day making the presentation . He practiced it with his co-workers . They gave a great presentation .
loud	PERSON was at a movie theater . But there was a group of people in front of him who were too loud . PERSON decided to sit somewhere else . But he could still hear them . So he huffed out of the movie theater and watched something else .	I was standing behind a man at the store the other day . He was speaking loudly to everyone around him about his problems . When he 'd see a black man or a Muslim woman walk by he 'd comment . I found it all very rude but I did not say anything . I smiled , nodded , and thanked God when he finally left .	My oldest child is so loud . She is so loud that it is hard to sleep when she is awake . We put the youngest down for a nap earlier . Our oldest started yelling at the top of her lungs . She woke up the baby and got sent to timeout .	My dog laid down beside me in bed . I tried very hard to go back to sleep . She rolled over on me , making it hard to move . She started panting heavily . The loud panting made it impossible to sleep .	The keyboard was broken so I had to buy a new one . The new one I picked turned out to be very cheap . I typed on it but it drove me crazy . The keys were extremely loud . It was obnoxious to everyone .
success	The kids worked on a robot . They learned programming . They programmed the robot . The robot said a short phrase . People called it a success .	Kia had been on a half dozen blind dates . She was tiring of the whole process . Then her sister set her up with a nice guy . He was cute , funny , successful - everything Kia wanted ! She was happy to have finally found success in blind dating !	PERSON switched doctors to try and get pregnant . Her IVF procedures were not successful . She wanted a second opinion from another specialist . The new doctor told her that he thinks she has a good chance . They tried twice more and were finally successful !	PERSON dreamed of becoming a star . He would watch movies and imagine he was the leading man . He quit his job in insurance and moved to LOCATION . One day , whilst waiting tables , he served a well-known casting agent . The agent took a liking to PERSON and cast him in his next movie .	PERSON had a weight problem . PERSON went on a diet to lose weight . When , PERSON 's diet did n't work , he began to exercise . PERSON lost all the weight he wanted to lose . All of his friends are proud of PERSON .
language barrier	PERSON wants to learn a new language . He 's not sure which one yet . His friends suggests a few different languages but he does n't know . He meets a girl speaking french but he ca n't speak french . He learns how to speak french and the two fall in love .	PERSON was traveling overseas . He did n't know the local language that well . PERSON decided to download an interpreter app . It was still difficult to communicate . The app made it at least possible , though .	The official discussed the last question of the game . PERSON pressed the buzzer since he knew the answer . When he said the answer out loud , the official declared it wrong . Afterwards , the right answers was announced . PERSON argued that he said the same answer with a different accent .	My Korean friend took me to the Asian side of town . We came across a food truck . The cook tried to speak to me in a different language . I did n't understand however , my friend did . She ended up translating for me .	A woman decided to buy a television directly from LOCATION . She thought she would save money by cutting out the middleman . As it happens , she was completely right . The only problem is that the menus and remote were entirely in hanzi . She does n't get much use out of it .
nails	PERSON took great care of her appearance . She wanted to get her nails done . She visited a nail shop . They gave her a great manicure . PERSON was happy with her new nails .	PERSON PERSON was having a bad day . His shipment from the gravel factory had n't arrived . He called up the gravel supervisor and asked him where it was . The supervisor was evasive , and started yelling at PERSON . PERSON yelled back , and lost his job .	PERSON wanted to stop biting her nails . So she bought some acrylic nails . She put them on over her real nails and painted them . When she went to bite her nails absently , she encountered acrylic ! PERSON was finally able to stop absentmindedly biting her nails !	PERSON wanted to find a girlfriend . He asked his friend for some advice . His friend suggested he begin with his appearance . PERSON 's friend suggested he trim his fingernails . PERSON did that and began feeling more confident about his appearance .	PERSON decided to do her friends ' nails to make money for her prom dress . She advertised her services at school . Many girls lined up to have their nails done by her . Soon she had earned over a hundred dollars . PERSON bought a lovely prom dress , and her friends all had lovely nails !
PERSON gets drunk	PERSON is 21 . It 's his birthday . He goes out to drink . He has 10 beers . PERSON gets drunk for the first time ever .	PERSON was going through a bad divorce . He found himself at a local Bar . He swore he would stay sober no matter what . 30 minutes there his mood changes and has a drink . By the end of the night PERSON is so drunk he gets kicked out of the bar .	PERSON is at a party . It 's his first one . He was under age . He decided to get drunk with his friends . PERSON was in big trouble for drinking under age .	PERSON wants to have a good time . He buys some beers . He drinks them all . He becomes drunk . PERSON passes out from all the drinking .	PERSON is throwing a party . His friends are all having a blast . Michael begins to drink . He drinks until he ca n't stand no more . He eventually passes out from all the drinking .
thunder	PERSON was sleeping . But he woke up to the sound of thunder . He began to hear rain too . PERSON was upset that there was a storm . He did not want to drive in bad weather .	The family was at the park . A loud thunder clap rang out . The family watched the cloud roll in . A tremendous storm began . The family scrambled to shelter .	PERSON had a dog named PERSON . One night there was a lot of thunder . PERSON was scared and came into PERSON 's bedroom . PERSON let her into bed with him to sleep safely . PERSON felt better and was able to sleep soundly .	Thunder could be heard outside of PERSON 's house . PERSON could also hear his dog whimpering . PERSON grabbed his dog and took it to PERSON 's bed . PERSON cuddled with the dog to comfort it . The dog stopped whimpering .	At the campground on vacation there was an arcade . My sister and I were playing games there when the weather got bad . We heard a crack of thunder and realized we should go . So we started running back to the campsite . But it poured rain and we got so soaked .
marathon	PERSON always wanted to run a marathon . He found out that there was a marathon happening this summer . He decided to train all semester to compete in that marathon . On the day of the marathon , PERSON suddenly fell ill . He figured there was always next time .	PERSON decided he wanted to run a marathon . He looked online and found a training regimen . He trained for 8 months and felt confident about the race . Race day came and PERSON finished the race in under 4 hours . He celebrated his accomplishment with friends and family	PERSON wanted to be a runner . And her goal was to complete next month 's marathon . She trained very hard and ate well . But she did n't feel prepared for the marathon . So she decided to quit at the last second .	I decided to take up running in an effort to lose weight . Every morning , I ran 5 km along the road near my house . After a year , I managed to run 10 km three times a week . After another year , I took part in a marathon . I was overjoyed that I managed to finish the marathon .	PERSON wanted to run a marathon . She did n't train very hard . She entered the race anyway . She was n't able to finish . She decided that she would train harder next time .
mirror	PERSON was brushing her teeth when she saw a mosquito in the bathroom . She panicked and threw a brush at it . Unfortunately , the brush missed and shattered the mirror . Glass shards fell to the ground . PERSON grimaced , knowing that breaking a mirror was bad luck .	I accidentally broke a mirror this morning . I was moving it into another room . It slipped out of my hands . It shattered on the ground before I could catch it . Now I 'm afraid of having bad luck .	PERSON looked at the mirror . She saw it was cracked . She went to talk to her husband . His hand was bloody . She knew he could n't control his anger .	PERSON lived alone in an apartment . He noticed his mirror was dirty . He was too lazy to clean it . Eventually he became fed up with the sub-par apartment . He cleaned the entire apartment and became happy with his apartment .	PERSON had a very big mirror . In fact , it was taller than him . One morning , PERSON decided he was going to move the mirror . Then , he realized that he had forgotten the mirror in his car . Finally after getting the mirror , PERSON was able to put it away .
cards	Every year , PERSON vowed to send out Christmas cards . But she never had the time . Finally , when her twins turned nine , she got portraits taken . She had cards made up and mailed out . PERSON was proud of finally sending out Christmas cards !	PERSON brought his cards to a friends house . He wanted to play with him . The friend looked at it in disgust . The friend did not want to play . PERSON was upset .	PERSON wanted to give special holiday cards to her teammates . But there were nine girls and she could n't afford nine cards ! She resolved to make them herself by hand . She went to work with scissors , glitter , pens and glue . The girls were so happy with the sweet cards , they almost cried !	PERSON had a huge collection of baseball cards . He kept them in a brass lunchbox under his bed . But one day he spilled a gallon of water . He hurried to retrieve the box before the cards got damaged . Luckily , most of them were just fine !	Fred loves to play crazy eights . He tried to start a crazy 8s club in his school . Not many people knew of the game though . He was n't able to get enough signatures to start it . He gave up and could n't start the club .
PERSON 's new phone	PERSON has never owned a smartphone . She always felt that smartphones were not necessary . However , one day , PERSON became lost in a new city . She wished she had a smartphone with a map . PERSON decided it was time to buy a smartphone .	PERSON accidently dropped his phone and it broke . Luckily it was under warranty . He got his phone replaced for free . He was able to keep all his contacts . PERSON is very happy with his new phone .	PERSON has never had a smartphone before . She was confused by the interface . She brought the phone to her friend who knows a lot about smartphones . Her friend explained how to do basic things with the interface . Now PERSON is n't scared to use her phone anymore .	One day PERSON 's phone fell out of her purse and shattered . She was heartbroken . She got in her car and drove to the repair shop . They could not repair her phone . PERSON ended up getting a new phone .	PERSON had saved up for months for a new phone . He was so excited when he bought it he spent the day playing on it . He showed off his new phone to everyone he knew . When was showing his friend his phone he dropped it ! Thankfully the phone was n't ' damaged because it was in a case .
teeth	My friend PERSON is having four teeth pulled tomorrow . They are her last teeth . She was poor and could not afford dental care . She can now afford dentures . I think she will feel better when she gets her dentures .	Today PERSON learned how to brush her teeth by herself . She went in big circles all around . She was so excited . Her parents went out that night so she could try it on her own . She was glad she had the new found independence .	PERSON has a toothache . She does not have dental insurance . One day , she decided she needed to see a dentist . They gave her a root canal . Now PERSON has a lot of medical bills .	PERSON loved his teeth . He thought they were his best feature . He took really good care of them . One day , a softball hit him in the face and broke a tooth . PERSON was devastated !	PERSON wanted to express himself . He thought people with gold teeth looked the best . He decided to get a gold tooth . He went to the dentist and paid for the procedure . PERSON got his gold tooth and was very happy about it .
trick or treating	PERSON went trick or treating for Halloween . He brought his pumpkin bag to get candy and walked around . PERSON went to several houses and got tons of candy . After an hour , PERSON headed home . He poured out a ton of candy and was very happy .	PERSON and his friends were excited . Tonight was Halloween and they were going trick or treating . PERSON put on his ghost costume and got ready . PERSON and his friends went around the neighborhood collecting candy . He had such a blast that Halloween night .	When I was a kid , I went trick or treating . My friends and I dressed up and walked around . We went to houses and asked for candy . When we were done , we went back to my house . We ate pizza and candy and watched horror movies .	Tim loved Halloween . He moved into a nice neighborhood . He had never gone trick or treating before . PERSON decided to try it out . He had great fun and got lots of candy .	PERSON was excited to go trick or treating ! She spent an hour making sure her costume was perfect . She wandered door to door , asking for candy . After a while , her feet got tired so she headed home . She sat on the couch and happily ate her candy .
washing dishes	PERSON was washing dishes . He did them all and let them dry . His roommate went to use one . It was still dirty . PERSON was n't allowed to wash dishes after that .	PERSON was in charge of washing dishes today . She soaked them all first . When she went to rinse a plate , she dropped it into the sink . Thankfully , it did n't break . She finished washing the dishes .	PERSON loaded the dishwasher after dinner . She was unable to close the dishwasher door . She looked inside and found a coffee cup that was blocking the door . She removed the cup from the dishwasher . She was then able to close the door easily .	PERSON was washing the dishes . One of the dishes broke in the sink . PERSON cut her hand . PERSON 's husband helped her dress her wound . PERSON 's husband offered to help her finish washing dishes .	PERSON exclaimed that life was meaningless . His wife looked at him suspiciously . She asked what this had to do with washing the dishes . PERSON said that if life was meaningless why bother . His wife did n't buy it though , and put the scrub brush in his hands .
trick or treat	The kids got on their costumes . They went outside to trick or treat . They knew exactly where to get the best candy . The kids went to knock the door . However , the door did n't open .	PERSON put on his halloween costume . He was so excited to be Spiderman . He was anxious to go door to door and get candy . Halloween was his favorite holiday . His favorite because when the night is done he has tons of candy !	The kids were violently knocking on a door . The door opened however , no one was inside . The kids were hesitant to walk inside , but they tip-toed in . The door immediately closed when they were inside . A man in a ghost costume scared them .	PERSON 's favorite holiday was Halloween . He planned his costume weeks in advance . He met his best friend PERSON at 6:00 sharp on Halloween . They spent three hours Trick or Treating . It would take them months to eat all of the candy they collected .	One halloween the streets were packed with children in costumes . The porch lights were on waiting on the trick or treaters . The children arrived at our house and candies were handed out . The children 's bags were full . The children left running for the next house to trick or treat .
stood up	PERSON had been set up on a blind date by her friends . She went to the bar at the appointed hour . But after twenty minutes , her date still had not arrived . Soon PERSON was forced to confront the truth . Her blind date had stood her up !	PERSON was going to help her cousin at his small business . He needed her to sew some things for a project . But he never arrived to pick her up . PERSON was upset to be stood up . But at least she did n't have to spend her day sewing .	PERSON was supposed to go on a date with PERSON . He looked at his watch . She was an hour late . He figured she would never come . He ended up being right and he never saw her again .	PERSON asked his crush on a date . She reluctantly agreed . PERSON set up what he thought was a perfect date . She never showed up for it . PERSON stopped talking to her after .	PERSON stood outside a restaurant . He was waiting for a friend who was supposed to meet him for lunch . PERSON 's friend was more than fifteen minutes late . PERSON was hungry and tired of waiting . PERSON went inside the restaurant to order lunch alone .
PERSON goes on a date	PERSON really liked PERSON , so one day he asked her out . PERSON agreed to go out with PERSON , so they went on a date . For their first date , PERSON and PERSON went to a movie theater . PERSON and PERSON both hated the movie , though . PERSON and PERSON laughed and agreed to go on another date later .	PERSON had n't experienced any romance since his wife had passed . Finally he decided to sign up for an online dating service . He met a nice woman and they went out for coffee . However , PERSON did not feel a strong connection with her . Still he was happy he had given love another chance .	PERSON is in love with her coworker PERSON . She knows romantic relationships are not allowed at the company . She decides to quit her job in order to date PERSON . The next she asks PERSON to go have dinner with her . Their first date goes great .	PERSON was nervous for tonight . He had a big date planned . He arrived to the restaurant with a bouquet of flowers . He opened up to his date as the night progressed . After dinner , PERSON got a kiss from his date .	PERSON has been lonely for many Year 's . Finally his friends encourage him to try to meet a girlfriend . PERSON asks PERSON out on a date . She says yes . PERSON is happy to be out on a date with someone .
first concert	I took my sons to their first concert . We had great seats down front in the second row The guitar tech came out to do a sound check . He played a chord and it blasted out of the speakers in front of us . My sons decided they would rather go out and sit on the lawn .	PERSON had her first clarinet concert tonight . She was nervous and worried about how she would sound . When she walked up on stage , she got to her seat . The concert started . As she started to play she sounded great .	PERSON decided she wanted to go to a concert . PERSON was performing in her city . Lisa could n't wait to see her . She immediately drove an hour to see her . PERSON loved it .	PERSON is a big fan of a pop artist . She bought a pair of VIP tickets to her favorite pop artist 's concert . PERSON brought her friend , PERSON . They had a great time being at the front of the crowded concert . After the concert , PERSON and PERSON were able to meet the artist .	Some parents wanted to go to a concert . The babysitter bailed on them . They decided to bring their children . They put headphones on them . They loved the concert !
tadpoles	PERSON saw tadpoles in the pond by his house . He thought they were adorable ! He went every day to see them swim and grow bigger . Soon the tadpoles lost their tails and grew bigger . Before long , PERSON 's tadpoles all morphed into frogs !	PERSON found an old boat with water pooled in the bottom . He saw tadpoles swimming in the boat . PERSON told his pals about his find . When they went to see the boat , the tadpoles were gone . Then , they noticed tiny frogs hopping in the grass by the boat .	I was walking in a field one day . I walk there pretty often . But this time I noticed a puddle . In it were a couple dozen tadpoles . They were swimming around in circles .	The PERSON 's fountain was filled with stagnant water . PERSON went to clean it out but he saw tiny tadpoles it in . For the next couple of weeks he fed them fish food . He watched as they grew up and lost their tales . Before long they had all hopped away .	PERSON and his friends caught tadpoles from the pond . They carried the tadpoles home in a bucket of water . Over next few days they fed the tadpoles insects . One day they noticed the tadpoles had grown legs and arms . They had turned into frogs .
PERSON retires	PERSON was a secretary for 30 years . She just retired this past month . PERSON decided to sell her house . She moved to LOCATION to retire in a house by the beach . PERSON enjoyed her retirement by reading books .	PERSON became a police officer . PERSON likes to help people . PERSON stopped a robbery but a person was hurt in the process . The media blamed PERSON and called him all sorts of bad things . PERSON retired from the police force because people did not like him .	PERSON has worked as a nurse her whole life . She knows that she should work a few more Year 's to retire comfortably . However , she is so tired of her hard work , she retires early . PERSON spends her money very carefully during retirement . She is glad she took an early retirement .	PERSON had worked at the same senior village for over 40 years . PERSON decided it was finally time to retire and relax . PERSON notified his boss by giving him his two weeks notice . After the two weeks had passed PERSON left work for the last time . PERSON enjoyed his retirement and had a good life .	PERSON has been working all his life . PERSON is tired of work . One evening while working . He tells everyone is he retiring . He spends his final days at work before retiring .
garlic	I did n't know that dogs could n't eat large amounts of garlic . I had made some garlic chicken for my dog . Alas , he fell sick ! I took him to the hospital . Alas , he died because of my ignorance .	PERSON was making pasta for his family . He did his best . But he saw that they were all making ugly faces ! He asked what he had done wrong . They said he had added way too much garlic !	PERSON wanted to improve his health . He visited a holistic doctor . The holistic doctor recommend eating raw garlic daily . PERSON ate raw garlic daily . PERSON felt his health improve .	I made mashed potatoes . But , I wanted to improve the flavor . So I decided to mash roasted garlic into the potatoes . I used my hands to mash the garlic . My hands smelled for hours so I learned to use a tool next time .	PERSON decided to make pasta for dinner . He tasted the sauce . It was missing something . He decided to add garlic . Now , the sauce was perfect .
the package	PERSON was going to the post office . She decided to walk there . PERSON checked with the clerk for her mail . She had a huge package waiting for her . PERSON left and returned in her car for the package .	PERSON excitedly ran out to the mailbox . He was waiting for an acceptance letter from his favorite college . He slowly opened the mailbox and peeked inside . The mailbox was completely empty ! PERSON smiled as he remembered it was Sunday .	PERSON was so excited because today was the day the package would come . She had ordered a gift for her mother online . The mailman came to the door and dropped off the package . PERSON opened the package up and gave it to her mother . Her mother loved the gift and thanked PERSON .	Their owner brought a box into the house . All the cats crowded around because it smelled like cat nip . The box turned out to be filled with cat toys . The cats had a great time playing with their new toys . Now the box is on the floor and the cats take turns sleeping in it .	I got a surprise package the other day . I had not ordered anything . I had no idea what it could be . I opened the box eagerly . It was just a promotion box with small samples .
PERSON loses a tooth	PERSON is outside playing . She trips and falls down . She notices something is missing . Her tooth had fallen out . She runs and puts it under her pillow for the tooth fairy .	PERSON is eating his favorite candy . While eating he notices his mouth bleed . He looks into the mirror . He sees that his tooth has come out . He rushes to clean his mouth and stop the bleeding .	PERSON is a 6 year old boy . He was playing baseball in the yard with his brother . His brother threw the ball too hard and it hit PERSON in the mouth . PERSON cried a little bit and was bleeding . His tooth had popped out of his mouth !	PERSON is working one day on his car . While working his hands get oily . The oil from his hands causes him to slip and fall . He hits his tooth on the front of the car . PERSON loses the tooth and visits a dentist to get it replaced .	PERSON is playing ball . He is playing hard . His team is losing by one basket . He attempts to make the shot and is pushed down . PERSON falls to the ground missing the shot and his loses a tooth .
road rage	I was sitting behind a red light minding my own business . The light finally turned green . I was about to take off . The car behind me honked . I decided not to go until the last minute as my revenge .	PERSON was driving home from work when she started to get angry . Every car in her lane was going at a snail 's pace . She had to get home to pack and get to the airport . She finally started speeding up and passing people . Her road rage had set in .	There 's a lot of road work going on here . Thus , we have to reduce our speed . One gentleman did n't get the memo . He flew by me at a dangerous pace . I hope he made it home safe .	PERSON was driving to the grocery store . All of the sudden someone cut her off . PERSON was furious . She started raging . Then she realized it was not worth it .	PERSON went for a drive in the country with her children . She was driving slow and taking in the scenery . When a squirrel ran out into the road , she swerved to miss it . In doing so , she accidentally cut off someone trying to pass her . While blowing their horn , the driver followed her closely for 5 miles .
melted ice cream	PERSON was sitting down in the park . Her friend asked if she wanted some ice cream . PERSON said okay . But by the time her friend came back it was melted . So PERSON has to drink it .	It was a hot and sunny day out . PERSON was playing basketball outside . He heard the ice cream truck stop nearby . He bought 2 ice cream cones . Unfortunately one of them melted on his way home .	It was a really hot day outside . PERSON decided to cool off by getting some ice cream . PERSON drove to her nearest Baskin-Robbins . She ordered a giant sundae for herself . Unfortunately , the ice cream melted in her car on the ride home .	PERSON bought ice cream for him and his friend.s . It was a really hot day out . A lot of the ice cream melted . PERSON ate what he was able to . His friends appreciated the gesture .	PERSON bought ice cream at the store . He was stuck in traffic on the way home . It was a particularly hot day . By the time PERSON got home the ice cream melted . He had to refreeze it to eat it .
robbed	I walked from my job to my house . A group of people started to run after me . Eventually one of the people in the group came close and punched me . I was knocked unconscious . I woke up several hours later and my wallet was missing .	PERSON was out to dinner with her friends . All her friends ended up leaving early and PERSON had to walk home . She had to walk through a bad part of town . She was robbed at gunpoint . PERSON had emotional problems and depression after the attack .	A bank was just about to close . The doors were about to close . Some people in hoods came in . They demanded money . The teller gave it to them .	PERSON robbed a bank . He ran away with the cash . But his face was caught on camera . They showed his picture on the news . Soon PERSON got caught .	I was standing at the street corner when someone ran past me . He grabbed my purse and ran away with it . Anxiously , I called for help . Since nobody was around to help me , I ran after him . I was too out of shape to catch him .
dirty dishes	PERSON had many dishes to clean . But she was not in the mood for work . After dinner time , her sink was full of dishes . But after an hour of cleaning them , there were still dishes to wash . From then on , PERSON never let dirty dishes pile up .	PERSON shared an apartment with two roommates . Continually , PERSON would walk into the kitchen and find dirty dishes Her roommates would go to bed without cleaning up after themselves PERSON was so frustrated one day that she threw all the dishes away . Her roommates got the message and began to wash dishes every day .	PERSON had three roommates . None of them cleaned as much as PERSON . There was a pile of dishes in the sink . PERSON begrudgingly washed them . He confronted everyone else about the problem after .	PERSON hated to wash dishes . His girlfriend usually washed them , but she wanted him to start . She complained that he did n't help around the house enough . But then he realized that he could put them all away dirty on purpose . Therefore , his girlfriend never asked him to wash dishes again .	The kitchen sink was full of dirty dishes . PERSON noticed this and spent the next 30 minutes washing them all . Most of the dishes were not even hers . Her brother walked in the room and left a dirty plate on the table . PERSON was fuming .
nostalgia	PERSON put on some old music he listened to as a teenager . As each song came on , he was taken aback by nostalgia . He would give anything to go back to that time . He just sat and smiled . He was happy that the songs could make him remember the good times .	PERSON passed a small park-like zoo she remembered visiting as a child . She turned her car into the park , feeling nostalgic . PERSON went to see the deer , like the ones she once fed by hand . She saw these deer were scrawny , mangy and had terrified eyes . PERSON wished she had never stopped the car .	PERSON was bringing old boxes upstairs from her basement . She wants to de-clutter by having a garage sale . She began separating items to keep and sell . When grabbed the last box , she found her childhood blanket . She smiled as she hugged it closely .	PERSON was moving away for college . Much of the day was spent packing old belongings and mementos . It was a day of a lot of reflection and introspection . PERSON was going to miss his old neighborhood and friends . It was time to start early adulthood .	PERSON was at a grocery store . And he saw a certain brand of bread that he ate as a child . After thinking for awhile , he decided to buy it . And it brought back good memories . PERSON bought the same cereal for the rest of his life .
the farmer	PERSON bought a farm . He did n't know what he was doing but he was eager to learn . He read a lot and talked to a lot of farmers . He soon picked up the skills he needed . He had a successful first growing season .	PERSON 's farm was just on the brink of being successful . One night , it started to rainy . It rained for two weeks straight . PERSON 's crops had been washed away and destroyed . PERSON put his hat in his hands and cried .	The farmer woke up early everyday . He had a lot of tasks to do . He walked into the barn to pick the eggs . The next thing he did was milk the cows . The farmer took a break as the sun came up .	PERSON was a busy farmer . He fed the animals . He weeded the garden . He fixed the fencing . He was happy with the work he did .	PERSON took up farming . Everything was going well . He was confident pests would not attack his plants . So he did nothing to protect them . He ended up losing that month 's harvest to insect .
facebook	PERSON was on facebook . He suddenly found a beautiful girl . He added her on facebook . She rejected his friend request . he was unhappy .	PERSON had been offline for months . She was finally at the library on a computer . She checked her Facebook right away . Her friends had been posting photos of all their fun events . PERSON was upset they seemed not to miss her at all .	Two years ago , i met this guy on facebook . He send me message first and he wants to get my mobile number . Since i was bored that time , i gave him my number . We started texting and we decided to meet each other . When i first met him he was so sweet and gentleman .	PERSON has a lot of facebook friends . One time , he posts a status insulting his friend . This causes a big scene . Everyone jumped in and defended the friend . He lost some friends from that status .	PERSON 's parents got him a new computer for his Birthday . He was very happy with his new computer . PERSON decided to make a Facebook page , but did n't know how . His friend helped him to make a Facebook page . PERSON was pleased with the help his friend gave him .
new baby	PERSON was pregnant with her first baby . She was so excited to become a mommy . Her blood pressure was too high . Her baby needed to be born early . Though tiny , her baby was born healthy !	My husband and I wanted to have a baby . We spent a few months trying , then got pregnant . Pregnancy was rough , as I was very sick . Then after 9 months , I knew labor was starting . After 10 hours at the hospital , we had our new baby !	Laurel is pregnant . She is very nervous to find out the sex of the baby . Her and her husband already have 3 boys . Laurel plans an ultrasound to find out the baby 's sex . She finds out she is having a girl and is very excited and relieved .	PERSON had a beautiful new baby . She and her husband had been trying to have a baby for years . The day the baby was born there was a big celebration . Everyone brought presents to the hospital . PERSON was so excited that she started crying .	PERSON was feeling rather queasy . She took a pregnancy test consequently and found out she was expecting . PERSON cried tears of joy and immediately called her parents . Her parents were thrilled for her . She then called her boyfriend to tell him the news .
thunderstorm	Sue went for a run . She did not think to check the weather before she left . As she hit the two mile mark , she heard thunder . She started to hurry , but it started to pour . Sue was soaked by the time she made it home .	PERSON is afraid of thunder . For the next two weeks it is supposed to rain heavily . During the first week , the rain flooded the basement . The following week the thunder shook the house . PERSON decided to stay in a bomb shelter until the storm passed .	PERSON took a cooler of food and drinks to the park . A few friends visited and they had a volleyball match . When a thunderstorm occurred , they decided to stay in a pavilion . The weather cleared up and they left the park . The thunderstorm occurred again on the ride home .	PERSON was woken up by the thunder during the storm . The loud boom really scared him . He went and climbed into bed with his parents . His parents let him do this because the storm was really loud . PERSON fell back to sleep very quickly .	PERSON was woken up from sleep late one night . There was a booming thunderstorm going on ! PERSON was afraid and crept to his parents ' room . They let PERSON come into bed with them . PERSON slept soundly the rest of the night .
the soccer game	A man was watching a soccer match on television . He was focused intently on the game . He did n't see the door behind him open because of it . Another man came through the door . This man was the goalie of his favorite team and they had a drink .	The day of the big game had arrived . PERSON was ready for it . He ran out onto the field ready to play . The whistle blew and he was off . PERSON scored 2 goals that day and got his team the victory .	PERSON hated every second of playing soccer . He only joined to make his dad happy . It was ironic that he turned out to be so good . He 's at the championship with high expectations . Nobody knows he 's about to throw the game .	PERSON was so excited about his soccer game tomorrow . He had practiced so hard so his team could win . The next day his dad took him to the soccer field to play his game . His team ended up winning by one point . PERSON 's dad took the whole team out for ice cream to celebrate .	PERSON was running down the pitch . PERSON was yelling for the ball . PERSON was trying to dribble the ball to goal . Unfortunately , PERSON lost the ball at the last minute . Their team lost the game and was sad .
church	The church was in the woods . They took a bus to get there . It was very beautiful . She walked up to the tall glass doors . The walls were entirely made of glass .	The man started a church . He had a hard time getting members . He went door to door in the community . He seemed like a good man to the people . The church became popular .	Em loved to go to church every Sunday , but then she had a conflict . Her friend told her there was a great club that met on Sunday morning . Em was torn : it sounded fun , but should she miss church ? Then her friend told her something else that solved her problem . The club was a youth group that met right after Sunday church service !	When I was younger I volunteered as an altar boy . I had a usual position that I always filled . One day I had to do a different position and was very nervous . The priest told me I 'd do fine so I tried my best . I ended up being fine and doing well at the new position !	PERSON went to church yesterday . While inside the church she noticed a lady not paying attention . The lady was using her phone and texting . Because edna is irritated with the lady she confronted her . PERSON told the lady to turn off her phone or leave the church .
making the team	Today was the day of football tryouts . PERSON was hoping to make the team . He play his heart out on all the drills . The moment came when names were being called . PERSON heard his name and was over the moon .	PERSON loved playing baseball . He worked hard on his hitting abilities . PERSON wondered if he was good enough to make the highschool team . He attended tryouts . PERSON was the most excited boy in school when he made the team !	PERSON wanted to try out for lacrosse . She was rather nervous about it however . She did not know if she would make it . But to her delight she ended up making it . PERSON jumped up and down with joy .	PERSON wanted to make the football team . He practiced every day . He ran as fast as he could . He could catch well . He made the team and was happy !	PERSON was waiting for the results of volleyball tryouts . She and 10 other 8th graders hoped to play for their high school . She called the coach to find out if she made it . She sat with her fingers crossed as the phone rang , and rang . She hung up when the voicemail picked up .
uncle PERSON	PERSON never married or had kids . He was very fond of his sister 's son , PERSON . He took him to the movies and taught him how to fish . Eventually , his sister said PERSON 's father did n't like it . PERSON would still visit , but things were n't the same .	PERSON flew to LOCATION to spend time with his sister and niece . He had only seen his niece once , and did n't feel attached to her . During the week , he and the toddler laughed and played . His niece giggled whenever she saw him . PERSON left LOCATION feeling closer to his sister and niece .	My uncle PERSON is a pizza delivery man . He drove the delivery car all across town yesterday . He delivered pizza to a family who tipped him generously . Their next door neighbors did not tip him at all . PERSON decided that everyone should tip pizza delivery people .	My Uncle PERSON owns a drugstore . Yesterday , PERSON decided to retire . He had a big sale at his store . Hundreds of people showed up for his last sale . The people were happy about the sale , but sad about his retirement .	Uncle PERSON could n't believe he was rich . He 'd just won the lottery , and after taxes , was totally loaded . PERSON went down to the Apple store and bought a new laptop . He also bought an expensive car , and a slushy at 7-11 . PERSON lived the good life for a whole year , until he was poor again .
registering to vote	PERSON just turned 18 . She wanted to register to vote . Her dad took her to the Dmv . She marked off the democratic circle . She was now a democrat .	PERSON had just turned 18 . She decided she was going to register to vote . She was very excited . She went down to the station . She became a registered democrat .	I had finally made it to 18 and would need to register to vote . I went to the post office to ask the teller for information . She directed me to the court house . After arriving at the courthouse I approached the county clerk . It was n't long before i was registered !	PERSON just turned 18 . As a result of she wanted to register to vote . She could n't wait . As she walked into the office , she registered as a republican . PERSON was very happy .	PERSON turned eighteen . Because of this she wanted to vote . But she had to register first . So she did . She was now a democrat .
new watch	PERSON had just bought a new watch . He saved up a long time for it . He was wearing it on the Subway one day . A stranger ran up and snatched it away . He was crushed by the loss .	PERSON got a new watch for her birthday . But she did not like it . She thought it was ugly . Unlucky for her she could n't return it . So she had to stash it in her closet .	My watch broke when I fell . I was very upset about it . My mom came home from work . She surprised me with a new watch . I put it on my wrist .	PERSON wanted to buy something for her hubby . She went to the department store . She looked around all over for something . She saw a really cool watch ! PERSON bought him the new watch !	I got a new watch for my birthday . I wore it everyday . One day it rained all over the watch . I was so sad because it stopped working . Fortunately , I got another watch for Christmas .
heat wave	It was a hot summer day . Record-breaking temperatures were forecasted . I sweated in my t-shirt and shorts . Finally , someone turned on the air conditioning . The blast of the cool air was absolutely heavenly .	PERSON moved to a new city . It was much hotter than where he lived . The city was going through a heat wave . PERSON could barely handle it . He did n't go outside for days .	During January , the temperature rose to 70 degrees . Flowers started blooming again . The air had to be turned on . Residents wondered what was going on . Spring was coming early .	We moved to the mountains to get away from the heat . Our first year here , last year , it barely got above 80 degrees . Our first winter here was very mild . The spring started out slowly . But this summer it is above 80 nearly every day !	PERSON was used to the heat . It was always very hot in her area . Yet unfortunately today was an exception . It was so hot she could barely stand it . She ended up having to go to the doctor .
spring break	PERSON is excited for his trip to the beach to go surfing . PERSON carefully spends the day learning how to surf . Suddenly he sees a shark swimming toward the beach . The shark attacks a little girl nearby . PERSON saves the little girl from the shark !	PERSON was excited about her spring break . She was going to a Mexican beach . She had saved for a while . When the time came she got really sick . She had to cancel her plans .	PERSON wanted to take her children to the Aquarium during spring break . When they got there the line to get in was very long . PERSON did n't want to wait and hour or more . She took her kids and walked over to the nearly empty Field Museum . They spent a fun afternoon looking at dinosaurs fossils .	PERSON was wondering where to go on spring break . She could n't decide in time . All her friends went to LOCATION . Zoey stayed at home and played Call of Duty instead . She made friends online , and did n't regret not going .	I was so excited that it was time for Spring Break . This year we went to the History Museum in LOCATION . While at the museum my brother swallowed a large bug . He felt very sick after eating the bug . We decided that we will not go to the History Museum next year .
dirty car	PERSON waxed her car . She parked the car in the garage . The cat sat on the car . PERSON could see paw prints on her car . She yelled at the cat for making her car dirty .	PERSON 's car was covered in dirt . She waited until evening . Then she took out a bucket and soap . She cleaned the car from top to bottom . PERSON 's car looks brand new .	PERSON noticed that his windshield was covered with bird poop . He parked his car under a tree filled with birds . He took his car to the car wash to get it washed . He also waxed his car for added protection . His car was sparkly clean and shiny afterwards .	PERSON asked her son to wash her car . Her sun took the car for the day . He went to the car wash . He had forgot his money . When PERSON returned the car was still dirty .	PERSON let his friend borrow his car . The friend claimed to be responsible . PERSON got the car back late . The inside was really messy . PERSON never let him borrow his car again .
run	We had a physical fitness test where we had to run 5 km . I felt exhausted after I was only half done . My friend , who was a good runner , had already finished her run . She ran back to me to encourage me . With her encouragement , I finally finished my run .	The miles slowly went past as I ran around the track . My belly fat jiggled with each step . I looked down at my shoes shuffling along . I was sweating and felt terrible . I should n't eat so many donuts .	PERSON wanted to get in shape , so she joined her school 's track team . But she could n't keep up with the other runners ! Then her next door neighbor PERSON offered to help her train . They began to run together in the morning before school . PERSON got in shape , and she got a great boyfriend : PERSON !	PERSON was excited for the 5K run on Sunday . In the morning she ran before work . At night she ran with her dog . The day of the race was cool and sunny , perfect for running . PERSON ran her best time in the race and ca n't wait for the next one !	PERSON was walking down the street at night . She went to cross the street . The car turned . PERSON ran to avoid the car . She thankfully came away unscathed .
mexican food	I was trying to watch my diet . But my family brought home lots of Mexican food . I could n't resist and dug right in . I ate tons of steak and rice . But I was glad that I did n't feel bad afterwards .	PERSON had never tried Mexican food . One day his friends took him to an authentic Mexican restaurant . PERSON decided to try the cheese enchiladas with rice and beans . He thought his meal was delicious . PERSON went back several times afterward to try other entrees .	PERSON likes Mexican food . Yesterday she decided to try to make some at home . She prepared tacos . They did n't turn out very well . Today she is going to get tacos at a Mexican restaurant .	PERSON did n't like to try new foods . Her brother really wanted to go to a Mexican restaurant . Her family went but she was not happy . She finally decided to order a beef and cheese taco . It was delicious so she could n't wait to go back again sometime .	PERSON wants to learn to cook Mexican food . PERSON thinks he can do this in LOCATION . PERSON flies to LOCATION . PERSON takes a class at a cooking school . PERSON become a good cook of Mexican food .
lost kitten	I got a new kitten yesterday . She was the cutest thing . I played with her all day . I ended up losing her this morning though . But then I found her in my yard .	PERSON 's kitten got lost when her brother left the door open . PERSON put up fliers all around the neighborhood . She spoke to everyone she saw to ask them about her kitten . Finally a neighbor down the street called PERSON 's number to say he had PERSON was ecstatic to see her kitten again .	PERSON got a new kitten yesterday . Unfortunately for her she lost it today . She got in the car and drove everywhere to find it . Finally her neighbor found her . PERSON was relieved .	PERSON was playing basketball outside . All of a sudden , he heard a meowing sound coming from the trash . PERSON found a tiny kitten in the trash . PERSON took the kitten home . The next day he took it to a vet to get the kitten examined .	PERSON lost her brand new kitten . She searched for it in the house . She searched for it outside . She put up Lost Kitten posters . Somebody saw the posters and returned her kitten to her .
new game	A boy received a new game from his parents . He sat down to play it immediately . It was totally immersive and he spent many hours on it . In fact , he missed some work shifts because of it and was fired . The boy stopped playing games entirely after that incident .	PERSON invited his friends over to play a new board game . Nobody had played this game before except PERSON . PERSON won all night . His friends were upset so they went home . PERSON realized he should have chosen a game that was fun for everyone .	PERSON was excited for a new game coming out . He made sure to pre-order it . The game was terrible . PERSON was severely disappointed . He never pre ordered another game again .	PERSON wanted to buy a brand new video game . He did n't have enough money to buy it , though . He spent the next month collecting cans . He turned the cans in for cash . He went out and bought the game .	PERSON wanted to create a video game . He took a course to learn computer languages and coding . He used his knowledge to write a video game app . He sold the app . He made lots of money and was happy .
scratch	Brad dried off his washed car . He noticed a spot he had missed . He tried scrubbing it off . He found out that it was a scratch . He took his car to have the scratch painted .	PERSON and her friend had dinner at a seafood place . They ate and enjoyed crab legs . PERSON noticed her friend kept scratching . Ten minutes later she realized she was still scratching . PERSON was starting to get scared .	The dog scratched his ear all the time . It 's owner checked the dog 's ear . The dog had fleas . The owner gave the dog medicine . The dog got rid of the fleas .	PERSON borrowed her little sister her favorite CD . When her sister returned it , PERSON was angry . The CD was covered in scratches ! She put the CD into her CD player . Luckily , it still played despite the scratches .	The man had an itch . He scratched it . His skin became raw . He asked his wife for help . She gave him lotion to help .
the move	PERSON was in a rut . He has n't done anything new or exciting in years . Not wanting to live a life of regret , PERSON moved . Now PERSON lives an exciting life with new friends . PERSON knows he wont regret it .	PERSON had packed everything and was saying his goodbyes . As he drove to the station he wondered if he 'd see his friends again . He took the train and got settled in his new home . Three days later he received a phone call from his friend PERSON . PERSON was coming to visit so he would see them again !	I never wanted to move houses . My father 's job was n't paying him enough . We had to move to a better job location . My father is much happier now . I am very glad we moved houses .	PERSON was moving into a new home . He rented a moving van . PERSON asked his friends to help him move . PERSON and his friends packed his things into the van . PERSON brought the van to his new house .	PERSON was upset he had to move to a new town and go to a new school . He would miss his friends , but today was the day of the move . His family arrived at their new house . PERSON was excited that his new room was so big ! When PERSON went to school he made lots of new friends and was happy .
telescope	PERSON always loved stargazing . PERSON had a small telescope that was n't very powerful . PERSON had a birthday coming up . PERSON 's wife spent a barrel of money on a new , nice telescope . PERSON was delighted to receive that for a birthday gift !	PERSON buys a new telescope . She looks up into the sky at night . She views one of the planets . She reads about the planet in her science book . She goes to bed satisfied with her new found knowledge .	I brought out my old telescope . I saw a brighter spot in the sky . I looked in the viewer . I could make out individual stars . It is crazy how many there are .	One time , my friend showed me his really cool telescope . We looked at planets and stars at night . I saw him a few days later and asked if I could look through it again . He told me that he sold it to a friend . I was disappointed , but I found out my parents bought it for me .	PERSON loved to look at the stars at night . On a clear night , she would bring her telescope on a high hill . She could all the astrological signs and point out a few planets . On this night , she peered through her telescope and saw a flash . It was a shooting star .
the election	The politicians were in their final days of campaigning . Soon , it would be time for the people to vote ! The Democrat led in the polls . One election night , it was a landslide . The Republican had only gotten 5 % of the vote .	The lines were getting long outside the library . People were there to vote . It was a hotly contested election . People waited patiently until they were able to punch their ballot . The results took hours to count .	PERSON was running for mayor . The election was just a week away . She made one more sweep through the neighborhood . She knocked on doors and met potential voters . She retreated to her campaign office to do some more work .	The sixth grade was having an election for a new president . PERSON and PERSON both wanted to be president . They both ran a good campaign and worked hard . Their classmates voted on who they wanted . PERSON won by Twenty votes .	PERSON was running for mayor in his town . He printed an ad in his paper . PERSON printed out flyers and mailed them to the local people . He went out and met with people when he could . PERSON won the election .
the stranger	PERSON knew that staying home alone was n't a good idea . The news was filled with stories of young girls in the area dying . In the middle of the new story , the lights flickered out . PERSON heard a window shatter , and floorboards creak . A shadowy figure emerged from the hallway , brandishing a noose	PERSON was walking her dog . She saw a strange man watching her . PERSON felt uneasy , so she started to jog . The stranger started jogging after her ! PERSON ran home as fast as she could .	PERSON sat on the bus on the way to work . A young man whom he had never met approached him . The man told PERSON that he really liked PERSON 's shoes . Taken aback , PERSON thanked the man for his kind words . PERSON resolved to compliment a stranger later that day .	PERSON planned a surprise party for her boyfriend PERSON 's 37th birthday . When PERSON got wind of the party , he insisted PERSON cancel it . PERSON was upset but did as she was told . Later , PERSON wondered why PERSON was so upset about his birthday . She peeked at his driver 's license and discovered he was 53 Year 's old .	PERSON liked meeting new people . He saw someone he 'd never met before . PERSON walked up to him to introduce himself . The stranger told him to go away . He was not very friendly !
italian food	There was this Italian place next to where PERSON lives . She used to go there after class and get pasta for dinner . She went there last week only to find out that they closed down . She was told that a Mexican restaurant is opening up there next week . PERSON will now have to force herself to like Mexican food .	Last night I had the most fabulous italian food ever . I went to Bertucci 's restaurant and it was amazing . I ordered pizza and it was delicious . I would definitely go back in an instant . It was the best food I ever had .	PERSON went on a trip to LOCATION . He ate a lot of pasta and pizza . He learned some recipes . Back at home , he cooked a lot of pasta and pizza . Finally , he got sick of Italian food and never eat it again .	My favorite food is pizza . I enjoy pasta and ravioli , but I will always choose pizza over them . My family thinks I just enjoy all Italian food . They are wrong because I do not like baked ziti . Even though ziti is not tasty , I still enjoy a lot of Italian food .	PERSON was eating Italian food . She got some tomato sauce on her blouse . Her boyfriend tried to get it off with his napkin . PERSON was embarrassed and told him to stop . Everyone was watching them .
cancer	PERSON loved to stay out in the sun . One day she noticed a mole on her arm . It had started to change shape . She decided to go to the doctor about it . The doctor biopsied it and luckily it was not malignant .	PERSON was diagnosed with Cancer . It was a scary time . She had surgery and chemotherapy . She was very sick . Finally she beat the cancer !	Today I went to get my iron infusion . The hospital I go to treats cancer patients also . I used to think this was a sad place to come to because of the pain . This time , I looked past the pain and saw the courage . Next time I go to the hospital I will look for the courage again .	PERSON received a sudden diagnosis of stage IV pancreatic cancer . She was told she had only a month to live , maybe less . She did not wallow in self-pity - instead , she used her time well . She wrote long letters to her loved ones and passed on her jewelry . When PERSON passed away , she did so peacefully , knowing she was ready .	PERSON 's mother missed her very much . She took a trip to LOCATION to visit her mother . While PERSON was there she found out her mother had cancer . Her mother looked very sick and PERSON was worried . Her mother passed away when she was visiting her .
science fair	PERSON was a student who loved science . He decided to enter the science fair . He performed his experiments and painstakingly recorded the results . The day of the science fair came , and the judges were very impressed . His hard work paid off .	PERSON 's school announced a science fair for his grade . PERSON went home and found a subject to cover . He bought the supplies and prepared his presentation . PERSON brought his project to school on the day of the fair . When the event was over , PERSON placed third .	PERSON won the regional science fair . Her project looked at nutrient levels in hydroponic farming . She got to participate in the state science fair at the Capital . On the way there , her apparatus broke in the van . She could n't fix it and had to go home .	PERSON was excited to participate in the science fair . She was competing with her entire grade . She finally found out she won . The feeling was amazing . She won a gold medal for her efforts .	PERSON was in the 9th grade . He had to enter the science fair . His teacher gave him his project guidelines . He followed them and came up with a project . PERSON placed third in the science fair .
walking	PERSON wanted to lose weight . She tried dieting , but that failed . She was unable to give up her favorite sweets . Then she had a better idea ! She began walking an hour a day and lost 25 pounds quickly .	PERSON owned a dog . He needed to exercise the dog daily . The dog 's body was made to run daily . PERSON could not run . PERSON let the dog run free of the leash .	PERSON wanted to go for a walk . She put on her walking shoes . Then , she grabbed her bag . PERSON went out her front door . Then , she locked the door .	PERSON was out driving one night and a deer jumped out in front of him . He tried to swerve , but he could n't avoid it . PERSON awoke to see his legs mangled and feared he 'd never walk again . Months went by and he performed all types of therapy to try to walk . Finally six months after the accident he stood to take his first step .	PERSON was a guy who enjoyed the simple pleasures of life . One of these pleasures was a good walk . He was always so happy just taking a brisk walk around the park . Today was an especially beautiful day . PERSON walked around , smiling blissfully .
jacket	Ina really wanted a cute leather jacket . But it was way out her price range ! She saved money for weeks , then found a 20 % off coupon ! She happily went and bought the jacket . She loved it even more because she had had to wait for it !	The man put on his jacket . He soon became too hot . He took his jacket off . He became cold again . He put on a coat that was not as warm .	PERSON left her jacket at school . She was sad because it was her favorite one ! She was sure someone must have taken it . But in the morning , there it was in the Lost & Found ! PERSON was so happy to get it back !	The man put on a jacket . It was tight in the shoulders . He looked at the tag . He realized it was his wife 's jacket . They laughed together at that experience .	PERSON needed a suit jacket for a fancy event . He did not own one . He decided to borrow one from his dad . He tried it on , thinking it would not fit . But to his surprise , it fit perfectly fine !
fraud	PERSON was arrested for fraud . He was photographed and his mugshot was blasted on the news . He was then put into a jail cell . PERSON plead guilty . He was sentenced to four years .	PERSON was the manager at an IT firm . There was a problem with the confidential information . He was charged with fraud because he is the manager . PERSON decided to sue the firm due to loss of job . PERSON won because of lack of evidence .	PERSON and PERSON were music stars . They could not really sing . One evening while performing at a concert something happens . The record skips . The crowd and whole world find out that PERSON and PERSON are frauds .	Harry stole a credit card . Harry used the credit card for his own payments . Harry had owed a lot of money on the stolen credit card . The authorities were notified of Harry 's crimes . Harry was arrested .	There once was a developer named PERSON PERSON . He spent a lot of money rebranding other people 's games . Then putting minor gambling elements in them to hook people . He thought this model to be unsinkable . Until people stopped caring about electronic garbage , and quit .
baby brother	PERSON was two years old when her little brother was born . She held him at the hospital and gave him lots of kisses . When PERSON 's brother came home from the hospital he cried all night . The next day PERSON said her baby brother was too loud . She asked when he was going to go back to the hospital !	PERSON loved his baby brother . He noticed one day that his brother was cold . Luckily , PERSON was able to give his brother a blanket . They cuddled until his baby brother was warm . PERSON and his brother love each other very much .	PERSON 's mom was going to have a new baby soon . PERSON was nervous to have a new baby brother . His mom let him help get the house ready for the new baby . When the baby was born , PERSON got to hold him in the hospital . PERSON felt better about having a new baby in the family .	PERSON stomped her feet and threw a whopper of a tantrum . She insisted to her parents she did n't want a stupid baby brother . Their gentle laughter made PERSON 's lip tremble and tears flow . Her Mom hugged her tightly and reassured her . They would love her just as much , even with a new baby .	PERSON is an only child . He has always wanted a baby brother to play with . He asked his parents if he could get a baby brother one day . One day PERSON 's parents told him that they had very exciting news . PERSON will be getting a new brother in a few months !
the laptop	I needed a laptop for my job . I saved up several week 's worth of extra money . I finally saved up about five hundred dollars . I went to the local best buy store . I bought a very nice looking laptop .	PERSON was hard at work . She needed to finish her term paper on her laptop . SHe typed away all evening . Finally , she was ready to submit it . Just as she hit send , her internet went out !	PERSON needed a new computer . She bought a really fancy laptop . She took it home to set it up . It was so confusing ! PERSON put it back in the box and returned it .	I had an old laptop that began to malfunction . The screen kept going black . I could not afford to get a new laptop . I decided to take a few extra shifts at work . With the extra money I was able to get a new laptop .	The kid had a new computer . It was a laptop with a touch screen . He loved playing games on it . He also typed things for his school reports . The laptop was helpful in many ways .
christmas shopping	It was almost time to begin Christmas shopping for the year . Sue was really dreading it . The mall was always so busy at that time of year . She decided to do all of her Christmas shopping online . In two hours , she was done , and had n't even had to get dressed .	Christmas is in 3 weeks and I have n't bought a single gift yet . Today , I drove to the mall and shopped for five hours . As I made each purchase , I marked someone off my list . Once my shopping was completed , I drove back home . Tomorrow , I will spend the day wrapping presents .	PERSON wanted to buy Christmas presents for his family . He was too poor . He decided to get money from Amazon Mechanical Turk . He worked on Mechanical Turk for three months . Finally , he saved up enough money for Christmas presents .	PERSON really wanted to pay for all her Christmas gifts with cash . In previous years , she had put a lot of the gifts on her credit card . She was trying to get out of debt and has stopped using credit cards . PERSON opened a special savings account to save for Christmas . She successfully paid for all her gifts with cash and no more debt .	PERSON had a big list of Christmas presents to buy . She set off for the mall and began to shop . The mall was so busy , she had to push and squeeze ! It took her five hours to shop . But when she left , she had every item on her list !
lost keys	PERSON came home from work one afternoon . She fumbled in her purse for her keys . But she could n't find them - she had lost them somewhere ! PERSON grasped under the magnetic rock on her stoop . There , she found her spare key and let herself in .	PERSON lost her house keys . She could n't leave to work without them . It was n't until she decided to do so anyway that she found them . They were still on the door lock . PERSON felt dumb as she left to work .	June had to go to work but she could n't find her keys . She looked everywhere and still could not find them ! Finally she gave up and called a cab . The cab came and took her to work , but then she looked in her purse . Her keys were in her purse the whole time !	PERSON woke up late on Tuesday . On her way out the door , she could not find her keys . She looked everywhere . She had a friend come pick her up . After she got in her friend 's car she found the keys in her pocket .	PERSON could not find her keys anywhere . She looked all over her house . She checked in all her bags . Finally she checked her door . Her keys had been in her front door all this time .
the dresser	PERSON wanted to redo her bedroom . Her dresser was very junky . She found an antique one and painted it . When she moved it into her room , she felt proud . It looked great in her room !	PERSON was buying new furniture . She found an amazing antique dresser . She brought it home and put it in her bedroom . She dusted it off and put her clothes inside . The dresser fit her bedroom beautifully !	Today I bought a new dresser . It came to me unassembled . I worked on it for an hour before I gave up . My dresser does not work correctly . I threw the other dresser away and bought an assembled one .	PERSON found a beautiful antique dresser . She brought it home and wanted to restore it . She scrubbed it and then put some stain on it . It looked amazing ! PERSON decided she wanted to restore more pieces for her house .	The couple was shopping for furniture . They found a beautiful dresser for their bedroom . They took it home and put their clothes in it . It was a beautiful addition to their room . Soon , they decided they needed a new bed as well .
the aquarium	When PERSON was a child , his favorite place to go was the aquarium . He used to beg his parents to take him every weekend . PERSON knew everything about fish and other sea animals . As he grew older , he turned his passion into a career . PERSON is now a world famous Marine Biologist .	One day Zoey went to the aquarium . First she saw the sea lions . Then she saw the dolphins . Finally she saw the penguins . She had a fun day .	PERSON decided to go to the aquarium . He saw a wide variety of fish and sea creatures . His favorite part was petting a stingray . In addition , there was a display about keeping the oceans clean . PERSON learned a great deal that day .	PERSON liked fish . He bought a big aquarium for his house . He stocked it with exotic fish . He watched them for a long time every night . PERSON was thrilled with his purchase .	PERSON was getting an aquarium . He put the tank on a shelf in his room . He filled it with water . PERSON put a filter in the aquarium . PERSON went to the pet store to buy some fish .
bedtime	PERSON stayed up late Sunday night and woke up late Monday morning . He had to rush to get to work on time . He had been late before and did n't want to get in trouble . He made it on time but just barely . PERSON decided right there to go to bed when he should .	PERSON yawned loudly , hoping PERSON would take the hint . Of course , PERSON continued to read . PERSON stretched in her chair , the old recliner squeaking noisily . PERSON raised an eyebrow , but said nothing . PERSON cheekily turned off the light before running to her room .	PERSON is very tired . She hates to go to bed because she really wants to read more . She decides one more chapter wo n't hurt . But PERSON keeps nodding off while reading the same sentence . She decides she better just go to bed .	I have been trying to get my daughter to bed on time . It is important she gets used to an earlier bedtime . She has been staying up late throughout the summer . Since school is starting soon , I want to give her time to adjust . I hope it is not too hard .	It was bedtime at our house . Two of the three kids hit the pillow and fall asleep . The third is a trouble maker . For two hours he continues to get out of bed and want to play . Finally he becomes tired and falls asleep .
skipping	The boy got ready for church . He did not want to go . He hid in his closet . His mom found him . His mom made him go to church .	When I was young , I loved skipping around . It was fast and carefree as a method of travel . I decided to skip to work today for old time 's sake . I got tons of strange looks . I do n't care because I truly enjoyed it .	The bell for the next period rang . Since I did n't study for my math exam , I ditched the exam . I went to the cafeteria instead . Surprisingly , I ran into a friend . We hung out for the remainder of the class period .	PERSON does not plan to go to school today . When he leaves home after breakfast , he walks towards the bus stop . He continues past the bus stop and goes to the arcade . As it turns out , the arcade is n't open at 9am . PERSON goes to school .	PERSON wanted to skip her morning class a few days ago . I told her it was a bad idea to skip , but she did anyway . I told her it was really risky since they might have had a test . The next day we friend texted her to say that she missed a test ! PERSON was really upset about missing it , and apologized to me !
acne	Growing up I was always self-conscious of my skin . It was mostly due to my acne problems and it effected my self-esteem . As time went on , they stayed but my self-worth grew . I learned to look past what was out of my control . And as I stressed less , the acne subsided and I 'm as happy as ever .	PERSON had terrible acne . It was bad for her self esteem . She hated how she looked . Her mom took her to a dermatologist . Her skin cleared up in no time .	PERSON had terrible acne . She always ate fried food . One day , she decided to quit eating so unhealthy . Her acne slowly started to go away ! Now she eats healthy food every day .	LOCATION had acne which she hated . That was normal for a teenager , but LOCATION was sixty . She went to the doctor to get medicine for it . But the medicine cost over a hundred bucks a month . LOCATION decided to live with the acne .	I had been getting a lot of acne recently . I had been trying different creams to get rid of it . Unfortunately I had not seen any changes . I decided to stop wearing makeup . Finally my acne went away .
fire alarm	PERSON cooked some pasta . He left the pot on too long . The pasta burned . The fire alarm went off . Everyone ran from the building .	PERSON was taking a test . All of the sudden the fire alarm went off . Everyone was evacuated . Turns out it was a false alarm . PERSON then had to resume her test .	PERSON was making her favorite cookies . She was having a blast . Unfortunately PERSON set off the alarm . Luckily she was able to get the smoke out . Unfortunate however her cookies were burnt .	Nya was in the restroom at school when the fire alarm went off . Panicked , Nya dropped her hairbrush and ran outside . She quickly found her friends and ensured their safety . Then she waited with her classmates while the police investigated . It turned out the fire alarm had gone off by mistake !	PERSON kept hearing a beeping sound in his apartment . Eventually he found out it was his fire alarm . It needed new batteries . The sound was annoying . PERSON replaced the batteries to make it stop .
mugged	PERSON was walking home from work late one night . Suddenly some men approached her , and she immediately got worried . They brandished knives and asked for her wallet . She complied but threw the wallet far away . While they went to grab it she ran and safely escaped .	Pearl was meeting friends that night in a bar . But before she got there , she was attacked in the street . She had to go to the police station to report her missing purse . And when she finally arrived at the bar , her friends were worried . Her ordeal provided a conversation that lasted long into the night .	I was walking down the street one late night . I was coming close to my apartment building when I was stopped . A man walked in front of me with a gun and asked for my money . I gave him my wallet and then ran away . I finally made it back to my house and called 911 .	PERSON was shopping downtown one day . He went into a store to buy something . As he approached the register , he realized something . His wallet was missing ! Someone had picked PERSON 's pocket as he shopped downtown .	PERSON was walking in the park one day . Suddenly he got mugged by a group of teenagers . They stole his cell phone and money . PERSON decided to call the police . The police could not track the teenagers down .
violin	PERSON and PERSON were proud parents . They wanted their kids to have great lives . They decided to have their daughter learn the violin . Their daughter became a great violinist . Their whole family lived very happy lives .	PERSON wanted to learn how to play the violin . He went to the music store to buy one . He selected a cheap model that he thought would do for a beginner . He started practicing and two strings broke right away . PERSON went back to the store and bought a better violin .	PERSON had a very important violin recital . He had been practicing his song for months . He walked up onto stage and started to play . Once he finished he bowed . The whole crowd clapped because he did so well .	PERSON has been drawn to the violin . Seeing this , her parents put her in lessons . She had a natural gift for the music . After a year , she was performing in recitals . She is considered a prodigy .	PERSON was very bad at the violin . His only dream was to get good at it . He worked hard and practiced every day . Then one day , he played the song perfectly . His parents were very impressed .
bike accident	PERSON was riding his bike home from work . He was crossing the street when suddenly a car hit him . His bike fell and slid across the road . PERSON felt a lot of pain but luckily he did n't seem badly injured . Luckily the driver stopped to help him as well .	In 2005 a truck clipped my bike . I was thrown off the bike and my wheel was twisted . I asked the driver for his license info and he was reluctant . A cop came by and said he had to provide it . I was unhurt and accepted $ 100 to fix my bike wheel .	PERSON loved driving his motorcycle . He would go on long rides on the weekend . One day he got hit by a truck while on his bike . PERSON broke several bones and took a long time recover . After he healed he sold his bike to pay for medical expenses .	PERSON bought a new motorcycle . He was driving it home . He got into an accident right away . PERSON was seriously injured . He sold the motorcycle soon .	I ran and climbed over the fence . My son was lying in the pea gravel on the road . The car had swerved just in time . I raged at the driver for not even stopping . I called 911 to come get my child .
fall	PERSON was hiking with her family . Suddenly she tripped on a tree root . She fell into a patch of poison ivy ! PERSON was miserable as she suffered from the plant 's effects . Her family felt very badly for her .	I was driving on my motorcycle . The road was wet . And I fell off . At first it would n't restart . The fall had knocked a battery cable loose .	I am a stroke victim . I have little use of my left side . One day I reached from my chair to the floor . I fell onto the floor and could not get back up . I called my son , who came home and got me up the floor .	I lived in LOCATION . The summer was brutally hot ! Luckily , fall was just around the corner . The fall this year was cool and crisp with beautiful colors . I realized that fall was my favorite season .	PERSON bought a brand-new pair of stiletto heels . She put them on so she could go out with her new boyfriend . He picked her up in his truck at eight . As she walked across the grass , her heel got caught on a rock . She tumbled to the ground in front of her date .
biology test	PERSON had a biology test . He had studied very hard but found biology challenging . He took the test and he thought he had failed . He waited two weeks for his grade . He found out he got an A on his test .	Sue has a huge biology test in the morning . She has been studying all week . When she got to class , her teacher had forgotten to copy the test . The teacher announced the test was moved to the next day . PERSON was relieved she had an extra day to study .	PERSON has a biology test on Friday . He has been studying for weeks . He decided to just look over his notes one more time . When PERSON got to class , the teacher said open book test . PERSON was both relieved and irritated .	PERSON has to prepare for a biology test . PERSON study every day . When the test came up , PERSON got nervous . PERSON fail the test because she worried too much . Afterwards , PERSON was diagnosed with an anxiety disorder .	PERSON has a biology test in the morning . He was not ready for it all . He decided to stay up and study . He ended up sleeping through his alarm . He missed his test .
free lunch	PERSON started work at a new office . Everyone there seemed friendly . They invited him to go to lunch with them . PERSON declined because he forgot his debit card . Everyone else offered to pay and he went .	PERSON decided to stop at a fast food place for lunch . He noticed one of the employees sneeze into his burger . PERSON was very upset and complained to the manager . He screamed very loudly until the manager almost cried . PERSON was given another meal for free and a very sincere apology .	PERSON won a raffle at his office . He received a free lunch at a fancy restaurant . PERSON was excited to go . He invited his girlfriend . PERSON had a great time for free .	PERSON went to the store . He realized he forgot his wallet . The person behind him paid for his sandwich . He tried to thank the man for buying his lunch . Unfortunately , the man had already left .	On June 21 , our building had to shut off water for repairs . There are 250 units in the building , and people were upset . The management opened up the clubroom and offered free lunch . They had sandwiches , chips , soda , and cookies . The party quieted the complaints until service was restored later .
kayak	PERSON rented a kayak at the lake . It sounded like a fun experience . But she soon found that it was not very fun at all ! Her arms burned from the intense workout . PERSON realized kayaking was best left to more muscular people !	I sell things on eBay , Amazon , and PERSON . The other day my friend wanted to sell his sea kayak . His girls had grown up and no longer wanted it . I sold it on Craigslist for $ 200 . My friend was pleased to get some money .	PERSON thought kayaking looked fun . He rented a kayak one day . But when he got out on the lake , he was unhappy . It was much harder than it had seemed . PERSON decided he did not like kayaking after all .	PERSON was on vacation at his dad 's lake house . He took the kayak out on the water one day . There , he saw a beautiful girl in another kayak ! On shore , they started chatting . She ended up asking him on a date !	PERSON rented a kayak for the day . She went out on the lake to row . She leaned to her left to turn , but flipped it over ! PERSON had to hurry to release her belt and right the kayak . Thankfully , she was not hurt .
the noise	PERSON awoke one cold night to a strange noise coming from her window . She got out of bed to go see what it was . As she was walking to the window she saw a small shadow . She opened the curtain and was happily surprised . It was a tiny kitten scratching to get in from the cold .	Every night PERSON heard a tapping . He searched the house to find what it was but could n't . One night when he could n't stand it anymore he yelled in frustration . The noise stopped suddenly and PERSON realized his leg shaking had stopped His frustration was making his leg move which caused the noise .	There was a noise outside . PERSON walked to see what it was . The trash can was spilt over . There was a raccoon eating the trash . PERSON picked up the trash the next day .	PERSON awoke to a loud noise in the kitchen . He picked up a bat beside the bed and walked down the stairs . He saw a shadowy figure near the sink . PERSON acted quickly and hit the person on the head . He turned on the light , and saw his wife sprawled on the floor .	PERSON was awakened by a loud noise . She jumped out of bed and look out the window . A car has struck her mailbox . The driver did not stop . PERSON was upset that she had to replace her mailbox .
graduation	My brother was set to graduate college so we all went to visit . The road trip was very long but definitely worth it . He asked how our trip was and we said it was fine . The next day we all met up at the stadium where it was being held . We got lots of pictures of him graduating .	On June 5th , our son graduated from Cambridge College . He received a Master 's Degree in education . The ceremony was held at the Blue Hills Bank Pavilion . We applauded wildly when he got his diploma . We treated him out to dinner afterward .	PERSON walked up to the podium wearing his cap and gown . He looked into the crowd of people and saw his family waving . Before he knew it , the diploma was in his hands . It was a very proud day . That evening , he went out to a fancy restaurant with his family .	PERSON and her boyfriend both lived in LOCATION . PERSON 's boyfriend enrolled in a college that was in LOCATION . It was hard being separated but he needed his education . Before they knew it , graduation day had come . PERSON flew to LOCATION to watch her boyfriend walk across the stage .	PERSON was working towards his PhD in genetics . The last few month were rough on him . Defending his dissertation was the last step to graduation . Last week , his defense succeeded . Everyone is so proud of him .
the pudding	The girl made her favorite kind of dessert . It was pudding that was made on the stove . She ate the entire box of it by herself . She licked the spoon and the bowl . She was full !	PERSON loved to make pudding . He liked the kind that was made on the stove . He liked to heat the milk and mix the pudding into it . When it had cooled , he would eat the whole pan . PERSON made the delicious treat every night .	PERSON was hard at work in the kitchen . He made a big batch of pudding . He would eat it with a big spoon . He ate the whole batch in one sitting . PERSON felt sick and never made pudding again !	PERSON loved chocolate . She made a chocolate pudding on the stove . She poured it into bowls then put it in the fridge . After dinner , she ate one bowl . It was the best pudding she 'd made !	My mom made lemon pudding for dessert . I was n't allowed to have any until my brother got home . I stared at the pudding longingly . I could n't take the waiting anymore . Suddenly , my brother came through the door and we all enjoyed pudding .
christmas morning	PERSON had been waiting for Christmas all year long . When the day arrived , her parents called her out of her room . In the den , PERSON saw that LOCATION had visited and left presents . She quickly began opening presents one by one . The last thing she opened was a Nintendo 3DS , her most wanted item .	PERSON woke up on Christmas morning , excited to what LOCATION brought . He raced into his room and woke his parents up , immediately . His parents grabbed the camera and followed PERSON down the hall . PERSON was amazed as he saw a new bike and a few new video games . He got his helmet and went out for a ride to test out his new bike .	PERSON spent all night wrapping gifts . He passed out late . In the morning his family struggled to wake him up . They opened gifts without him . PERSON eventually woke up a bit saddened .	PERSON woke up early , it was Christmas morning . Running down the stairs , he saw a man in a big red suit . Yelling , screaming , he knew it had to be LOCATION . The man turned around , and it was his Uncle PERSON . Uncle PERSON had gotten up early and dropped off presents .	I woke up this morning and was so excited . It 's Christmas today , and LOCATION came ! I came downstairs to lots of gifts under the tree . My sister and I sang with glee . Christmas is my favorite time of the year .
bear	PERSON was hiking . He saw a bear . It got scared of him . He was scared of it too . They both ran away .	Will was an avid hiker . Will took a special trip to hike up a trial in the LOCATION . On the trail , PERSON had an encounter with a black bear . The bear followed Will for about a mile on the trail . Will was relieved when the bear finally left him alone !	When we were camping we saw a bear . He was climbing an apple tree . My husband decided to walk toward the bear to get a picture . I thought he was crazy . I turned around and walked away and my husband followed .	PERSON loved running . One day she ran up a trail . On the the trail she seen a bear . She stood still . The bear did n't notice her and went away .	I climb a mountain behind my house . For the first time in my life I actually saw a bear . The bear stare at me . I was so sacred . Luckily , the bear left me .
the toy	PERSON saw a cool toy at the store . She asked her mom if she could buy it . Her mom said no . PERSON decided to stick the toy in her pocket . Her mom found the toy and made her put it back .	PERSON wanted to get his daughter the new robot doll for her birthday . He had to get an extra job so he could afford it . After extensive overtime and working exhaustively , he bought it . When his daughter opened the box , she cried . It was the wrong doll !	My daughter forgot her stuffed puppy at grandma 's house . She realized this after we drove home . My daughter began to cry for the puppy and would not stop . My wife gave me this look she sometimes gives me . I drove back to grandma 's house through the night .	The boy 's favorite toy was missing . He looked all over the house . He looked under the furniture . He finally went into the basement . The ball was in the basement .	Mr PERSON went to the store for some shopping . He saw his neighbor there with her son . The son wanted a toy but they could n't afford it . Mr PERSON bought the toy and put it on the porch of the neighbor . The neighbor saw it and thanked Mr PERSON for his kindness .
the pen	PERSON was going to write a letter . She looked for something to write with . She finally found one pen . It was out of ink ! PERSON decided to send an email instead .	PERSON needed to borrow a pen . She asked her co worker for one . At the end of the day PERSON drove home exhausted . It was n't until she got home that she noticed the pen . She had forgotten to give it back .	PERSON had to sign an important document at work but he lost her pen . She tried to write it in pencil but her boss would not accept it . PERSON went to her co-worker to ask for a pen . He dug in his desk and found a green and a blue pen . PERSON took the blue pen and signed the document again .	PERSON was nervously working on his math exam . He chewed on his pen as he thought . The pen exploded in his mouth . He had ink all over his face and clothes . He had to sit in the exam room and finish the test with ink all over .	PERSON wanted to write his wife a quick note . He found a pen on his desk . He tried to write with it but the ink was dried out . He scribbled over and over but it would n't work . PERSON gave up and used a crayon instead .
box	PERSON needed a box to put the parts of his bookcase in . He 'd thrown out the original box when he 'd bought it , years ago . PERSON had just bought a dolly to help him move . He looked at the box it came in and thought it would be perfect . PERSON successfully packed the bookcase parts into the dolly box .	There was a knock on the door . I looked out the window and the UPS truck drove away . There was a box on the porch that I brought inside . I opened the package excited . Inside was new socks and underwear .	Jack to an engineering class . PERSON learned many things . PERSON hoped to learn how to work with wood . His teacher showed him how to make a box . Now he has his own handmade box .	My startup business needed a post office box . I researched post office boxes online . I signed up for the box at the post office . I paid for the box and key . Now I have a post office box for my new business .	There was a box in the garage . I did n't know what was inside . I asked my father to open it . He opened the box for me . There was blank paper in the box .
PERSON 's pie	PERSON was a strong boy . He thought his strength came from pie . So one day he ate a pie . And tried to lift a car . He could n't lift the car .	PERSON decided he wanted to learn how to bake . He went online and researched different recipes . He found a great one for an apple pie . PERSON cooked the pie and followed all the directions . PERSON 's pie was very bitter and he felt really bad .	PERSON wanted to bake a pie for his family . He was n't particularly great at baking but wanted to give it a try . After preparing the pie he set the timer and put the pie in the oven . Halfway through baking the timer broke and never alarmed . PERSON forgot about the pie and it burned up in the oven .	PERSON had entered a cooking competition . Her best dish was a pie she cooked . PERSON went to the store . She bought all the ingredients for the pie . PERSON baked the pie for the competition .	PERSON bought a pie at the grocery store . He decided to eat the entire pie at once . PERSON felt sick after eating the pie . He began to regret eating the pie . PERSON decided to eat pies more gradually in the future .
wedding	The church was silent . The bride and groom were holding hands . They said their vows and the priest sanctified their marriage . The bride and groom kissed . The baby inside the bride kicked once .	In 2010 my daughter 's college roommate got married . The wedding was in LOCATION , and a lot of college friends attended . My daughter saw a college friend 's girlfriend cheating on him . She told the friend , and he confronted his girlfriend . The trip back to LOCATION was tense .	PERSON asked PERSON to marry him . PERSON admired the ring that PERSON put on her finger . She told her mom about the proposal so they could plan the wedding . PERSON wanted a small intimate wedding without a long engagement . PERSON became PERSON 's wife just a month later .	The man was invited to a wedding . He did not respond . The bride 's feelings were hurt . The groom called the man . The man confirmed that he would attend .	We went to a friend 's wedding last Saturday . The wedding was in LOCATION LOCATION , LOCATION . The reception was in a mansion in LOCATION LOCATION . We hired a car service to get there from LOCATION and back . We thoroughly enjoyed the wedding , with good food and great friends .
PERSON says goodbye	PERSON and his girlfriend have been together for 5 years . Lately Adam just is n't feeling like he wants to be with her anymore . One evening he takes his girlfriend out . While eating he tells her it 's best if they do n't date anymore . PERSON tells her it 's been fun but it .	PERSON was dying of cancer . PERSON was laying on the hospital bed . PERSON 's parents held his hand . PERSON said his final goodbye . PERSON died from the cancer .	PERSON was feeling very sick one day . He decided to go the doctor . They ran some tests on him . He was told he had 2 months to live . PERSON begin to tell his loved ones Goodbye .	PERSON had heard some awful news She was told she was dying from cancer PERSON was so heartbroken and angry PERSON learned to accept her fate PERSON smiled as she took her last breath and told her daughter goodbye	PERSON was in love with her man . Trouble is her man was illegal . PERSON had raised a family with her immigrant husband . The day had finally come . PERSON 's husband was deported back to LOCATION and PERSON said Goodbye .
twister	The family heard the tornado sirens while they were eating dinner . They raced out of the house to the storm cellar . When the all clear signal sounded , they climbed out of the cellar . Their home suffered only minor damage . The family was relieved and happy .	PERSON lived in LOCATION . One night PERSON heard the tornado alarm going off . She ran down to her storm cellar . PERSON waited in the cellar while the wind blew around her . She came out of the basement to see her house had been blown away .	They could see the funnel cloud in the distance . At first they tried to outrun it since they lived so close . Despite their efforts the cyclone was getting closer . They stopped the car under an overpass and listened as it went by . Soon the sky cleared and they calmly drove home .	PERSON was playing Twister with his little brother . He thought since his brother was shorter , he 'd definitely win ! But PERSON was surprised as they played . His brother was flexible and much better than him ! PERSON lost the game every single time they played !	PERSON was having so much fun ! She was having a party and they were playing Twister . PERSON had n't played the game since she was a kid . The party went on for hours . They all insisted they should do it again next month .
chef	PERSON dreamed of one day becoming a chef . He entered culinary school to pursue his dream . He worked hard for 2 years , training in his craft . After graduating , he took a job at a local restaurant . He was successful due to his extensive training and studying .	PERSON was a chef . He was a chef at one of the top restaurants in town . PERSON loved being a chef . Being a chef allowed him to do what he loved . What PERSON also loved was the amount of money he made .	PERSON wanted to cook Thanksgiving dinner for his family . He spent the whole day in the kitchen . He chopped , whipped , boiled and baked . Then he eagerly served his meal to his hungry family . Everyone told PERSON it was the best meal they 'd ever tasted !	PERSON was cooking an elaborate meal . He was watching a cooking show as a guide . But then the on-air chef pulled out ingredients PERSON did n't have ! He had to make some last-second substitutions . Luckily , PERSON 's meal was still very tasty .	PERSON was a good chef . But the restaurant she worked for was going out of business . She decided to start a Youtube channel to show everyone her recipes . And she gained hundreds of thousands of subscribers . Her new job became making Youtube videos .
tv show	PERSON was watching her favorite show on tv . The power went out , preventing her from finishing . PERSON ran outside , and down the street as fast as she could . She ran 5 blocks to her friend 's house . Their tv worked , but by the time she arrived the show was over .	PERSON missed her favorite TV show . She called her best friend to see if she had recorded it . As there was no answer she decided to check on the Internet . She had a chance to download it illegally . But she chose to wait for her friend so she would n't break the law .	I watched the first few episodes of a cartoon but did n't like it . I thought my friend would like it . I told her about it and encouraged her to watch it . Now she is obsessed with this cartoon . We joke about how I dislike it but allowed her to find it .	PERSON was on a TV show . He started to party a lot . His boss asked him to cut back . Until he cleaned up his act , the show was put on hold . But it went back on air .	PERSON desperately wanted to be on TV . She read that a game show was interviewing contestants at the LOCATION . She drove over , and interviewed . A few weeks later , she got a call : she would be a contestant ! It was her dream come true !
the bike ride	PERSON and his friends decided to go bike riding one day . On the ride , PERSON crashed his bike into a tree . He touched his knee to find out he had scraped it . Luckily his friend PERSON brought a first aid kit . PERSON put a BandAid on his knee .	PERSON bought a new bike . He decided to try it out . At first he was just planning on going around the block He was having too much fun . PERSON decided to enjoy the moment longer and ride more .	PERSON wanted to get in better shape . She decided to start bicycling . On her first ride she almost fell twice . She kept going and got better . Eventually she entered a race .	The family would go on bike rides every evening . Sometimes they would go around the block . Other times , they 'd go many miles . They always wore helmets and used flashing lights . They enjoyed their family time together .	PERSON always wanted to ride a bike . She never learned how growing up . Her boyfriend agreed to teach her . PERSON was a quick learner . They were riding around together within minutes .
class	I had to go to class at 10:00 this morning . I was mad because the class usually starts at noon . I decided to email my teacher expressing my frustration . He did not like the email , and gave us a pop quiz today . Now I know to keep my opinions to myself .	PERSON signed up for an advanced math class . At first it was terribly difficult . She wondered if she 'd overestimated her math skills . But then the material grew easier , and PERSON relaxed . She knew the smart class was the right place for her !	PERSON was dozing off in class . He had stayed up all night . He tried to hide his nap from his teacher . The teacher noticed he was trying to sleep . PERSON was scolded for falling asleep in class .	I was terrified before my first English class . I did not know what was going to happen . I also worried my students would rebel against me . When I got to the first class , I fought through my anxiety . After that first lecture , the class soon became fun and enjoyable .	PERSON was late for class . PERSON rushed to get ready for class . PERSON rode his bike to school quickly . PERSON ran through the halls to his first class . PERSON arrived just as class was starting .
train	PERSON commutes on the train to work every day . He usually sits alone , but today a nice lady sat next to him . They chatted about their jobs and homes . PERSON asked for her number . She gave her number and PERSON was happy to have a new friend .	I wanted to travel on a train , since I had never done it before . I researched and planned a trip to a nearby city . On the day of the trip , I boarded excitedly . The ride was fun and enjoyable . My trip was good , and I got to experience something new .	A man was running late . He wanted to catch a train . He was running fast . The train doors are almost closed . He just barely made it into the train !	PERSON was riding the subway home from work . He got engrossed in his newspaper . He did n't even notice when the subway passed his stop ! By the time he realized , it was too late . PERSON had to walk back four blocks .	My husband and I boarded a train . About four hours into the journey , an announcement was made . The border had been closed and we had to get off the train . We had to find a bus to our destination instead . After hours of waiting , we finally found one .
grandma	PERSON was staying at her daughter house for a week . He daughter was out of town and her grandson was home sick . Her grandson had thrown up on the couch . His dad had attempted to clean the mess . Sue decided to re-clean since the house still smelled of vomit .	When May 's grandson was born , she tried to pass on all her knowledge . She gave her daughter PERSON instructions on how to do everything . Eventually PERSON told her mother firmly to stop trying to take over . May was a little hurt when PERSON told her to stop butting in . But she knew she had to let her daughter learn to parent on her own .	Grandma loves it when 9 year old PERSON comes to visit . She and PERSON often make crafts together . Grandma saves bits of cardboard and other scraps for this purpose . One visit they built a big cardboard robot covered in aluminum foil . Months later , PERSON still talks about that robot .	My grandma had a special talent . When she got mad at me one day , she threw her shoe at me . It hit me right on top of the head . It bounced and went all the way back to her . She reached out her hands and caught .	They decided to help grandma move . They drove all the way to LOCATION . They spent days loading the trailers . They helped by picking up food . They drove all the way to LOCATION then home to LOCATION .
kittens	PERSON found five abandoned kittens in an old box on the curb . She waited , but the mother was nowhere to be found . She wanted them but knew she could not afford to keep them . So she took them to the shelter , where the worker smiled at her . He assured her the kittens would all find good homes quickly .	PERSON 's cat was pregnant . PERSON was relieved to learn this . She had believed the cat to simply be getting overweight . The cat eventually gave birth to three kittens . PERSON decided to keep all of them , but to get them fixed .	PERSON was staying at a hotel because she was traveling . On her second day there , she found two kittens in the parking lot . The kittens were young and the mother was not around . After sneaking them in her room , she gave them food and baths . She decided to keep them and she took them on her travels .	PERSON likes kittens . PERSON saw a box of kittens at the grocery store . She brought a kitten home . Her family fell in love with the kitten . Now the family is one member larger .	My husband found some kittens under our woodpile . He dismantled the pile and got them out . He brought them in the house ! I told him we could n't take care of wild kittens . He took them back and the mother moved them .
court	Years ago I was accused of running a red light . I researched my ticket to prepare for court . I did my best to represent myself . I thought I was going to lose . The judge threw my ticket out .	PERSON had traffic court for a speeding ticket . But she forgot all about it ! A threatening letter was sent to PERSON 's house . She sighed and wrote the check then and there . That way , PERSON could not forget again and lose her license !	PERSON had to go to court . He stood in front and made his vow . He was very anxious and stuttered . The judge said he was guilty . He had to pay a fine .	PERSON and her friends liked playing basketball together . They 'd play every Saturday at a somewhat isolated court . When they arrived for their weekend game , the court was gone ! The town had torn it up because they thought no one used it . In its place the town had put a playground with swing sets instead .	The court date was set for earlier this month . I called my lawyer and asked for representation . She told me she would be there . We discussed the situation , and she represented me well . I won the case , and the debt was dropped .
trip to LOCATION	One summer I took a trip to LOCATION with some of my friends for fun . We left in the evening and drove all through the night . When we got to LOCATION , we went to a convention and some museums . The whole trip was really fun . We finally went home with great memories of our trip .	Last week I came back from LOCATION . The trip was absolutely amazing . I do n't think I had a better trip . We stayed for about three weeks . I ca n't wait to go back next year .	PERSON wanted to go to LOCATION . She wanted to look at her ancestry . So she decided to have a girls trip . But unfortunately her friends got sick . So she had to cancel the trip and could not go .	PERSON and her husband went on a trip to LOCATION . They thought it would be a romantic trip . The two of them went to stay at a fancy hotel . They saw all the landmarks . However to their surprise , PERSON got pregnant .	PERSON wanted to go away . She thought about going to LOCATION . She brought along some friends . On the plane ride there she met someone . They ended up getting together .
hike	PERSON loved to go hiking . She spent every summer doing it . One summer she went to the LOCATION LOCATION to hike . She was mesmerized by the scenic environment . She was exhausted afterwards but still enjoyed it .	PERSON loved to go hiking . She 'd always pester her friends to join her . One time her friends consented to come along . After two hours everybody except PERSON wanted to turn around . With a big grin on her face PERSON led them out of the woods .	A group of friends went on a hike . One of the friends tripped over a large root in the ground . She twisted her ankle badly . She hopped on her friend 's back . He carried her back to get medical treatment .	PERSON went hiking one morning . At first he was having a great time . Then a bee stung his arm ! PERSON was in a lot of pain . He had to end his hike early .	I decided to take a hike last weekend . I went up to the top of a near mountain . The view was breathtaking . I felt alive and in touch with nature . I took plenty of pictures before coming back .
paper	PERSON was an artist . He wanted to make a unique work of art . He decided to learn about paper mache . He studied it . He created paper mache works of art .	I used to come to school early to run . We were not supposed to leave once we got there . But my friend left his homework at home . I gave him a ride . We told the coach he left something in my car .	PERSON is taking three classes . Each class wanted her to write a paper . She was very overwhelmed . Fortunately , she was able to finish them all on time . She got an A on each one .	Our whole class was assigned an short paper for homework . I had completely forgotten about it when I left class . A couple of days later , one of my friends asked if I was done . I completely freaked out because I had forgotten about it . I had to stay up all night writing my paper .	PERSON forgot her school papers in her locker . She knew she had an essay to write . But she did not have the paper with the directions ! She hurriedly e-mailed her teacher for help . Luckily , he sent her a new copy of the paper .
ebay	My friend PERSON was an artist . He had a print he had purchased for $ 10 . He asked me to sell it on eBay . I sold it for $ 300 . He was so happy he bought me breakfast .	My sister in law contacted me yesterday . She had an old hook and a 1963 license plate . She asked me to see how they were selling for on eBay . I checked and found each item was worth $ 5 . She was disappointed and decided not to sell them .	I started selling on eBay in 2000 . I was amazed how much people would pay for collectibles . Soon family and friends gave me their things to sell . Often these items were worthless . I stopped selling because of this situation .	PERSON had a lot of junk that she wanted to get rid of . Her friend told her about eBay , so she made a new account . PERSON listed all of her stuff on eBay . After a few days , the stuff sold . PERSON then brought the stuff that sold to the post office and mailed it	Frank needed a need desk for his office . So Frank looked one up on Ebay . A bidding war was on the desk . Frank bid for the desk for several hours and eventually got it . Frank now has a new desk .
roses	PERSON brought flowers for his bride to be . The woman thanked him , and then started coughing . PERSON asked her what was wrong . She said she was allergic to roses . PERSON hurried off and bought some plastic flowers instead .	PERSON was getting married . She needed a bouquet , fast ! Her neighbor offered PERSON roses from his garden . PERSON picked them gratefully . She had a lovely fresh rose bouquet for her wedding !	PERSON was a hard working woman and a good wife . PERSON was her husband . One day PERSON surprised his wife . He left a trail of red rose petal leading to their bedroom . She appreciated the romantic gesture .	PERSON planted a rosebush on her lawn . That way , she thought , she 'd always have fresh roses ! But it did n't work out that way . The bush did well - until it flowered . The deer came and ate all PERSON 's roses !	PERSON was getting married but could n't afford a bouquet . She confided her trouble to her three kind neighbors . Then the nice ladies offered her a solution . They let Us pick several roses from each of their gardens . PERSON ended up with a beautiful hand picked bouquet !
the wallet	PERSON was walking down the street after school one day . He saw a backpack on the ground . Inside the backpack was a wallet with a hundred dollars . The wallet belonged to his neighbor . PERSON decided to keep the money instead of returning the wallet .	PERSON went to the beach . He put his wallet in his swim trunks . His sister threw him in the water . His wallet fell out and got lost . PERSON was angry at his sister .	PERSON was leaving the mall when she saw something . It was a wallet ! She picked it up and looked for a name or address . She called the owner and returned the wallet to him . He gave her a reward for her honesty .	PERSON was heading out for a walk . She found a wallet in the street . She looked in the wallet and found an address for the owner . She saw it was around the corner , and went to deliver it . The man was so happy , and PERSON felt good returning it .	Carol found a wallet in the park . She took out the wallet owners drivers license . To her surprise the lost wallet belonged to her grandfather . Carol happily returned the wallet to her grandfather . He awarded PERSON with money for an ice cream cone .
bad move	PERSON had a local coffee shop . He decided to have a blog . He posted a lot of personal information . Much of it was unsavory and hurt his business . PERSON was forced to shut down shortly after .	I met a girl from LOCATION named PERSON . I told her very frankly that I wanted to date her . She said she had a boyfriend back in LOCATION who had n't yet moved . I told her that what he did n't know would n't hurt him . She responded by slapping me right across the face !	I took my book bag from the desk and headed to school . I walked inside my classes and sat down . When the teacher asked for the homework , I searched by book bag . I could n't find it although I placed it there last night . Later that day , my mom told me that she moved it .	Seven days ago i had my furniture move from a storage . The company that I hired promise me the delivery of three days . It was four days before i received my furniture . Some of my furniture was missing when they arrived at my home . I file a complaint and got partially refund .	PERSON bought some stock . She thought it would go up . But the opposite happened . It crashed . So she lost money .
the sting	PERSON was at his brother 's farm picking peaches . He got too close to a bee hive . PERSON got stung by two bees . He ran all the way back to his brother 's house . His sister-in-law gave PERSON some ointment .	PERSON loved to play in the garden . However , bees loved to collect nectar from flowers . One day a bee stung PERSON 's finger . PERSON put ointment on the sting . PERSON 's finger healed .	I saw The Sting in 1973 . When I was in the lobby I saw a high school classmate was the usher . He let me in for free but I had to go in just as the movie was ending . Thus , I saw the surprise ending first . I still liked the movie .	PERSON never thought he 'd get caught picking up a hooker . He usually drives right past a girl selling herself . The other day , however , he saw an Asian girl standing alone outside . He drove up on the side of her and asked for her company . She took his money for sex , then the police came from behind his car .	PERSON ran across the beach and dove into the ocean . The cool water felt good to him as he swam . When PERSON was neck deep in water he felt something on his leg . A jellyfish had stung PERSON ! He winced in pain and slowly Came swam back ashore .
adoption	PERSON walked to school every day . One day while walking , PERSON saw a small kitten all alone . The kitten looked scared and PERSON felt bad for it . PERSON reached down the pick up the kitten . As PERSON reached out , the kitten 's mother leaped out and bit PERSON !	PERSON and PERSON wanted a baby . Unfortunately , PERSON could n't get pregnant . A friend suggested an adoption agency . They signed up with the agency and went through the program . They now have a baby girl .	PERSON wanted to adopt a kitten . She found one she really liked with black and gray spots . The owner decided not to adopt the kitten out . PERSON went home feeling defeated . The owner called a day later to say she had changed her mind .	PERSON was walking to school . But he saw a lost cat . He decided to take it to school and tied it up to a pole . But after school , the cat was gone . He saw someone carrying the cat .	PERSON had been wanting a cat for her entire life . She always researched the best breeds , food , and toys . One day , PERSON finally went to the animal shelter to pick one out . She decided to adopt a big , fluffy PERSON PERSON cat ! PERSON was thrilled to have a new best friend forever .
report	PERSON was working in an office . His boss asked him to file a report . He was caught off guard by this request . He struggled to complete it in time . Eventually , he completed the report .	PERSON had to do an oral report . She was very nervous . At first she was hesitant and stuttered . But then she began to speak confidently . In the end , her report was graded very highly !	PERSON could barely stay awake in class . He was up all night finishing his report . While exhausted , he was glad it was over . Suddenly , the calendar caught PERSON 's eye . The report was due next week .	PERSON had to write a report for work . But as he had slept most of the day , he had no clue what to write . He did n't feel like lying . So he took the higher road and told the truth to his boss . He got reprimanded but felt better about himself for being honest .	PERSON needed to write a report on Killer Whales . She went to the library . While at the library , she learned Killer Whales are Orca Whales . She wrote that in her essay . Her teacher gave her an A.
the speech	PERSON had a speech to do in front of the school . PERSON practiced his speech and was ready . It was time for PERSON to give his speech . PERSON accidentally burped on the microphone . He got nervous and forgot the rest of his speech .	PERSON had to give a speech to the board of directors . She was very nervous about it . A promotion was on the line . During the speech she threw up in her mouth . She swallowed it and barely finished the speech .	PERSON was getting ready for a speech at his school . He stood in the mirror and practiced in his room . PERSON gave the speech to his parents . PERSON went to school on the day of the speech . PERSON gave his speech to the other students .	PERSON had to give a speech for class . He was very anxious about it . His uncle had taught him breathing exercises to calm his nerves . He took slow deep breaths before his speech . He minimized his level of anxiety and gave a great speech .	John , the CEO of the company , got up . He was giving a speech to the company . He stood behind the lectern and delivered his speech . It was a very powerful speech . All of the employees agreed that it was a great speech .
traveling	PERSON had a pitch to give . He got on a plane . It landed in LOCATION LOCATION . He went to the client office . They really liked the pitch .	PERSON wanted to see LOCATION . She got a job to save up money to travel . After a few months , PERSON had enough saved to go on a trip . PERSON bought a bus ticket and booked a hotel . She was very excited to start seeing the country .	I was moving from LOCATION to LOCATION . I was taking a bus across the country . I showed up the the bus station . I gave the man my ticket . I rode the bus for days until I arrived .	PERSON cousin was moving from LOCATION LOCATION to LOCATION . Her cousin had a truck and was driving there . But did n't want to go alone . So PERSON went to LOCATION LOCATION to drive with her cousin . They drove towards LOCATION and had a good trip .	PERSON loved to travel the world . She took many trips with her friends and family to different places . PERSON loved to explore places that she had never been . As a surprise gift , PERSON 's parents sent her on a trip to LOCATION . PERSON loved LOCATION and explored it as much as she could .
fishing	PERSON and his father went fishing . They went to an ocean on long island . PERSON 's father taught him how to fish . PERSON ended up catching a sea bass . They have a great time .	I went to the lake to go fishing . I climbed into a boat and rowed out to the middle of the lake . I threw my lure into the lake and waited to catch a fish . I saw a tug on my fishing line . I reeled in a big fish .	I went to the pond behind my house . We used crickets . I caught a brim . I let it go . My friend did n't catch anything .	I used to go fishing with my dad . He was a really good fisherman . He would always catch a lot of fish , a whole lot more than me . We would always eat the fish we would catch . I miss going fishing with my dad .	PERSON loved fishing . She learned everything from her father . A local newspaper did an article on her exploits . She became well known . PERSON teaches classes thanks to the newspaper article .
out of toilet paper	PERSON rushed into the bathroom to poop . He did n't realize that there was no toilet paper left . When he finished he had to waddle out to the kitchen . He got napkins and used those to wipe . It was very uncomfortable for PERSON .	PERSON was using the restroom . He did n't realize they were out of toilet paper . He had to stand up and go to the kitchen . PERSON got napkins and used those . PERSON immediately went to buy more after .	PERSON needed to use the restroom . He did n't realize there was no more toilet paper . He had to use napkins instead . That involved waddling to the kitchen . He made sure to stock up after that .	PERSON went to the store . She went especially to get toilet paper . When she was shopping she got distracted and bought lots of candy . She completely forgot about the toilet paper . She remembered when she was on the toilet and there was none .	PERSON was using the restroom . He realized there was no toilet paper left . He had to use napkins to clean himself . PERSON was uncomfortable . He bought more toilet paper immediately .
cars	My car was in the shop . I got a loaner from the dealer for several days . I actually liked the loaner more than my car . I joked with my wife that maybe they 'd just keep my car . But on the way to get my car , the loaner broke down .	PERSON like to drive her car . She did n't have a license though . She still drove her car around . She got pulled over by the police . She was sent to jail .	PERSON was interested in buying a new car . He went to the dealership . He bought a brand new car . He disliked the wheels on the car . He purchased new wheels and fell in love with his car .	PERSON was interested in his family 's history of designing cars . He decided to give it a shot himself . His designs were crude . However , with lots of time he was able to rework them . Now he is mass producing them and they are selling well .	PERSON loved cars . But he could barely afford to pay his bills . He could n't resist buying new parts for his car however . And he had several other cars in his garage . But eventually , PERSON had to sell all of them to keep his house .
the necklace	Jan was turning 50 . Her husband bought her a beautiful necklace . He wrapped it up and gave it to her at her party . It was sparkly and beautiful ! Jan put it on immediately .	PERSON had a birthday . Her husband handed her a present . It was a beautiful diamond necklace ! PERSON put it on immediately . She could n't wait to show it off to everyone !	PERSON loved jewelry . She bought a new necklace for her birthday . All her friends complimented it when she went out that night . They all asked where they could buy one . Penny 's jewelry made everyone else want to wear jewelry .	PERSON wanted to purchase a necklace for PERSON 's Christmas gift . He went to the jewelry store to look at necklaces . The one he wanted was too expensive . He went home and searched online . He was very happy to find one similar for $ 80 less than in store .	PERSON wanted to buy her mother something special . She looked at the necklaces in the jeweler 's case . She settled on a beautiful ruby necklace . The jeweler wrapped it up for her . She could n't wait to give it to her mother .
sandwich	I took three bites of a sandwich . The sandwich tasted terrible . I looked inside the sandwich . It was full of raspberry jam instead of strawberry . I threw the sandwich in the trash .	PERSON sat by a pond holding a sandwich . His phone rang and he put his sandwich on a rock to answer . He talked for five minutes with a dear friend . When he disconnected , the sandwich was gone . After looking around him , he finally saw it at the bottom of the pond .	The man made a sandwich . He put on a lot of mustard . He took the sandwich to work . The mustard soaked into the bread . The sandwich looked disgusting by lunch time .	Tristan wanted to make a sandwich . He unfortunately did not have any bread to use . Tristan had to take a trip to the supermarket to get some bread . Thankfully they had the bread that Tristan wanted , so he bought it . When he got home , PERSON was finally able to make his sandwich .	PERSON loved sandwiches . He tried every sandwich shop in the city . He found one place he had never tried before . He loved their sandwiches . He began frequenting his new favorite sandwich shop .
retirement	PERSON had worked at his job for decades . He decided to finally retire . Everyone at work was sad to see him leave . They threw him a going away party . PERSON had a very friendly send off .	PERSON was a very frugal man . He never ate out and drove an old car . His co-workers thought he was nuts . Instead , PERSON put his money into his savings and retirement accounts . He ended up retiring ten years before all his colleagues .	PERSON was retired . He was bored . He decided to work in order to not be bored . He took a low paying , but fun job . PERSON loved his new work situation and life .	PERSON was about to retire . She wanted to buy a little house . She tried everywhere to apply for a loan . PERSON could n't get a loan from any source . She died in a little leaky apartment .	PERSON has been playing professional basketball for 19 years . He decides this will be his last year . PERSON announces his retirement to the press . He has a bittersweet interview about his retirement . PERSON is relieved that he will retire at the end of the season .
PERSON saves the day	PERSON 's dad owned his own company . His dad died of a heart attack . PERSON did n't know much about the company , but would n't give up . PERSON kept practicing and kept getting better . PERSON made the big sale and saved the company .	PERSON was eating out at a Restaurant . He was enjoying a good steak dinner . He hears a woman start to choke the table near him . PERSON rushes over to the woman . He performs the Heimlich Maneuver and saves the ladies life .	I was having a barbeque with a couple of friends . My friends brought soda , chips and dip . For the party , I provided hot dogs and hamburgers . While grilling the hot dogs , I noticed I did not have buns . Luckily , my friend PERSON brought extra buns with him .	PERSON walked by a car and heard a baby crying from inside . He looked around for help , but no one was there . It was hot outside and he could n't walk away and leave the baby . He grabbed a rock , smashed the window and extracted the crying baby . The mother arrived moments later , and was relieved instead of angry .	PERSON 's football team was down by three points late in the game . The quarterback got the team into field goal range . PERSON would attempt a field goal as time expired . The ball was snapped to the holder . PERSON tied the game with a made field goal .
PERSON fails	PERSON is given an assignment . PERSON does not spend much time on it . He plays video games instead . The next day in school he gives his presentation . He is given a failing grade for poor performance .	PERSON is trying to raise money for new shoes . The shoes he has are worn and dirty . PERSON works everyday to make enough . PERSON can not make enough money for the shoes . PERSON did not raise enough money for new shoes and kept his old ones .	PERSON has always liked playing basketball . His dream is to become an NBA player . He practices day and night to get better . He finally gets a tryout for a team . PERSON has a poor performance and they do not sign him .	PERSON has a big test coming up . The night before he goes out . He drinks himself drunk . The next day he takes the test . He fails the test badly .	PERSON had a big test on monday . He studied hard until the day of the test . The day of the test came . PERSON was so nervous . He failed his test badly .
alarm clock	PERSON was angry about how often his neighbors would party . They had loud parties at night and even some mornings . PERSON angrily woke up at 10 AM to the sound of loud music . But then he remembered he had work in 30 minutes . This time , PERSON was happy about his neighbor 's party .	It was PERSON 's first day at his new job . He set his alarm clock to wake him up early . He was so nervous that he got no sleep the night before . He got out of bed before the alarm went off . He threw the alarm clock in the trash on his way out the door .	Amber always slept in late . Problem was she has a child that needs to get up early to go to school She often overslept . Her child missed the buss a lot . She got a new alarm clock that she could wake up to .	PERSON woke up one morning to his alarm clock . His alarm clock beeped loudly . It woke him up from his deep sound sleep . He immediately jumped up and put on his clothes . After getting dressed , he disabled his alarm clock .	I hated waking up in the morning . I decided to throw away my alarm clock . Now , I could wake up naturally instead of forcing it . Alas , I ended up sleeping ten hours every night . I realized I needed an alarm clock to avoid sleeping too much .
PERSON 's new job	PERSON moved to LOCATION after college . She rented a room from a friend and searched for jobs . After many weeks she had an interview with a tech company . Knowing a lot about technology , PERSON aced her interview . She was extremely excited to learn she got the job .	PERSON could n't find a job after he graduated college . When he ran out of money he moved into his mom 's basement . Finally PERSON got an interview with a great company . He prepared as well as he could for the interview . When he got the job , PERSON felt great .	It was PERSON 's first day at a new job . He was very nervous about starting . His best friend told him to relax , as everything would be fine . PERSON decided to follow his advice . He was pleasantly surprised to find that everyone was friendly .	PERSON worked tending a bar at night . She was tired of the hours . PERSON began to look for a new job . She applied for a job at a local bank . PERSON was hired at the bank and quit her bar job .	PERSON was working as an assistant to the music director at a church . She had worked in that position for six years . The financial secretary at the church resigned her position . PERSON applied for the financial secretary position . A few weeks later she heard back that she had got the job .
long line	PERSON went into a coffee shop to get a drink . PERSON saw the line was very long . He felt uncertain if it would be worth the wait . He went ahead and got in line . After twenty minutes , PERSON finally got his cafe mocha !	PERSON was going to the club with friends . There was a long line outside . The wait was about half an hour . PERSON 's friends wanted to wait . PERSON did n't and went home .	PERSON took her two kids to LOCATION . The first ride they wanted to ride has a four hour wait . PERSON did not want to wait but she did to make her kids happy . After four hours they were still not on the ride . The ride broke down and they had to wait another three hours .	I was at my favorite burger joint . There was a gigantic line . I was really bored . I decided to listen to music to pass the time . The music made it so that the wait was n't so bad at all .	PERSON had run out of allergy medication . PERSON asked her husband to pick up her prescription . He drove by the pharmacy on his way home from work . The line at the drive through window was 6 cars long . He decided to go back later .
new shirt	I bought a new shirt last week . I really liked it at first . Then I noticed it was really itchy . I was n't sure what caused the itch . I had to wind up returning it even though it looked good .	PERSON wanted a new shirt . The one she wanted was too expensive . She decided to save up . When she finally had enough , the shirt she wanted was gone . PERSON was disappointed .	PERSON wanted a new shirt . He did not have enough money to go shopping . He decided to get a job to help . He finally saved up enough . PERSON was glad he learned how to save .	PERSON went to the mall to shop for a new shirt . While walking through the mall she noticed this nice shirt . She tried it on and loved how she looked in it . She bought it and could n't wait to wear it at work the following day . PERSON got a lot of compliments on her new shirt that day .	Today I got a new green shirt . Since I got the shirt I have had great luck . I found two hundred dollars on the sidewalk . This shirt is my new good luck charm . I decided to wear this shirt everyday to bring me more luck .
wedding dress	Grace wanted to look her very best on her wedding day . She spent three months eating healthy and exercising . She even bought a wedding dress two sizes smaller to wear . She planned on using the dresses size as her ideal weight loss goal . Grace was eventually able to wear the wedding dress .	PERSON was very happy with her white wedding dress . She loved twirling in it and showing it around . Her friend asked her to come outside for a picture . She agreed and walked on the grass . When she came back home , the bottom of her dress was now green .	PERSON was getting married to PERSON . She could not afford to buy a wedding dress . She bought a sewing machine and white fabric . She sewed her own wedding dress . PERSON told PERSON she looked beautiful in her wedding dress .	PERSON recently got engaged and was excited to go dress shopping . Her friends all met up at a store to look for a dress . PERSON started to try some dresses on , but was quickly disappointed . None of the dresses fit ! Now PERSON has to look online for plus size dresses .	PERSON went to the store to try on wedding dresses . The zipper broke on the first dress she tried on . The salesperson had to cut her out of the dress . PERSON really liked that dress though . She ended up buying it anyway .
breakup	My wife 's niece had a boyfriend when she was fifteen . She was wildly in love . Her Facebook posts were very romantic . At eighteen she went away to college and broke up with her boyfriend . She is now dating a man she met in college .	One of my daughter 's friends got married a few days ago . One of her bridesmaids was depressed . She had just broken up with her boyfriend . She left his home and moved back in with her mom . The other bridesmaids gave her their support .	A long time ago I had a not-so-serious girlfriend . We got along fine but we wanted different things in life . We ended up breaking up after a few months . I was very upset at first but eventually got over it . I learned a lot from that relationship and feel better because of it .	PERSON and PERSON had been dating for six years . They shared all the same friends . They broke up causing a very awkward tension in the group . Nobody knew whose side they should choose . Luckily within a week PERSON and PERSON were back together .	PERSON was acting very sad lately and none of us were sure why ! After about a week we finally asked her what was wrong . She told us that her boyfriend just recently broke up with her . All of us were very sad for her . After a few more weeks PERSON got over it a bit and was n't as upset .
game show	A man wanted to compete on a TV game show . He took an online qualification test . A few weeks later , he was notified that he had passed . He flew out to LOCATION LOCATION . The game went well for him .	A family went on a gameshow . The host asked them a sensitive question . They talked about it for a while . They decided not to answer . The family lost the game .	PERSON applied to be on a game show because he 's very smart . PERSON was approved and flown to tape the game show . PERSON was very nervous . He even shook when he introduced himself . PERSON wound up winning thousands of dollars .	PERSON was the last contestant on the game show . He had to roll a 3 on the dice in order to win a million dollars . His palms were sweaty as he threw the dice . His jaw dropped as he saw the dice land on the number 3 . He spent his winnings on a brand new car .	PERSON was selected to appear on a TV game show . She travelled to LOCATION to appear on the show . PERSON played the game but soon found herself losing badly . After the final round , PERSON came in last place . PERSON was upset she lost , but the experience was very fun and memorable .
running	PERSON hated to run , but she felt out of shape . A friend suggested she try a specialized running program . PERSON reluctantly agreed . The first week of running felt like torture . By the eighth week , PERSON could easily run a 5k .	PERSON was a dedicated athlete . She ran every single day no matter what . It snowed heavily , but she still went running on the track . Unfortunately , due to the conditions she slipped and twisted her ankle Now she 's much more careful about when she runs .	PERSON went running outside every morning at 5 am . One morning in the winter it was very dark . He was not wearing his caution reflectors . A car came very close and shot a rock at his leg . It scared PERSON , now he only runs in the daytime .	PERSON was a great runner . She was always out running . PERSON was in great shape and was going to enter a race . The day of the race came and she was ready . She ran amazingly and finished first .	PERSON was always an avid runner . She was a track star in high school and ran multiple marathons . One day , PERSON woke up with a searing pain in her knee . She went to the doctor who told her she needed knee surgery . PERSON rehabbed hard , only a few months later she was running again .
the snow day	PERSON woke up to find a thick layer of snow outside . She was ecstatic when she found out school was cancelled . PERSON planned some fun activities for the day . However , before these activities , she decided she would sleep more . She was upset when she woke up that evening to find she slept all day .	PERSON hated to go to school . She wished for a snow day so school would be canceled . PERSON prayed nightly for snow to come to her town . One morning , PERSON woke up to a huge blizzard ! PERSON then found out that it was a Saturday and there was no school !	PERSON was late on finishing a paper . He had waited until the night before to write it . PERSON stayed up all night writing his paper . The next day , school was called off because of a snowstorm . PERSON did n't have to hand in the paper , and he was annoyed .	PERSON and PERSON were ecstatic when they woke up and saw all the snow . They knew school would be cancelled ! They spent their day building a fort out of snow . They worked well together but became cold and exhausted . Their mother made them hot chocolate to help them recuperate .	I was attending class one day . Suddenly , we noticed that it began to snow very hard . Our teacher told us to be calm and called the principal . Shortly after , the principal 's voice came over the intercom . She told us that we would be let off school early to avoid any danger .
deer	PERSON was in the car asleep as the family drove on the highway . She awoke as the car stopped at a gas station . She looked out the window to see a brown shape out of the tarp . She realized it was a the head of a Deer . She let out a startled cry and ran into the gas station .	PERSON had a loaf of bread that went stale . She did not want to waste food , so she took it outside . There , she tossed it over the backyard fence . Overnight , the deer and raccoons came to eat the bread . In the morning it was all gone !	The deer in the field show up every year . This year there were more than normal . When hunting season came , the deer scattered . After hunting season , the deer showed back up . There were n't as many this time .	Some deer were in my backyard this morning . Later , I saw them in the neighbor 's yard . Then a turkey scared them away . I did n't see the deer again . The turkey spent the night in my shrubs .	The group was going to sing at a concert . As they were driving along , a deer ran right into their car . The deer bounced off and ran into the field . There was a dent in the car and deer spit on the window . Everyone felt relieved that there was n't more damage .
deodorant	PERSON was out of deodorant . So he drove to the store to get more . His favorite brand was degree . He got himself a two pack . PERSON was no longer out of deodorant .	I found a new deodorant I really liked . The scent was light and delicate . I purchased it and headed to the checkout lane . I told the cashier how much I loved it . She laughed and said it was her favorite too .	PERSON was dating a nice lady . Soon , they were in a relationship together for months . His girlfriend informed him that he regularly smelled bad . PERSON never wore deodorant before this . PERSON began wearing deodorant to the delight of his girlfriend .	My deodorant started giving me a rash . I had to stop using it right away and find a new brand . I bought a new brand and it worked very well . After a few weeks of no rash I decided it was good . I stuck with this new brand of deodorant afterwards .	PERSON took off her shirt . She put on deodorant . She smelled her armpits . They smelled like daisies . She put her shirt back on and went to her date .
show off	PERSON loves to dance . All of his friends were dancing . PERSON wanted to impress them . He did the splits . PERSON is now in the hospital .	PERSON went faster and faster down the hill . He was trying to impress a group of girls at the bottom of the hill . He skidded to a stop just past the girls . The girls started laughing . He noticed his seat lying half way up the hill .	PERSON was trying to impress his boyfriend . He flexed his arms and tried to lift their car . Unfortunately , it had been left in neutral with the parking brake off . The car rolled backwards right over PERSON . His boyfriend watched helplessly as he was crushed under it .	PERSON decided to buy a large gold necklace . He thought that it would impress those around him . People found the necklace obnoxious , however . But PERSON thought everyone was jealous . And he spent more and more money on flashy jewelry .	PERSON spent thousands of dollars on a high end computer . He also bought a new desk and several gaming peripherals . He took pictures of everything and posted them on a gaming forum . And everyone was impressed by PERSON 's room and new computer . PERSON felt proud of everything he bought .
bugs	Lily hated mosquitoes ! They flew around her room all night bothering her and keeping her up . Then she thought of a solution . She bought a big bug bomb , shut her door , and set it off in her room . Within an hour every mosquito was dead !	My new house has an infestation of fruit flies . I looked online for a way to get rid of them . The proper removal method is with a fruity , vinegary trap . Now I have no fruit flies and a very gross bottle of dead flies . I kind of miss them .	I was in my room . Suddenly I saw two bugs . I got scared . I sprayed the entire room with bug spray . After that I never saw bugs in my room again .	PERSON loved bugs . He liked to turn over rocks to try to find bugs . One day he found lots of worms and spiders . The rock he was looking under fell on his finger . He needed to go to the doctor and have his finger checked out .	PERSON hated bugs . It was a warm day during the summer . And a whole swarm of mosquitos gathered around tom . He started to swat them away . But they were so energetic he ended up running inside his house .
shorts	I was playing with my dog in the backyard . Suddenly , he bit my shorts . The shorts were ripped through the pocket ! I had to throw the shorts away . I learned to be more careful when playing with my dog .	I own two pairs of shorts . One fits very well . I wondered why the other did not fit . I found it was a size narrower , and ordered another pair . I was sure I could not lose weight to fit into the smaller pair .	I went to the store to buy a pair of shorts . I wore them to track practice . I was told that they were racing shorts . My coach did n't let me wear them to practice anymore . I kept them but did n't wear them much .	PERSON wanted a pair of jean shorts for the summer . He shopped around , but every store was too expensive . Then he decided to try to make his own . He carefully cut the legs off an old pair of jeans . Soon he had a homemade new pair of jean shorts !	PERSON hated showing her legs . But she was going to the theme park and it was ninety degrees ! She compromised and wore capri pants . She thought people would stare at her fat legs , but nobody did . She ended up feeling very comfortable !
basketball injury	PERSON tried out for a basketball team . After trying out , PERSON made the team and had to start practicing . PERSON was told about a first game against a rival school . On the day of the game , glen broke his ankle . PERSON had to skip the game and quit the team .	PERSON was on the basketball team . One day she was at practice and jumped up for the ball . As she jumped she landed on her ankle too hard . PERSON was in pain and had to go to the ER . She had fractured her bone .	PERSON was playing basketball . As she went for a lay up , she fell hard and heard a pop . She could not get up . The trainers rushed over . PERSON had dislocated her knee .	PERSON was playing basketball with his childhood friends . PERSON was going for a dunk , when he sprained his arm on the net . PERSON was in so much pain , that his friends administered medical aid . PERSON 's friends were able to stop the swelling by wrapping his hands . PERSON was appreciative his friends were there to help with his injury .	PERSON was playing basketball . As she was playing , she jammed her fingers . She did not want to go to the doctor . The pain got worse and her mom sent her to the ER . PERSON had broken two fingers .
windy day	PERSON took her kite to the park . She hoped there would be enough wind to fly it . When she arrived , though , she found a different problem . The wind was so strong , she almost lost her kite ! Kia had to grip it very tightly !	It was a windy day . PERSON made his way down the street , holding onto his hat . A strong gust engulfed him . In his surprise , he let go of his umbrella . The umbrella tumbled down the sidewalk .	It was very windy and rainy outside . PERSON took her umbrella with her when she left . But as she walked , the wind increased . The umbrella was ripped from her hands and carried away ! Poor PERSON had to walk with no umbrella .	PERSON was walking to work . It was a particularly windy day . A strong gust knocked PERSON over . He fell into a puddle . PERSON had to work the entire day wet .	PERSON was going sailing with friends . They had planned it for months . The day they were set to leave had storm warnings . PERSON noticed that the wind was really picking up . They decided to reschedule just to be safe .
savings	Oni worked hard to save money . She decided to start college funds for her sons , PERSON and PERSON . She saved every dollar she could . When PERSON and PERSON turned 18 , Oni was so proud . She could afford college for both of them - entirely !	Parents opened a savings account for their daughter . She saved her pennies . They deposited it every Friday . She began to see it grow . She bought a toy with her money .	PERSON was an author . PERSON had no savings . PERSON needed his next book to sell well . His next book sold well . PERSON contributed to his savings accounts significantly .	PERSON decided to always have at least $ 600 in his bank account . But he wanted to buy something . Afterwards , he decided he would always have at least $ 500 . Eventually , his account balance became lower and lower . PERSON was left with no money .	PERSON had no retirement savings . She started to invest in her 401K . She contributed as much as she could . In 10 Years , she had caught up . She was on track to retire !
the deer	PERSON sat in his tree stand . He was looking for a deer . He saw one cross the field . He fired a shot and it fell . PERSON loved deer hunting every year .	PERSON was hoping to see some wildlife on her hike . There were lots of deer and coyotes in the area . It had been a harsh spring , so they were very active looking for food . PERSON spotted several of each species . She took lots of pictures and wrote about it in her field journal .	One day PERSON and PERSON went for a walk in the woods . They were walking quietly enough that they came across a deer . The deer was eating and did not move until PERSON sneezed . The deer looked at PERSON and PERSON for a moment and bolted . PERSON and PERSON tried to follow it but they were not able to find him .	PERSON lived in the Alaskan wilderness . One winter , food was scarce . PERSON was beginning to starve . One day , PERSON caught a deer . He finally had enough food to survive the winter .	PERSON was driving along the main road . It was dark out . PERSON saw a deer ahead and stopped . It was a good thing PERSON had stopped . A whole family of deer started crossing the road .
brothers	PERSON missed his brother PERSON . He called and invited PERSON over for dinner . That weekend PERSON came to eat dinner . The two brothers chatted and caught up . PERSON was so glad to have seen his brother !	PERSON had a baby brother . He taught him how to stand and walk . He taught him different things over the next 10 years . PERSON then left to go to college . PERSON and his brother remain close to this day .	Little PERSON did n't want a new baby brother ! But he was stuck being a big brother now . He decided to try to make the best of it . He began to play with the baby every day . Soon PERSON realized that he loved and adored his baby brother !	PERSON had n't seen his brother PERSON for over ten years . When they met again , they barely recognized each other . PERSON had a beard and PERSON was bald . Despite their physical changes , they hit it off very fast . And they swore they 'd never get out of touch again .	PERSON was playing baseball in the house . He knocked over a china teapot . The teapot fell to the floor and broke . PERSON blamed it on his two year old brother . He was relieved that he would n't get in trouble .
early	I woke up extra early . I wanted to take a shower and eat breakfast . I got sidetracked , however . I started cleaning the house . I cleaned the entire house before I was able to shower .	PERSON wanted to spend more time with her mom . So when her mom invited her to go out one morning , PERSON agreed . They left at 9 AM and went to several garage sales . PERSON had hated getting up so early . But she loved spending time with her mother !	PERSON was taking the bus to work one day . She was n't used to it and did n't know the schedule . To be safe she arrived thirty minutes early to catch it . She was bummed when she had to wait so long for it . Luckily the bus did finally arrive to pick her up .	My brother sent me an email at 5:50 in the morning . He had gotten up to make breakfast for his daughter . She is 36 years old and works . He still gets up early for her . I told him he should really cut the cord .	I woke up early . I grabbed a coffee . I told them I wanted it black . They gave it to me quickly . I rushed to work .
abuse	PERSON was mean to her kids . She hit them with anything . One day she hit them too hard . They fell to the floor . They all died from the pain .	He told her it was n't abuse . She asked him what he thought abuse was . He said hitting , black eyes and broken bones . She told him using cruel language and calling her names was too . He scoffed and told her she was just a crybaby .	The child suffered abuse . The child got counseling . The child wanted to help other children when he grew up . He became a counselor . He helped other children who suffered abuse .	PERSON found out that his child was kidnapped . He did not take the news well . He took his anger out on his wife . PERSON began beating his wife . She called the cops and he went to jail .	PERSON drank beer a lot . He was abusing alcohol . One day his liver started failing . It was because of the alcohol . He died from severe liver damage .
groceries	I got into my car . I drove it to the store . I bought several groceries . I went to the cashier with my items and paid for them . Then I wheeled my cart to my car , unloaded , then went home .	Fred never used a shopping list . Instead , he went to the store and bought whatever he felt like . So he bought tons of groceries . And he imagined lots of great food he could make . But he only used half of the food he bought before it expired .	PERSON hated grocery shopping . Her friend PERSON loved to grocery shop . They decided to grocery shop together . During their trip , they got stuck behind a lady with many kids . Now they both dislike grocery shopping .	PERSON 's cupboards were bare . She decided to go shopping . She went to the store and bought lots of food . Then she took it home and put it away . PERSON 's cupboards were n't bare any more !	I needed to get groceries yesterday . I walked to the store instead of driving . On the way , I thought about what I needed to buy . I took my list into the store with me . I bought everything on the list , and had trouble carrying it home .
bad order	Frank wanted a new controller for his game console . He found the controller online and ordered it . After waiting a week , the package arrived in the mail . When he opened it up , it was the wrong item . Frank sent the package back and received a refund .	PERSON went to a steak restaurant . When she ordered a steak it had issues . She had to send it back . Yet when she got it back it had a bite out of it . PERSON was horrified .	Yesterday my family ordered hamburgers . I ordered a burger without cheese . Unfortunately they gave me cheese . I was quite irritated . As a result I had to return it .	PERSON had to buy a certain pair of stockings for dance camp . She searched online for the right stocking size . She found a pair priced real cheap online . They arrived on time but had a huge rip on one of the legs . PERSON had to rush order a new pair from a different store .	PERSON and his friends went to the local Italian restaurant yesterday . The boys had a good time . The only problem was that the food was cold . The boys sent the food back . Thankfully they got the meal for free .
inheritance	PERSON 's grandfather had passed away . PERSON was sad , as he and his grandfather were close . What he did n't know was that PERSON had inherited a small fortune . When PERSON received the letter in the mail , he could n't believe it . He was thankful for his grandfather 's thoughtful act .	PERSON was kind of a bum . He did n't do very with his life . But one day he got news his grandparents had passed away . They left PERSON an inheritance of a couple million dollars . PERSON invested in ten startups and is now a multi billionaire .	Pearl had received a small inheritance from her grandmother . She was really excited to get things she had been needing . She did not take care of her money . It was all spent in no time . She was really upset with herself for not budgeting .	Because PERSON lost her job , she was about to lose her home . A friend let her stay with him until she got back on her feet . It had been 6 months since she lost everything and was still jobless . PERSON 's friend was tired of her and gave her a week to move out . The next day PERSON got a letter saying she inherited her aunt 's estate .	My friend 's mother was disinherited . She was a Pole who married an Italian . Her father was very well to do . Later in life , he reconciled with his daughter . When he died , he left her $ 1,000,000 .
car	PERSON was driving to work as he does every morning . He saw people in the car next to trying to get his attention . The people began acting silly . He saw that they were making very silly faces . PERSON laughed out loud in response .	John really wanted a new car for his first year at university . PERSON got a job in construction for the Summer . PERSON worked as many hours as he could . PERSON saved up almost eight thousand dollars over three months . PERSON got his new car prior to starting college that Fall !	It was a rainy night . I was driving along the road when a red car sped past me . The red car spun out of control . The driver stopped the car . I drove past the red car .	PERSON had always wanted a car . The only issue was they were very expensive . He had to save money for many years . Finally , he was able to buy a car . Now , PERSON drives everywhere with his car .	PERSON was in the market for a new car . PERSON browsed classified ads online and in newspapers . PERSON did not find anything he liked . PERSON went to a used car dealership . John found a wonderful used vehicle that he purchased .
poker game	The chair I was sitting in had a broken leg . It was our last hand of poker . I was anxious and I could n't stop wobbling in my chair . The other players could tell I had a really good hand . I stood up as I folded .	PERSON was playing poker with his friends . He was n't having any luck . PERSON lost forty dollars . PERSON 's wife found out he lost all the money . PERSON 's wife fussed at him .	PERSON was playing poker with his friends . They were loud and making too much noise . PERSON and his friends left a mess in the kitchen . PERSON 's wife was upset at the noise and mess . She did n't let them have poker at their house for months .	PERSON was playing poker with her friends at her house tonight . They gambled for pocket change but took it pretty competitively . PERSON was up against her best friend PERSON as the last two standing . PERSON went all in and won the game on a pair of twos . PERSON bought pizza for all her friends with the money that she won .	PERSON was invited to a poker game . He had never played before . He broke even and had fun . PERSON went online to learn more about it . He played with friends more often .
the ex	I was out shopping for Christmas this past weekend by myself . My husband called me , very upset about something on FaceBook . I looked on my phone and my ex had tagged me with lovey dovey stuff . I raced home and convinced my husband I only wanted to be with him . My husband calmed down and we deleted the tag together .	Drew just broke up with his girlfriend . He felt bad but he just was n't in love anymore . He wanted to take some time and focus on his job . After a month Drew realized he was very lonely . He called his ex and now they are together again .	PERSON was in the grocery store . Suddenly , she saw someone very familiar - her ex boyfriend . He caught her eye , and ignored her . PERSON felt uncomfortable and decided to end her shopping trip . She went home and felt depressed the rest of the day .	Someone mailed a man 's wallet to PERSON . It belonged to her ex-husband , PERSON . They were not on talking terms , but she called him to let him know . They met downtown to exchange the wallet . PERSON felt like she was meeting up with a stranger .	PERSON had n't seen his ex girlfriend in a while . He missed her a bit . PERSON called his ex to see if she wanted to have dinner . She told him she was now engaged . PERSON hung up the phone upset and sad .
all nighter	PERSON was taking an advanced reading class . The teacher asked for the students to finish a novel by tomorrow . PERSON got home and forgot about the assignment for hours . It was bedtime when she remembered she was suppose to be reading . PERSON stayed up all night and finished the novel on time .	PERSON was drowning in homework that he had procrastinated . He had physics , calculus , and chemistry to work on . He spent all night working on all of that homework . He did not sleep that night . PERSON was almost a zombie the next day .	PERSON had a science test the next morning at 11 AM . So she stayed up all night studying . She tried to force herself to stay awake . But when she woke up , it was 2 PM . And PERSON regret trying to stay up all night to study .	PERSON loves to learn about animals . She stayed up late one night on wikipedia . She clicked through articles , absorbing every fact she could . She looked out the window and noticed the sun was coming up . She slept all day and did the same thing the next night .	PERSON had an important test in the morning . He decided to stay up all night cramming . PERSON passed out in the very early morning . He slept so hard that he did n't hear his alarm . Tim wound up missing the test entirely .
big break	PERSON had dreams of being a singer . He practiced every day , despite his neighbours complaints . He once went along to a meet and greet with a music producer . PERSON took along a demo CD like many other people there . To his amazement , the producer loved PERSON and wanted to take him on .	PERSON was a struggling actor . He went to several auditions . He finally got a call back on one of them . PERSON got the part . He was excited to start getting paid to do what he loved .	PERSON loved the movies . PERSON learned of an open audition for extras in a nearby town . PERSON went and tried out to be an extra . The casting director noticed PERSON 's mannerisms and look . PERSON was given several lines in the movie !	PERSON was a struggling actress . She worked very hard and eventually got a leading role . She went on a very popular late night show to promote her movie . PERSON was so charismatic she became an overnight sensation . PERSON lived a very affluent life after that .	PERSON studied acting . He got a part in a LOCATION play . A movie producer saw the play . He offered PERSON a role in the movie adaptation of the play . PERSON feels incredibly blessed .
insomnia	I could n't sleep last night . I was so tired from working , but sleep would n't come . I tossed and turned for hours . Finally I took some melatonin . It eventually started to work and I fell asleep .	PERSON moved to a new place in a new city . She began having trouble sleeping . After discussing it with a doctor , she said she did n't have insomnia . She said PERSON was merely being kept up by the loud city noises . She prescribed ear plugs , which worked like a charm .	PERSON was having a hard time falling asleep . She was nervous about starting a new job in the morning . PERSON tried listening to soft music but that did n't help her sleep . Then she started counting backward from 100 in her head . The next thing PERSON knew , her alarm clock was going off !	PERSON had been awake for days . He tried to sleep but could n't . He would lay in bed for hours but never actually sleep . Instead of going to the doctor , he just took a bottle of ambien . He 'll finally get sleep now because he overdosed and died .	Colin went to bed early . But he was so nervous , he could n't sleep . He got out of bed and did some meditation . And when his mind was calm , he went back to bed . A few minutes later , PERSON was fast asleep .
pills	PERSON took some pills to help him sleep . He woke up the next day in the afternoon . He realized he had missed work that day . He decided to go back to sleep . He just laid in bed staring at the ceiling .	PERSON was worried . He forgot where he 'd put his pills . He searched all over for them , with no luck . That 's when he found his prescription . PERSON read it and realized he was n't due for another set for a day .	PERSON began taking medication for his anxiety . And he noticed that his mood was much better . But he became addicted to the pills . And he became even more anxious when he did n't have them . PERSON began taking new medication for his addiction .	The doctor told her to take the pills twice a day . She had to take them with water . They should reduce the swelling in her body . She took them every day for a month . She was still swollen and not getting better .	My nephew had a bad back one day . His mom had some prescription painkillers She lived on the tenth floor of a high rise . She dropped the pills out the window but they fell onto the ground . My nephew was angry as the pills were pulverized .
rock	PERSON loved rock and roll . Her favorite band was playing tonight at a concert . She was going to that concert . She got ready then drove to the concert . She had a good time at the concert .	I woke up and went outside . I saw a small rock on my doorstep . I picked it up . Someone had painted it with a face . I knew instantly it was the girl next door , and smiled .	PERSON was rocking back and forth in his chair when he heard a crack . He looked down and saw the leg had snapped in the middle . PERSON got some wood glue and filled the crack . He waited patiently for a few days while it set . PERSON happily rocked in his fixed rocking chair .	There was an enormous , unsightly rock in PERSON 's garden . He tried unsuccessfully to remove it himself . Begrudgingly , he called to PERSON for help . Happy to oblige , PERSON went over to help him . Together , they accomplished what PERSON himself could not .	PERSON went to visit a famous rock formation in an LOCATION park . He saw that it was a unique shape from millions of years of shaping . He knocked it over . A video caught him doing this . He was charged with a crime against the state park .
lake	PERSON was on a vacation in LOCATION . She decided to try to see the Loch Ness Monster . She spent almost a full day watching the lake . She saw all kinds of boaters and tourists . But she did not see any monsters at all !	PERSON took his dog Rex to the lake one summer afternoon . He planned to play Frisbee with PERSON on the sand . But PERSON had other plans ! He headed right for the water and paddled in to cool off . PERSON laughed as he watched his dog splash and play in the lake .	PERSON went to the lake to swim . She had loved swimming there as a little girl . But when she arrived as an adult , she was disappointed . The lake was brown and polluted . PERSON sadly left without swimming at all .	PERSON went to the lake with his family . He did not want to get in the water at first . He was intimidated by the size of the huge lake . But then he saw other kids splashing and swimming gaily ! That made PERSON smile and dive in to join them !	PERSON had never swam in a lake before . He wondered if doing so was considered dangerous . He consulted his father , who told him it was . Despite that , he went out to the lake the next morning . Before he stepped in , he came to his senses and stopped .
disney world	It was PERSON 's first trip to Disney World . She had wanted to go since she was a child ! She rode every ride and saw every character . She took five hundred photos ! She returned home and began planning her next trip !	PERSON 's parents told him they would go to Disney World soon . If PERSON misbehaved , the trip would be cancelled . During school , PERSON tripped a little girl and made her cry . He also lost his homework . PERSON 's parents cancelled their vacation .	PERSON loves Disney World . She decided to save for a trip . She eventually saved enough money to afford the trip . She had an amazing vacation ! Now she 's sad that it 's over .	Last summer the Smith Family went on a trip to Disney World . It was a surprise for their little daughter . She loves all the Disney princesses . Meeting Cinderella totally made her day . And she even got a picture with and signature on it from her .	PERSON and PERSON wanted to take their children to Disney World . The packed up their car and drove down to LOCATION , LOCATION . They checked into a fabulous hotel . They spent a week enjoying all of the Disney theme parks . The family had a wonderful time at Disney World !
trees	My neighborhood is full of old trees . One of them fell onto a house . It caused a lot of damage . The city had to come chop down a lot of trees . It was very sad to see the trees get taken down .	PERSON needed to plant trees in his yard . He picked out trees based on climate and location around the house . He spent all day planting the trees . He had to water them for years and years . After many long years , they finally grew big and tall .	PERSON 's tree was growing too large . PERSON was worried the tree might damage his home . He decided to trim the branches of the tree . PERSON spent all weekend trimming the tree . Exhausted , he decided to call a professional next time .	The johnsons had a lot of pine trees in their yard They cut some of their pine trees down that were dead . They used the wood for their fireplace . They discovered that pine is n't food for fireplaces . The johnsons stopped burning their pine trees .	PERSON thought it was dark in the house . The trees had grown too close to the windows . PERSON decided to cut them back . He got the hedgetrimmer from the shed . Soon the trees were trimmed .
bills	I get stressed each month when I am paying my bills . I decided to come up with a plan to stay more organized . I researched on the internet for ideas . I found the PERSON PERSON plan . Now my bills are organized and paid on time each month .	My bills seems to be getting too large and I 'm not in control . I went to a church service that talked about controlling your money . I took their advice and began paying down my bills . I have paid off five bills in the last 3 months . I have control over my bills and feel better about myself .	PERSON and his wife had money problems . Oscar got issued a summons to have his wages garnished . This was a huge hardship . They finally talked to an advisor . They were able to get everything on the right track .	PERSON was generating bills for the association members . He only had two to do for the month . When he put them in envelopes he accidentally swapped them . He sent the wrong invoices to the wrong addresses . The two members both made fun of PERSON and paid anyway .	The man sat at his desk and did n't know what to do . His bills were piling up . He said a silent prayer that her would find a way . An idea hit him suddenly . He could make money working as a Turk online .
apples	PERSON bought a bag of apples at the grocery store . She went to the barn where her horse was kept . She gave him an apple . She shared apples with other people for their horses , too . The horses loved the apples .	Today , my mom brought home apples . I love apples so I immediately went to eat one . I bit straight into the apple and saw something strange . There was a weird brown hole in my apple . It turns out , there was a worm in the core of the apple .	PERSON bought a bunch of apples at the supermarket . She had so much fruit in the house , she forgot about the apples . When she got around to having one , she saw that it was soft . She noticed the squirrels outside rummaging around for food . PERSON cut the apple in chunks and flung it outside for the squirrels .	On a crisp fall day , PERSON grabbed his basket . He made his way down the orchard . Today would be his first harvest of the season . PERSON picked the first apple he saw . After one bite , he knew this was the best pick yet .	PERSON 's mom asked her if she wanted an apple . She was so excited about getting a phone at last . Her mom walked out of the room . She came back with a piece of fruit . PERSON was extremely disappointed .
pool	The man filled the pool with water . He jumped in the pool . The water was cold . He got out of the pool . He bought a heater for the water .	All the kids went to the pool . They were having fun splashing around . But then the one kid went to get out . But his swimsuit started to fall down . He got so embarrassed and teased by his friends .	The kids went to the neighborhood pool . It was n't very busy so they were able to have fun . They swam back and forth and tried to do handstands . They finally realized they had to go home . They got a bit sunburned but said it was worth it .	PERSON loves to lay by the pool . She had just gotten a new swimsuit . She decided to go tan . When she got to the pool , she fell asleep . PERSON is now sunburned .	PERSON was cleaning his pool one day . He then answered a phone call . He went to put it back in his pocket . The phone fell out and into the pool . He dove in after but it was too late .
PERSON gets hit	PERSON was driving home from work . She was stopped at a stop sign . All of a sudden , the car behind her hit her car . Luckily there was no damage . PERSON exchanged information with the other driver then parted ways .	PERSON is at a baseball game . He is enjoying the game with a lady friend . While watching a ball comes their way . The ball hits PERSON in the head . He is knocked out cold and rushed to the emergency room .	PERSON is walking home . On her way she passes a busy street . While on the street a car hits her . She goes flying through the air . PERSON is taken to the hospital for her injuries .	PERSON is watching his son play in a baseball game . He is sitting in the stands . He is cheering on his kid . His boy comes to bat and hits a foul ball . The ball hits PERSON in the head and knocks him out .	PERSON was playing a game of baseball . He is up to bat and ready to help his team win . PERSON readies himself for the ball . The pitch comes in to PERSON fast . It hits PERSON right in the eye .
dog bath	PERSON gave his dog a bath today because he got dirty in the yard . The dog stood in the tub while he ran water over him . He then dribbled shampoo on the dog and began to suds him up . He rinsed him off and let him shake in the tub a few times . Finally , to dry him off , he took him for a walk in the sun .	PERSON knew she had to give her dog a bath . She filled the water basin with warm water . Then she added soap . When she tried to get her dog inside , he tipped the basin over . Everything was soaked .	PERSON had a pitbull puppy . A puppy that loved to roll around in trash . So PERSON had to bathe him on a daily basis . The puppy hated water though . So every night PERSON was left cleaning trash and water masses .	I had to give my dog a bath . He ran away from me , because he did not want to get wet . I caught him after a chase . I washed him thoroughly . We 're safe from giving him a bath for another month .	I had to give the dog a bath . She hates baths , so I had to pick her up and put her in the tub . Once in , she sat still and let me wash her . She was very patient and still in the tub . Once finished , she jumped out and shook her wet fur everywhere !
radio	The man listened to the radio in his car . The signal became weak . He tried to find another station . He could not find a station he liked . He turned off the radio in his car .	PERSON was in her room listening to music . A song played she heard a boy listening to . She ran to the radio and pushed record on her tape deck . She was recording over another song . This was more important , so she did n't care .	PERSON drove a lot for his work . He would always listen to the local radio stations . He enjoyed hearing the local news . He thought it was fun to hear unique things on the radio . He loved his car very much and loved his radio experiences .	PERSON was bored . He decided to build a foxhole radio . It worked like a charm . Now PERSON could listen to the radio ! Unfortunately , he could n't change the frequency .	The man turned on a radio . He disagreed with what he heard . He called the radio station . The radio station hung up the phone . The man found another radio station to play .
pool party	I went to a pool party . I expected all of my friends to be there . However , two friends one showed up . I thought the party was going to be boring . However , we had lots of fun with the small group that was there .	We recently had a pool installed . We left for a vacation . My friend watched the house for us . He had a pool party . We got home to a mess .	PERSON got invited to a pool party . She was excited to go . Everyone else was going . Everyone except fo PERSON . PERSON felt badly for PERSON .	PERSON had his birthday at the local pool . He invited all his friends from school . PERSON 's dad ordered pizza for everyone . PERSON and his friends tried to see who could do the best dives . It was the best birthday PERSON had ever had .	PERSON 's birthday was coming up soon . She was very excited and invited all her friends . On the day of the party it was very hot . PERSON 's mom suggested the kids play in the pool . Her mom saved the party and all the kids had a great time .
worms	PERSON hated to fish . She did not like worms . Her husband really wanted her to like fishing . He bought her fake worms to use . Now they both love fishing together .	When it did n't rain much we would turn on the hose in the back yard . The water would draw worms to the surface . Late at night in the dark we would search the yard with a flashlight . We saved all the worms we found in a bucket of dirt . This was a cheap way to afford bait for fishing .	I went fishing with my dad one day . As we had our fishing rods ready , he pulled out a tackle box . I held my rod , and he pulled out several worms ! I was so scared that I ran away . I vowed never to fish again !	PERSON gathered worms for fishing . He wanted to get a good batch of worms together . He was hoping to bring his daughter fishing for the first time . PERSON could n't find a single worm . PERSON bought some worms from the store instead .	PERSON hated bugs of any kind . She was going fishing for the first time . When it was time to hook the worm PERSON passed out . The whole fishing trip quickly came to an end . PERSON was super embarrassed of her reaction to the worms .
six flags	My son went to Six Flags last weekend . He has never liked roller coasters . He went to a lot of rides . At the end of the day he rode the Superman Roller Coaster . He said it was not that bad after all .	PERSON wanted to go to six flags . She called up friends to do with her . They all pitched in money and rented a car . They arrived to six flags in style . They had the best day ever there .	PERSON was invited to Six Flags by the girl he liked . She loved roller coaster but he did n't . He was nervous because he knew she would ask to go on some . He did n't want to chicken out . He made a decision he would go on whatever rides she wanted .	Last week my son went to Six Flags with his friends . He was scared of roller coasters as a child . This day , his goal was to ride the Superman Roller Coaster . He had to wait an hour , but did manage to get on . He said it was a very exciting ride .	My family and I went to Six Flags over the summer . My brother and I decided to go on the scariest roller coaster ever ! We were both so nervous . We got on the ride and screamed the whole way . In the end , we had a lot of fun and wanted to go on again !
barking dog	PERSON 's neighbors had a large dog . The dog would bark loudly outside every night . The barking kept LOCATION from getting much sleep . PERSON asked his neighbors to do something about their dog . The neighbors decided to keep their dog indoors at night .	PERSON had a new dog . He was desperate because it was barking all the time . He tried to give it food and walk it outside with no success . He went to bed exhausted and the dog was still barking . Only when he let the dog sleep with him could he fall asleep .	The neighbors next door were having a barbeque . They invited us over and asked us to bring an item . I decided to bring rolls . Everyone ate my rolls at the barbeque . Everyone got food poisoning from my rolls .	PERSON was installing a new sprinkler system in the yard . He walked over to the fence to dig a hole . The neighbor 's dog ran up to the fence , barking loudly . PERSON was startled and jumped back . The neighbor came and got the dog , apologizing profusely .	I took my dog for a walk in the woods . At the creek , he began to bark at a figure in the distance . Upon inspection , I realized it was a dead body . I called the police . They awarded my dog with a medal of gratitude !
stray	PERSON found a stray cat wandering around . She began to leave it milk and meat . Soon it followed her around outside . Then she lured it into her room . PERSON had her own pet cat now !	PERSON hated cats and always had - until a stray changed his mind . He noticed the stray hanging around his apartment building . Feeling bad , PERSON started to feed it and eventually pet it . Soon he was enamored of the cuddly cat ! Within a month , it was living in PERSON 's apartment !	PERSON wanted a pet . He found a stray dog . He lured it home and fed it . The dog licked his face . PERSON knew the dog loved him !	Will came home one day after work . There was a stray cat lounging by his front door . Will brought the cat a bowl of milk . The next day , the same thing happened with the cat . Will decided to keep the cat and love it as his pet !	PERSON saw a stray dog . He felt bad for it , so he approached it . But when he tried to pet it , the dog bit him ! PERSON 's hand started to bleed . PERSON wished he had not tried to pet the stray dog .
drawing	PERSON loves to draw . But she wanted to get better at drawing . So she began taking lessons on how to draw . She finished the drawing course in 6 weeks . PERSON loves to draw even more now that 's trained to do so .	I was always interested in animated films as a kid . I watched lots of movies with talking animals . I drew all the time . My art style was influenced by animation . Now I 'm a cartoonist .	PERSON drew a picture in her notebook . PERSON saw the picture over her shoulder . PERSON asked PERSON to draw a picture of him . PERSON drew PERSON with big muscles . PERSON hung the drawing in his home .	PERSON was in art class . She was supposed to draw a shoe . Her art teacher saw her drawing . He said it was the best in the class . He gave her bonus points .	Raven drew some doodles . People in her class all watched her . They really liked it . They started asking her to draw for them . She got money for it .
safety	PERSON and his father were watching the news . The news stated a criminal had escaped from a local prison . PERSON 's father turned off the news and told him to go upstairs . PERSON obeyed his father and went to his room . For the rest of the night , PERSON felt anxious and scared .	PERSON and her boyfriend were fooling around . Then PERSON saw that they were out of condoms . Her boyfriend told her it did n't matter , but PERSON remained steadfast . Later , she thought the incident over . She was proud of herself for doing the right thing .	PERSON was afraid of her Grandma 's big dogs . The big dogs were barking and jumping at her . Her grandma would n't let her come inside until she fed them . She stood with her hand on the gate watching them jump . She gathered her courage , and pushed open the gate .	My mother told me to look both ways before crossing the street . I did n't always look like I should have . I walked into the street without looking one day . A car swerved around me , honking their horn . I screamed , and ran back to the sidewalk in terror .	PERSON is an undercover cop . Her job is very dangerous . She really likes her job a lot . She is also a single mother . She tries to keep the city safe for everyone 's children .
coupons	PERSON was hungry for lunch . She had lots of coupons . She did n't know which place was the best offer . Eventually she finally decided . But by then her lunch hour was over .	PERSON got a fast food hamburger . On her receipt was a survey invitation . She went online and took the survey . In return , they gave her a discount code . PERSON 's next hamburger was free !	I wanted to see if i could save some money so I started using coupons . I collected coupons from the Sunday paper , emails and snail mail . I researched stores that doubled the value of the coupons I had saved . I clipped , tore and cut fifty coupons that were doubled in value . Now I am believer in coupons because I saved ten dollars last week	PERSON enjoyed going to restaurants , but she liked to save money too . She found a coupon for her favorite restaurant . She went there for lunch and ordered a burger . When the bill came , she was nervous about the coupon . The restaurant accepted the coupon and PERSON saved a lot of money !	PERSON loved cutting coupons . He collected them over time . When he finally went shopping he used them all . PERSON would get a lot of things for a very low price . It motivated him to keep using coupons .
parking	Our building manager told us about a new traffic practice . Our city is now ticketing cars parked in the same spot for 24 hours . There are many cars parked overnight across the street . I asked the concierge why this is happening . He said the law had been on the books but was not enforced before .	Our condo complex is next to another one . We have a large parking lot . Several people from the other complex parked on our lot . One day our board had those cars towed . A lot of people were unhappy that day .	The man went to the parking garage . There were no parking spots open . He went to the paying station to leave . They tried to charge him four dollars . He refused to pay the money .	I was ready to go to my driver 's license test a while ago ! I was very excited and drove there with my brother . I drove super well the entire way there . Unfortunately in the parking lot I lost my confidence . When I was parking I accidentally hit a car and had to leave .	It was the end of February and it had been snowing hard . The snow banks were 4 feet high . The streets were narrow from all the snow on the banks . Emergency vehicles were having a hard time on narrow streets . It was declared cars were able to park on the odd side of the street .
walking home	PERSON and PERSON were friends who went to the same school . They decided to walk home with each other . They walked together every day and talked to each other . It really strengthened their friendship . They 're grateful they decided to walk together .	I walked home from school three times . It was a six mile walk . I had activities after school and could not ride the bus . My mom forgot about me and did n't check on me . She probably was n't even home .	The mail service near me is three blocks away . I had to run down there for a package . On the way home , I noticed college kids drinking beer . I asked if they were of age , and they became angry . An angry , drunken mob of kids chased me to my door .	PERSON 's school was a block away , so her Mom let her walk home . One day , someone told her Mom a flasher was targeting kids . He drove up in his car and flashed them . PERSON did n't know what a flasher was . All she knew was after that , she was n't allowed to walk home alone .	PERSON was on his way home from work . He usually had a ride but this time he had to walk home . He was nervous since it was past midnight . He called me to keep his mind off of things . Eventually he made it home and everything was fine !
the accident	PERSON and PERSON were riding a motorbike . They were going pretty fast when they hit a bump in the road . They both were thrown off of the bike . PERSON was fine but PERSON hit his head on the ground . PERSON had to go to the hospital to get stitches .	I was driving down to work the other day and witnessed a tragedy . On the right side of the highway were two destroyed vehicles . Traffic slowed , and it appeared the two were very injured . As I passed , I vowed to be much safer on the road . As I pulled into the parking lot , I started my day with a new demeanor .	PERSON was drinking wine . She got a bit too tipsy . At one point she dropped her glass . It stained her light area rug . PERSON needed to get it professionally cleaned .	PERSON was driving one day . He hit a man on a motorcycle . He claimed that he did n't see the man coming . The man filed a lawsuit against PERSON . PERSON had to pay the man one hundred thousand dollars .	PERSON liked to ride his dirt bike . He took it to the dirt track with his friends . PERSON was practicing a jump on the track . The bike went high in the air and Ollie fell off . PERSON broke his leg and could n't ride for months .
the new phone	PERSON was excited to get the newly released cell phone . He was surprised to see a long line when he arrived at the store . He waited in line for an hour to purchase his phone . When he arrived at the cashier she informed him they were sold out . PERSON was upset as he drove home without a new phone .	PERSON had saved for months so she could buy a new phone . She went to the store and had just the amount of money for the phone . When they gave her the phone , months of hard work had paid off . On the way home , she dropped the phone on the sidewalk . The phone cracked and PERSON was very upset .	PERSON had been using the same phone for three years . One day it finally broke for good . She did n't know where to start with a new phone . Her brother recommended her some brands . Luckily , she found a great new phone that she loved .	PERSON needed a new cell phone . PERSON went online and read cell phone reviews . He decided to get a new iPhone SE . PERSON walked to the Apple store . PERSON bought his new phone .	One day , PERSON decided to go out and buy a new phone ! She went to the electronics store and picked out a nice looking one . She talked to the cashier and he gave her a little discount . Then , she took the phone home and opened up its box . PERSON then booted up the device and was very happy .
the grocery store	PERSON wanted to make pancakes this morning but she did n't have milk . She to walked to the grocery store to buy some . When she got home she realized that she had accidentally bought cream . She was very frustrated . She decided to go to IHOP instead .	Adam needed a few things for dinner . He ran to the grocery store . He found all sorts of things he did n't mean to buy . He loaded up his bags and took the things home . The grocery store was a dangerous place for him !	PERSON was looking in her cupboards . She did n't have anything to eat . She went to the store and bought some snacks . She came home and gobbled them up . She was full but was n't sure what she 'd eat later .	PERSON got a new job . He would be working at the grocery store . He liked to stock the shelves . He worked at the job for five weeks . He was really happy with his new work !	PERSON had to grab a few ingredients . She ran into the grocery store . She forgot what she was supposed to buy . She wandered around the aisles of the store . She finally remembered what she was supposed to buy .
vote	PERSON did n't want to waste her vote on someone she did n't like . She went to the library to research other options . The librarian directed PERSON to the city 's Election Board . They explained in detail to LOCATION what her options were . PERSON decided to vote herself in as a candidate in the upcoming race .	The room took a vote . The vote was tied . They argued over a tie breaker . They decided to vote on a tie breaker . The vote on the tie breaker was a tie .	PERSON was eighteen and decided to vote . He went online and signed up in the registry . Then he waited to get his voter ID card in the mail . He made sure to take the card with him on election day . Then he stepped into the voting booth and voted !	I was waiting in line to vote at the voting booth . The clerk came to tell me that they were out of ballots . I asked her when new ballots would arrive , as I wanted to vote . Since she said it could take hours , I decided to go home . I did n't vote during that election .	I wanted to make sure I was eligible to vote . I was concerned because I lost my voter registration card . I researched online exactly what I needed to vote . I found out I did not need my voter registration card to vote . Now I can not wait to vote for PERSON PERSON for our next president .
harp	PERSON wanted to play the harp . She signed up for lessons in school . At first it was very difficult to learn . But soon she was playing wonderfully . She played so well , she got a solo in the school concert !	Sue played the harp . She was very good at it . But she ended up getting a sore wrist the week before her recital . She took some pain medication the day she had to play . Sue powered through the pain and got a standing ovation .	PERSON wanted to play an instrument . But she did n't want to learn a common one . She decided on the harp . She studied diligently at her lessons . Soon she was an expert harpist !	My friend is good at playing the harp . One day , I tried to play it . I broke a string and panicked . When he saw what I did he was not mad . He told me that he breaks strings everyday .	PERSON bought a new Harp . He let PERSON borrow it . PERSON let PERSON borrow it . PERSON was furious . After that he never let PERSON borrow anything .
flag	PERSON saw an old American flag waving in the distance . He noticed a tear in the flag and felt a calling to fix it . He went to the hardware store and purchased a sewing kit . The next day he asked the owner if he could repair it . Now the flag waves in the wind as if it was never torn .	PERSON and his family lived in the American South , and proudly ! They had always flown a Confederate flag on their porch . When the town voted to ban Confederate flags , they voted too . It turned out that much of the town agreed with them . The vote did not pass , and the flag remained legal .	PERSON wanted a flag for her lawn . She went to the flag store . There , she chose a floral print flag . She paid for it and brought it home . There , she set it on her lawn .	PERSON wanted to show her patriotism . But she did not want a patriotic tattoo . She finally found the perfect public display . She bought a flag and put in on her lawn ! PERSON loved seeing her country 's flag every day !	The man went to hang the flag . The flag touched the ground . He thought he should burn the flag . He asked his boss if he should burn it . His boss told him just to hang the flag .
bloody nose	PERSON was out on a hot day . His nose started bleeding . He did n't realize at first . A friend thought he was injured . PERSON cleaned himself up .	PERSON was out hiking with friends . They were on a desert trail . The dry heat was too much for PERSON . He got a bad nose bleed . It would n't stop and he had to go home .	It was a cold night . So PERSON slept with several extra blankets . But it made him too warm . And when he woke up , he had a bloody nose . And PERSON 's blankets had blood on them too .	PERSON and his brother were playing video games . They were competing against each other . PERSON was winning and his brother was angry . His brother took the controller and threw it at PERSON 's face . The controller hit PERSON 's nose and he has blood pouring everywhere .	PERSON was at work one day , when he got a bloody nose . He quickly ran to the back of the store and grabbed a towel . After cleaning up , he made sure his nose was n't bleeding anymore . He looked outside , and saw a line of people waiting for him . PERSON quickly ran back and got back to work .
self defense	PERSON wanted to learn how to defend himself . PERSON 's parents signed him up for martial arts lessons . PERSON worked hard and listened well . Jay progressed very quickly . Now PERSON has his own martial arts school and teaches others .	PERSON wanted to protect herself . She regularly felt vulnerable . She enrolled in a martial arts class . She learned self defense . She felt much less vulnerable after attaining her black belt .	PERSON wanted to gain some confidence . His friend suggested martial arts classes . Years later PERSON became a black belt . PERSON became very confident . PERSON was fulfilled and happy with his hard earned confidence .	I wanted to protect myself from the dregs of society . I enrolled in Karate classes . I took PERSON PERSON Do Classes . I passed my Judo self defense tests with flying colors . I am now a LOCATION LOCATION in self defense .	PERSON was a quiet kid . He was often being picked on by school bullies . PERSON began taking a self defense class outside of school . He defeated the next bully who attacked him . PERSON was no longer a target for the bullies .
christmas time	It was Thanksgiving day . The PERSON happily ate their meal . Then they cleaned up the mess . When the PERSON finished cleaning they sat down to watch some TV . That 's when they realized that Christmas was taking over other months !	PERSON lives far away from her family . She sees them very rarely . PERSON wants to visit home for Christmas , but ca n't afford to travel . One day , PERSON gets an envelope in the mail . It 's a plane ticket her parents bought for her to come home .	Jeff and Connie are getting their home ready for Christmas . This year they have decided to buy a real tree . They are very excited about decorating it together . Once the tree is decorated they will put presents under it . On Christmas day they will show off the tree and hand out the presents	It was early December and PERSON had been acting questionably . His mother took him to see LOCATION , but he had no great hopes . When LOCATION asked PERSON if he had been good he simply said no . LOCATION told PERSON that all bad boys get lumps of coal . PERSON went straight to his mother and apologized for his actions .	Our family gather around the Christmas tree . Each member of the family place one declaration piece on the tree . We place our gifts under the tree on Christmas Eve . Everyone in the family sing Christmas Carols . Christmas Day we exchanged gifts and enjoyed our Christmas dinner .
muffins	PERSON was making blueberry muffins . Partway through , she realized she had a problem . She was out of blueberries ! Then she thought of a great substitution - cherries ! She used frozen cherries and made delicious muffins !	PERSON wanted to make banana muffins . She realized she did n't have enough eggs . She called her neighbor PERSON to ask if she could borrow some eggs . Her PERSON brought two eggs over . When they were ready , PERSON shared the muffins with PERSON .	I had a craving for muffins . I went to the store to buy some . I found some in blueberry and chocolate . I knew my husband hated chocolate , but I wanted them . I ended up buying both containers .	There were no muffins . I was hoping there would be some when i got home . I walked through the door . I went to the kitchen . And I checked the pantry .	PERSON wanted to make a sweet snack for his family . He found a box of banana bread mix in the cupboard . He mixed it up and poured it into muffin cups . Then he bakes up fresh banana-walnut muffins . PERSON 's family was impressed by his baking prowess !
the first day of school	PERSON was nervous about the first day of school . On the bus and met a girl named PERSON . The two girls had a lot in common . They played together every day . The two girls became best friends .	On PERSON 's first day of kindergarten , she was very nervous . Her mother and father took the morning off work to take PERSON . When they got to school , her parents took a few pictures of her . When it was time to start the day , a bell rang and she went into class . After a full day of activities , PERSON was very happy to go home .	PERSON excited for her first day of school . She had carefully planned out a pretty outfit . The morning of she diligently prepared herself . Just as she left the house it began to rain and she got messed up . Luckily , she made so many friends at school it did n't matter .	It was a new school year . PERSON was so nervous about the first day . Her mother walked her to class . PERSON met her teacher . She learned that everything was going to be okay .	PERSON is looking forward to the first day of school tomorrow . She is trying to decide what to wear . She decides to wear her new favorite outfit . PERSON ca n't find the clothes anywhere . PERSON 's mom had already laid out her favorite outfit for her .
working late	I was just about to clock out from work . However , my boss tells me I need to stay an extra hour . I was furious but I still stayed . I worked harder than I ever worked in my life . When I opened my paycheck for the week , I jumped with joy .	PERSON went to confront her boyfriend . She suspected he was cheating on her , because he was working late . She went into his office building late at night . She saw him working at his desk typing . She asked him where that skank whore was and he looked confused .	PERSON was working late . Her husband was worried about her . PERSON 's husband drove to meet her . He stayed with her until she finished . PERSON and her husband left together .	PERSON stayed late to help his boss at work . They ordered some food while working . And at the end of the night , his boss thanked him for his time . PERSON did n't even mind he had to pay for the food . Because his boss promoted him to head of his section .	PERSON was getting ready for school . She was almost ready but she could n't find her shoes . She scrambled around desperately trying to find them . She ended up clocking in at work ten minutes late . Her boss gave her a warning and PERSON vowed to be on time .
PERSON gets a haircut	PERSON has long hair . He wants to get it cut . He heads down to the barber . He has his hair cut . PERSON loves his new hair .	PERSON has always loved the way her hair looks when it is long . However , one day she decides she needs a haircut . She goes to the hair dresser and has her hair cut very short . PERSON decides that short hair looks very good on her . She is very proud that she took the risk to cut her hair short .	PERSON is really unhappy with her hair . Her friends all criticize her it looks bad . She decides to do something about it . She heads to the salon to get a haircut . She shows off her new hair to hair friends and impresses them .	PERSON hates to cut his hair . His hair is so long he ca n't see . PERSON wrecked his bike because he could n't see . He decided he had to get his hair cut . He walked up town to the barber .	PERSON notices that his hair has become unruly and long . Although he likes his long hair , he is afraid his boss does not . He decides to get his hair cut . After the haircut , PERSON feels a little diminished . However , his boss compliments him on his neat new look .
trumpet	I was at my aunt 's house . She asked my cousin to wake up my other cousin . So she went to his room . I heard a trumpet . Then I heard her being chased .	PERSON played the trumpet in band in high school . She was always very good at it . The talent came naturally and she got a scholarship for it . She played throughout all of college . She now plays in a orchestra band for a living and is amazing !	I have been learning to play the trumpet . I am currently third chair in my school band . I am going to practice every night after school to get better . My goal is to move up to second chair this year . I am determined and diligent in practicing and I will be successful .	The fall band concert was tonight . PERSON had n't practiced the musical piece they would play . She decided she would just pretend to play the trumpet . During the concert she thought she had fooled everyone . After the concert her band teacher reprimanded her for not playing .	PERSON began learning the trumpet in 4th grade . He was not very good and many people made fun of him . Then , PERSON practiced for two hours every single day . After two years , he was the best player in the school . Now no one makes fun of PERSON for playing the trumpet .
chores	PERSON wanted to go to a party that weekend . His dad said he could go if he did all his chores . PERSON went right to work cleaning and scrubbing . He got all his work done by Friday night . Then PERSON happily headed out to the party !	PERSON 's mom was annoyed with him . This was because he never did his chores . PERSON 's mom decided to do something about it . She told him that if he did n't do his chores , he could n't watch TV . Finally , PERSON started to always get his chores done .	PERSON woke up early to start her day . She stripped all the sheets off the beds . She did all the laundry . She washed the dishes and cleaned the kitchen . By noon , she was exhausted but the house was spotless .	PERSON has a lot of chores . Her parents give her an allowance . She makes sure to get them all done . She likes to save her money . One day she plans to buy a cellular phone .	PERSON 's house is a mess . PERSON decides to start cleaning . He picks up trash from the floor . PERSON disposes of the trash . His house is much cleaner .
the christmas tree	It was christmas time and we were ready to decorate our tree . We went to the nursery to pick a perfect tree for our home . When we were there , it was snowing a lot and very cold . This made picking a tree more difficult but we did it . We took our perfect tree home and decorated it that night .	PERSON was looking into a Christmas tree . PERSON was deciding between a real or artificial Christmas tree . PERSON conducted research to see which type of tree would fit her . After researching , PERSON decided to purchase an artificial tree . PERSON was glad to see her tree decorated in living room .	The family went to the farm to find a Christmas tree . The found one and chopped it down . It was the perfect size . The took it the their car and tied it down . When they got home they decorated it .	One Christmas we decided that we wanted to cut down our own tree . We went to a tree farm and took a hayride out behind the fields . We searched through the trees to find the perfect one . Once we found it we each took turns using the saw to cut it down . After we paid , we took or tree home and decorated it for the holiday .	Every year the PERSON family got their Christmas tree in the mountains . They made a day of it , driving three hours each way . They would have lunch before they hunted for the perfect tree . This year the tree they selected was big and beautiful . It was over nine feet tall and very full all around .
smoke alarm	I lit a cigarette . The lady at the next table stared at me . I pretended not to notice her staring at me . She coughed loudly . I took another puff .	The smoke alarm in PERSON 's house started beeping from a low battery . PERSON got out a chair to stand on in order to replace the battery . As he was putting it in , though , he somehow dislocated his shoulder . He then fell off the chair onto the floor with a loud crash ! Then , after all that , the smoke alarm was still beeping .	PERSON was making coffee before going to work . But she realized she would n't have enough time . So she left her house right away . But when she came back , she realized her stove was still on . So she bought a smoke alarm just in case it happens again .	PERSON found a pack of cigarettes in his dad 's drawer . He bummed one and smoked it in his room . He coughed and threw it on the carpet . Then he went to play video games . Later he heard the smoke alarm going off .	PERSON woke up very hungry . She started to make pancakes . She completely burnt one of them . The smoke alarms went off . She decided to eat cereal instead .
the blizzard	It had n't snowed in LOCATION in over ten years . It had been an excessively warm summer so the worst was expected . Two weeks before Christmas a huge blizzard came . It shut the city down for two weeks . Christmas day it rained and washed all of it away .	An icy wind swept across the mountains as night began . The man searched in vain for his friend but could not find him . Finally , just as he was about to give up hope , he noticed something . His friend was laying in the snow , frozen but barely alive . He covered his friend in warmth and stayed with him until help came .	The snow was coming down very heavy outside . The meteorologist said it was a blizzard . The snow continued all night . By morning , all the schools and roads were closed . The townspeople went outside and started to dig their way out .	PERSON was visiting family at her childhood home . During her visit a blizzard occurred . She was very excited to see all the snow . Her family felt stressed but she was full of vigor . She helped her family by shoveling all the snow for them .	The forecast called for over two feet of snow this past weekend . The blizzard had everybody around town in a panic . Between Friday and Saturday night , snow fell non-stop . Some people were excited , while others worried for their comfort . On Sunday morning , the massive snowfall was there for all to see .
the basement	PERSON bought a house with a leaky basement . He had decided to seal the basement walls . After the repairs he was going to put a man cave down there . He paid a company to come do an evaluation . After the evaluation they told him it was beyond repair .	PERSON accidentally locked himself in his basement . He tried pushing on the door to get out . The door would n't budge . PERSON stacked a bunch of containers near the window . He had to climb out of the window to get out .	PERSON had to get the box from the basement . She flipped the light on at the top of the stairs . It glowed dimly below as she headed down the stairs . She raced to the shelf , grabbed the box and ran to the stairs . She got to the top and slammed the door happy to be done .	The couple bought a new house . It was great , except for the creepy basement . It was damn and full of cobwebs . They got to work on cleaning it out . They had big plans for making it nice .	PERSON did not like the basement . It was dark and cold . His ball had fallen down the stairs . He did not go down in the basement . He made his dad get the ball .
PERSON strikes out	PERSON wanted to impress his parents in his baseball game . He told his parents he would hit a homerun for them . At the game he struggled all game long . He struck out every chance he got to hit . After the game his parents told him it was okay and gave him a hug .	PERSON is playing baseball . He is up to bat . His team is really counting on him to get a hit . PERSON swings at 2 pitches and misses . The last pitch comes across the plate and PERSON strikes out .	PERSON was a girl on a softball team . PERSON had a big game today . PERSON was waiting her turn to hit . The time came for her to get a hit . PERSON swung and missed three times and stuck out .	PERSON is batting in the big game . His team needs a hit . He takes one strike . He takes two strikes . He takes his third strike and strikes out .	PERSON is a single man . He wants to change that . He heads to the bar . He sees three women there he likes . He is turned down by all of them .
PERSON 's friend	PERSON 's friend was always being mean to him . He teased him constantly . PERSON 's brother told him he needed to find other friends . PERSON found a new group of friends . PERSON stopped associating with his friend .	PERSON lived in the desert with his aunt and uncle . They were friends with an old man named PERSON . One morning , PERSON got in an argument with his uncle and ran away . He become lost in the canyons of the surrounding desert . PERSON , along with his friends , rescued PERSON and brought him safely home .	PERSON and PERSON had been friends since high school . The boys had barely spent a day apart since the 8th grade . PERSON was accepted to a college halfway across the country . PERSON had planned to go to a local college . PERSON made sure that PERSON knew he was only a phone call away .	PERSON made a new friend one day . Her name was PERSON . The two girls became fast friends . One day PERSON got sick . It crushed miranda .	PERSON was new in town . She went out to the bar to meet people . The first three people she tried to become friends with shunned her . The fourth invited her to an after party . She went to it and got a bunch of numbers to call .
lasagna	Sue decided to make lasagna . She had never done it before . She followed the recipe exactly . It took hours . It turned out to be a great success .	PERSON was a great cook . She always loved to try new recipes . This time she decided to make lasagna . However , she forgot to buy the right noodles . Her lasagna turned into a big mess .	PERSON decided to cook dinner . She searched for a recipe for lasagna . She bought all the ingredients . When she got home she realized she forgot the ricotta cheese . PERSON had to order pizza for dinner .	PERSON always knew the story of PERSON and lasagna . He thought maybe his cats would like it too . So when he made a batch he put some in their bowls . The cats refused to touch it though ! That was the last time he would trust a cartoon cat !	I wanted to make some lasagna for my family . I put all the ingredients together and put it in the oven . After a while , it was done . I pulled it out and served it up to everyone . They hated it , because I 'm a terrible cook .
good deed	PERSON wanted to help the homeless . He went to a homeless shelter . He volunteered to be a cook there . PERSON was recommended for a job . PERSON became chef at a restaurant .	PERSON passed someone with a flat tire on the side of the road . PERSON was in a hurry but he stopped anyway . It was an old lady who was crying . PERSON changed the tire for the lady and she was on her way . PERSON felt good about himself .	PERSON was on his way to work . As he was driving , he saw a lady stranded on the side of the road . He decided to stop and help her . She needed help with changing her tire . PERSON helped her and she was very thankful .	PERSON was walking when he found a wallet on the ground . He looked around and did n't see anyone nearby . He opened up the wallet , which was filled with cash . He was so tempted to keep it , but he felt too guilty . He walked to the police station and turned it in .	PERSON was extremely hungry . On his way to the shop , he saw an elderly homeless man . The homeless man asked if he had any change . Although PERSON wanted the money for food , he gave the man the money . PERSON knew he could use his card so that the man could eat also .
app	PERSON 's school had an app-designing contest . Whoever designed the most useful app or best game would win . PERSON designed an app to help with homework . It gave tips and even set reminder alarms ! Her creative app won first place in the contest !	PERSON had a great idea for a iPhone app . PERSON did n't understand how to code . He found an app developer online . They worked together to build his app . PERSON 's app is now live in the App Store !	PERSON was a college student . PERSON was a computer science major . PERSON wanted to develop an app . PERSON learned how to create an app . PERSON created an app .	I downloaded the app . It took me to a strange screen . I was unsure how to follow the instructions . I tried several times . Finally I asked my friend for help .	PERSON played a game on his cell phone . The game app allowed him to buy coins and upgrades . But then his mom saw that he had spend fifty dollars on the app ! She shut PERSON 's phone off for an entire month . PERSON learned his lesson during that miserable month !
movie star	PERSON loved watching movies . PERSON spent all of his free time at the movie theater . After high school , PERSON decided to try to work in the film industry . PERSON moved to LOCATION to pursue his goal . PERSON became a movie star and has been in 43 movies so far .	PERSON wanted to be a movie star . He wanted to be famous . He went to acting school . However , he dropped out . It turns out he needed to focus on paying bills .	PERSON had performed in plays since girlhood . Now as an adult , she wanted to star in movies . She moved to LOCATION and started auditioning . It took months , but finally a producer called her back . He offered her the role of female lead in his next film !	PERSON filmed a movie with his friends . He submitted the film to a film festival . The film took first place . For a while he was treated as if he was a movie star . PERSON loved the fame and began to make another movie .	PERSON lived in LOCATION LOCATION . She loved driving around in her convertible . Often , she would smile and wave at people from her car . One day she waved at a good looking man in the car next to hers . He waved back , and it turned out to be a movie star !
snowball fight	PERSON was excited when she woke up and saw it had snowed overnight . She wanted to throw a snowball at her mother . But her mom warned her she would get in trouble if she did . PERSON still had a good time playing , and was on her way back inside . She was suddenly hit with a snowball , and her mother was the culprit !	PERSON has always wanted to be in a snowball fight . She thought it would be a lot of fun . One winter , there was snowfall where she leaves . So she decided to have a snowball fight with some friends . But she got hit in the head and decided snowball fights were no fun .	PERSON was crouched behind the fence . She had hand-packed thirty snowballs . Her brother came around the corner . PERSON stood to throw her snowballs . Five armed boys showered her with snowballs .	PERSON was walking to school on a snowy day . Out of nowhere a snowball hit her in the face . She looked up to see her crush PERSON had thrown it . She laughed and threw one back . PERSON 's hair was soaked when she got to school .	The neighborhood children were having a snowball fight . At one point , PERSON got hit in the face with the snowball . She started to cry , and her mother came outside . She hugged her . PERSON eventually stopped crying .
gym class	PERSON dreaded going to gym class . This week they were climbing rope . She stayed after school all last week practicing . When she got to gym class , the teacher called her name first to climb . She remembered everything she learned last week and aced it .	PERSON picked up her new class schedule . She was hoping to get into band class . Instead her schedule showed gym class . She was disappointed not to get into band . She was more disappointed to have another gym class .	PERSON hated gym class . He never got picked for kickball ! PERSON decided to be a score keeper . Everyone loved how accurate he was ! PERSON never hated gym class again !	PERSON hated playing dodgeball . He was often picked on and picked last in the team . PERSON wanted to be respected . PERSON trained himself for dodgeball . PERSON played the game , won it for his team and gained respect .	PERSON did not like the gym class unit . The unit was on softball . PERSON could hit the ball hard . PERSON was not good at catching the ball . That made softball very stressful for PERSON .
the car	PERSON worked hard all summer to buy a new car . He mowed lawns and cleaned yards for the cash to buy the car . He eventually made enough for a used car from a friend . The car ran great and PERSON was very happy . PERSON decided to mow more lawns to save up for the gas he now needed .	PERSON turned sixteen . Her birthday present was really big . Her parents bought her a new car ! She was so happy . She took it for a spin .	PERSON bought a car . It malfunctioned the very first day . She brought it back to the dealership to complain . The salesman gave her another car . PERSON was happy that this one drove perfectly .	PERSON wanted a new car . He asked his father to help him find one . PERSON ' father helped him find a car . PERSON bought the car and drove it home . He is grateful to his father for his help .	PERSON was out for a walk . She was trying to reduce her carbon footprint . She started walking instead of driving . Soon , she realized that she did n't need her car anymore . She sold it to her neighbor and started walking everywhere .
bus	PERSON was worried that he could n't get home to see his family . Because he had so little money he knew he could n't fly . Someone suggested he take a bus so he looked into it . He found out the bus was half the cost of an airplane ! Though it took a little longer , he could go see his family on the bus .	PERSON had to take the bus to work . It took a long time . The bus broke down . He was very late for work . He got written up at work .	PERSON was starting first grade at a new school . She would have to take the bus . She was very nervous ! But then she met the kind driver and aide . They helped eased her nerves .	PERSON needed to take the bus to his job He was running late . the bus ended up coming early . he got on the bus He arrived on time	PERSON rode the school bus home every day . The kids would pick on her , so she did not like the experience . One day , a boy named PERSON stood up for PERSON to the other kids . PERSON and PERSON became best friends . PERSON eventually enjoyed riding the bus home from school .
bad dog	PERSON was taking his dog for a walk to the park . As he was approaching the park , he heard a scream . He rushes to the park to find someone being attacked by a dog . He helps the person by removing the dog and scaring him away . She is thankful and runs away to her house .	PERSON was my puppy . He was n't very well trained . One day he stood by the door whining . He caught my attention to let him out , but it was too late . PERSON had peed right there by the door .	The neighbors treated the squirrel as if it was a pet . They fed it each day and talked to it when they were outside . One day , PERSON let his dog out in the back yard . He heard a lot of yelling and went to see what the problem was . PERSON 's dog was running with a squirrel tail hanging from his mouth .	PERSON was asked to watch his neighbor 's dog . She was very pretty and he thought it could get him on her good side . So of course he said yes . Within minutes his home was destroyed . He let the dog run away and never talked to her again .	PERSON has a dog named PERSON . PERSON is not trained very well . PERSON 's friend PERSON tried to pet PERSON . PERSON got very defensive and bit PERSON 's hand . PERSON was very upset that PERSON 's dog bit him .
eye	PERSON was a young man . He noticed his vision was not perfect . He went to the optometrist . He was prescribed contacts . PERSON loved the contacts and his perfect vision .	PERSON had pain in his eye . He called the eye doctor . He set up an appointment . He saw the eye doctor . He felt better after seeing the eye doctor .	PERSON slept well the night before . Upon awaking he yawned . He looked in the mirror . He saw something in his eye . He washed his face to clean his eyes .	I got poked in the eye by a stick . I held it because it hurt . I wiped away my tears . I waited for a few minutes . My eye did n't hurt anymore .	PERSON worked at a nice office . He worked long hours . He would forget to blink he was so absorbed in his work . His eyes became dry and caused him pain . He went to the pharmacy to buy eye drops to remedy his situation .
the door	PERSON needed to replace a closet door . He measured to see what size he needed . He drove to the store . He purchased the door . He replaced the closet door as soon as he got home .	PERSON was upset that his bedroom door creaked . When he had to get up in the middle of the night it woke everyone up . He went to the store and bought some oil . He used to oil to lube the hinges . Now he can open the door without hearing a creak .	PERSON heard a knocking sound . Someone was at her door . When she answered , there was no one there . Her wreath kept hitting her door and making that sound . PERSON slammed the door shut in anger .	PERSON could n't figure out how the open the door . Her lock was new and weird so she called me for help . I told PERSON how to unlock the door and she was extremely grateful . Later that day PERSON got stuck again ! She called me up and I changed the locks for her .	PERSON passed by a door every day on his way to his first class . He asked everyone where the door led , but nobody knew . PERSON decided to open the door one day . Behind the door was a bunch of janitorial supplies . PERSON was sent to detention for tampering with school property .
the cheater	PERSON was sure her husband was cheating on her , he often smelled . She hired a private investigator to follow him around his day . The investigator messaged her to meet up with having news for her . When they met up the investigator confirmed her worst fears . Her husband had been cheating on her with several men , she was in awe .	PERSON started dating a boy from class . Things were going great . One day , PERSON found a shirt that was n't hers in her boyfriend 's room . PERSON asked him and he confessed to cheating . She dumped him right away .	PERSON 's husband had been acting strange lately . Well , he stopped caring if they had sex . One evening he turned her down , saying no to sex . So PERSON convinced a friend to follow her husband around . PERSON 's friend caught PERSON 's husband intimate with a colleague .	PERSON is a very competitive girl . One day she was playing a game with friends and having fun . She was winning the game until she made a mistake . She could n't bare the thought of losing and became desperate . So instead of trying harder she decided to cheat and won the game .	PERSON confessed to cheating on the test . The teacher gave him an F on his paper , and sent him to the principal . The principal asked why he was there . PERSON thought , and said he had been molested by his teacher . The teacher was promptly fired , and PERSON got an A on his test .
the science fair	PERSON worked hard on his project for the science fair . When it was perfect he went to sleep . The next day in school he set up his project . When the judges arrived they all had high praise for his project . PERSON was thrilled when it was announced he was the first prize winner !	PERSON entered his science project into the science fair . The night before the fair PERSON spilled a glass of milk on his papers . PERSON stayed up all night rewriting his work . By the next day he had recreated his project and got it in on time . PERSON smiled , his project won a ribbon for being the most creative .	PERSON was preparing for her school 's upcoming science fair . She had settled on generating electricity with water . She had almost everything prepared but her water wheel was n't working . After tireless hours of research she thought she had the issue solved . Luckily , her project worked and she got a great ribbon for it .	Grace was doing an experiment for her science fair . She had been working hard on the project for months . One day , a jealous classmate tried to destroy her display . Luckily she salvaged it just before the judges arrived . Even botched her experiment won the first place ribbon .	PERSON 's 4th grade science class had a science fair this year . He prepared his project on volcanoes . He made a paper volcano with lava made from vinegar and baking soda . He meticulously created a poster to explain his display . He was awarded 1st place at the science fair .
dodgeball	My physical education instructor told us to pick up the dodge balls . Our class also split up into two teams . My team tried to eliminate our opponents by hitting them with the ball . I went against my friend since we were the only ones left in the end . I ended up eliminating him since I managed to hit him .	It was down to PERSON and PERSON . They were the last two to survive the game of dodgeball . PERSON threw his ball and barely missed . PERSON fired right back at the same time . PERSON miraculously caught the ball and won the game .	I always hate PE . When I was in the third grade the class was playing dodgeball . I was bored in the outfield , so I was spinning in full speed circles . We were playing on black top . I tripped and ended up knocking three teeth out , I hate PE .	The Lamron Goon Squad was undefeated in the city of LOCATION . They were well known for winning championships in dodgeball . They practiced very hard . They also studied and watched game film . They recently won another championship .	During recess the kids at PERSON 's school played dodgeball . PERSON was playing and was the last man standing on his team . Three more players were on the other team . PERSON got all three out to win the game . Everyone in his team were chanting PERSON 's name .
the divorce	PERSON was very sad because her parents were divorcing . She feared that she would not get to see her dad much . As a family it was decided she would live with her mom . She was relieved that her dad was living close by . Every Weekend , she was with her dad and eventually she got used to it .	PERSON found out his wife was cheating . He was heartbroken over it . He confronted her and asked for a divorce . She agreed and tried to be civil . He 's upset but hopes the process will go as smoothly as possible .	PERSON knew she married the right man because he never complained . But she did . One day she complained he brushed his teeth too long . Later that day she complained he did n't like going out enough . That night , her husband of six months , said he wanted a divorce .	PERSON and PERSON had been fighting a lot . PERSON decided he was ready for a divorce . He filed the paperwork at the courthouse . PERSON was crushed . She thought they were going to get back together .	PERSON and PERSON were married for 20 years . Lately things were rocky all the time . PERSON told jack she wanted a divorce . PERSON was shocked , but agreed things were bad . They decided it was time to end their marriage .
cheerleader	PERSON always wanted to be a cheerleader . When her high school had tryouts she decided to give it a shot . She did n't have much rhythm but she tried her best . A week later the results of the tryouts were posted . PERSON was overjoyed when she found out she made the squad .	PERSON wanted to be a cheerleader . Tryouts at her school are soon . She practiced very hard . PERSON did her best at tryouts . She made the team !	PERSON wanted to be a high school cheerleader . She practiced her school 's cheer every day . It was finally time for cheerleading tryouts . PERSON was very nervous but smiled the whole time . She did such a good job she made the team !	PERSON wanted to be a cheerleader at her school . She worked out every day . She practiced a cheer . She went to the open tryouts at her school . She did her best cheer and made the team .	PERSON wanted to be a cheerleader , but could n't do flips . She asked a friend to teach her to flip . Together they worked on flips for a week . When cheerleading tryouts came , PERSON did her flips perfectly . PERSON made the cheerleading squad !
dishwasher	PERSON worked at a restaurant . But she was only a dishwasher . She wanted to become a chef . But could n't pay for culinary school . For the next 7 years , PERSON 's job made her more and more depressed .	PERSON hated doing the dishes . Dirty dishes piled up on every surface . So PERSON 's girlfriend bought him a dish washer . PERSON started using the dishwasher . Now the piles of dishes were a thing of history .	Yesterday , my dishwasher broke . I was so upset , knowing I would have to wash everything by hand . All day today , I was crabby at work thinking about it . When I got home , to my surprise , I found all of the dishes washed . PERSON had known I was frustrated , and washed them before I had to .	PERSON bought a dishwasher for his new house . He pulled the dishwasher out of the box . He then realized it was much too big for the kitchen cupboards . PERSON was too lazy to return the dishwasher . He put a piece of wood on top of it , and used it as counter space .	PERSON was tired of washing his dishes by hand . So he wanted to buy a dishwasher . He spent his money very carefully for a few weeks . And soon , he was able to afford a dishwasher . PERSON was happy he no longer had to wash dishes by hand .
cereal	I was eating cereal . Suddenly , something gooey was in my mouth . I spit it out to see what it was . It was a dead cockroach . So , I sued the cereal company and I won lots of money .	PERSON loved cereal a lot . One day , he decided he would eat it every day . After many months , he was sick of cereal . He loved it so he kept eating it . Finally one day , he stopped eating cereal forever .	PERSON poured himself a bowl of cereal . After , he found out he was out of milk . PERSON decided to try putting orange juice in his cereal instead . The cereal tasted very strange . He decided he would never pour orange juice into his cereal again .	I went to the store to buy breakfast food . I decided I wanted cereal . I walked down the aisle looking at the healthy brands . Ultimately I really wanted a kid cereal . I bought one with marshmallows .	PERSON 's kid loved cereal and finished all of the cereal . So PERSON had to go get cereal from the store . So PERSON drove to the store in the morning . She found her daughter 's favorite cereal and bought four boxes . Her daughter was happy to have more of her favorite cereal .
shoplifting	I was working when I got a call from the mall . My son was caught shoplifting . The mall decided to press charges . My son went to prison for one month . Luckily , he learned his lesson and improved his ethics .	Once I was at the PERSON PERSON drugstore with my friend . I wanted to make my friend think I was a rebel . I picked up a pack of gum and put it into my pocket . The shop lady caught me when we tried to leave the store . I started crying and my friend definitely did not think I was a rebel .	PERSON was at the mall with her friends . She saw a soft hooded sweatshirt that she fell in love with . She did n't have much money and thought about stealing it . In the dressing room , she ripped off the tags . Then she tucked it away and hurried out of the mall .	When I was a teen , I wanted a new CD by an artist I liked . I did n't have any disposal income at the moment . I could n't wait until I could afford it . I shoplifted the CD . It was such a bad CD , I stopped liking the artist .	PERSON drove to her local supermarket . She gathered many fruits and vegetables for purchase . She realized she did not have the money to pay for the food . Instead of paying , she hid the food in her purse . She walked out of the store without being caught .
lost luggage	PERSON was on a trip . He traveled by airplane . PERSON 's luggage did n't arrive with him . He had to deal with the airline . PERSON got his luggage the next day .	We were excited to be flying to LOCATION for our first Indian wedding . Our fancy Indian clothes for the events were in our checked luggage . Both of our flights were smooth and landed early . After going through customs we went to collect our luggage . So much for landing early because our luggage arrived 2 days later .	PERSON was taking a trip . His luggage did n't arrive with him . He talked to several people in charge . Nobody knew where his luggage was . PERSON was never able to get it back .	PERSON was on vacation . He looked for his luggage at the airport for hours . They eventually informed him it was sent elsewhere . PERSON was frustrated but understood the mistake . They were able to get him his luggage the next day .	PERSON made sure to check her bag at the airport . She was relieved she did n't have to carry it on board . When she landed however , something happened . She could n't find her luggage at baggage claim . She had to call the airline later .
PERSON 's book	PERSON loved reading fantasy novels . She started writing a fantasy story in middle school . She slowly edited it and worked on it for years . She finally finished at the end of high school . She hopes to be a popular fantasy author .	PERSON was a bit tired but decided to watch some TV . He turned his TV set on and chose channel 6 . But channel 6 was running old movies PERSON had already seen . So then PERSON decided to read a book and chose a novel . So PERSON began to read a novel but fell asleep in about 15 minutes .	PERSON borrowed a book from PERSON . PERSON lost PERSON 's book . He bought a new book to replace it . PERSON told PERSON what happened . He gave PERSON the new book .	PERSON was looking for a rare book . He found it on an internet site . PERSON ordered the book from the site . The book came in a week later . PERSON enjoyed reading his book .	PERSON wrote a book . He sent the book to a book publisher . The publisher read his book and liked it . He offered to publish PERSON 's book . PERSON became a famous author .
the reunion	PERSON looked at the time . The clock told her it was time to go pick up her son from school . She wondered what new story he would have to tell her today . She got in her car and drove the three minutes to his school . He was excited when he saw her and she realized she had missed him .	PERSON was having his high school reunion . PERSON had moved away after high school . He did n't like anyone that he went to school with . PERSON did n't keep in contact with any of his classmates . He did n't go to the reunion .	PERSON is going to his high school reunion tonight . He has n't seen any of his old friends in Years . The reunion was full of old friends . PERSON spent the entire night chatting up PERSON . PERSON had a good time at the reunion .	PERSON was scrolling through her twitter feed . Suddenly she saw that her favorite old band was reuniting . Since they were so old she had thought she 'd never see them live . Thrilled she went online to buy tickets immediately . The show was just as good as she had hoped it would be .	PERSON attended her high school reunion in July . She was excited to see that her high school sweetheart was also there . They talked and dance all through the night . They found out that they both were recently divorced . PERSON and her high school sweetheart exchanged phone numbers .
lost shoe	Yesterday PERSON got some new shoes . She was so very excited to wear them . When it was time for school , she tried to find them . PERSON looked everywhere for them . Unfortunately she never found them .	PERSON could n't find one of his shoes . He looked for days . Eventually he tried looking outside . Sure enough he found it buried in the back yard . PERSON 's dog had taken it out there .	I signed up for a running contest . I wanted to win first place . In the middle of the race , I lost my shoe . I decided to just keep on going . Even though it looked weird , I won first place .	It was time for PERSON to go to school . She had one shoe on . She could n't find the other one . She finally found it under the couch . Dressed at last , PERSON walked to school .	PERSON went to the beach . She took off her shoes and went to go swimming . When she came back to her spot , her shoes were missing . She looked around and saw some dogs had them . She ran up , grabbed the shoes from the dogs and left .
orange	PERSON was feeling sick one winter . So he decided to eat an orange . Soon , he felt better . His head and nose felt more clear . PERSON decided to eat more oranges .	PERSON 's head felt stuffy . So he decided to eat an orange . His head began to feel more clear . And he was n't sneezing anymore . From then on , PERSON ate an orange everyday .	PERSON wanted to attract more attention to himself . He wore lavish costumes . He decided he wanted to die his hair as well . He died his hair orange . He happily noticed people looked at him more after dying his hair .	The orange fell from the tree . It hit a girl on the head . The girl looked up at the tree . Another orange fell from the tree . That orange broke her nose .	PERSON 's friends all had new friendship bracelets . Everyone except PERSON . The next day her friend May brought one for PERSON . It was clearly made with the leftover threads . It was ugly orange and green , but PERSON pretended to be grateful
PERSON 's dinner	PERSON was hungry and driving home from work . She passed by a strip mall with a few restaurants . She only wanted to go the sushi restaurant . But she knew it was expensive . She decided to eat there but felt guilty .	PERSON was hungry , and he really wanted pizza . He called up a pizzeria , but their driver was sick ! So he tried another one , by they did n't deliver . He tried a third , but they had closed early that night ! Finally PERSON bought supplies and made up his very own pizza !	PERSON was hungry . He went to the grocery store for his dinner . He could n't find anything he wanted . PERSON gave up on grocery shopping . He stopped at a fast food restaurant for dinner instead .	PERSON wanted to cook a romantic dinner for his wife . He used a recipe he found on the internet . Unfortunately , he accidentally burned the meal . PERSON called a Chinese take-out . He still impressed his wife with his romantic dinner .	PERSON was hungry and did n't know what to eat . He decided to go get fast food . He put on jacket and headed out the door . The wind hit his face with a mighty chil . He turned around and decided to cook instead .
watches	PERSON broke her watch . She went to a watchmaker to fix it . She stood in awe at all the ticking watches . PERSON asked for a job to be a watchmaker . The man accepted her offer , and they built watches together .	Growing up PERSON was fascinated by watches . Their intricacy amazed him . He grew up and made enough money to collect them . He has a massive collection . He spends a lot of time admiring them .	Someone told me that watches are old-fashioned . She said that I looked like an old man when I checked my wrist . So I asked her what the time was . She pulled out her phone and unlocked it to tell me . I told her that her pocket watch was very old-school .	PERSON looked over the selection of watches . Some were cute with characters she liked . Others were clearly better-made . She chose one nice watch rather than 3 to 5 cheaper ones . This would prove wise , as she needed one for her chaotic trip .	PERSON PERSON 's grandfather had just died . PERSON PERSON acted sad at the funeral . Afterwards , he stopped by his grandfather 's house to examine his stuff . He saw a few expensive watches . PERSON PERSON took the watches and ran off before anyone noticed .
beach trip	PERSON had never been to the beach . He was dying of cancer . He wanted to go before he died . His friends wanted to take him . Unfortunately they could n't afford it .	I went to the beach yesterday . It took forever to get there . We had to use the gps . But the gps was not working . We got stuck .	PERSON went to the beach with friends . He offered to drive . Everyone else pitched in for gas . PERSON had a great time at the beach . He offered to drive again next time .	PERSON had never been to the beach . His friends bought him a trip for his birthday . PERSON was extremely surprised . They all went together . PERSON was awe struck by the ocean and vowed to return .	PERSON went to the beach with his family . His little brother lost his footing and went under . His family did n't notice until it was too late . PERSON was always traumatized by the experience . He did n't return to the beach for decades .
close call	PERSON loved to take her little parrot outside for walks . The parrot loved to be outside too . His favorite thing was to sit on a branch and feel the wind . One day a hawk swooped down and PERSON had to beat it off with a stick . The hawk flew away empty handed .	PERSON was walking home one day . She was texting her mom as she walked . Suddenly a car almost hit her , as she was not paying attention ! PERSON was terrified ! She vowed never to text and walk again !	PERSON liked to ride her bike on weekends . One weekend she decided to ride her bike in the country . She enjoyed the ride until some dogs started to chase her . One of the dogs got close enough to nip PERSON 's heel . PERSON decided to stick to riding her bike in the city .	PERSON was hurriedly driving home from work . Out of nowhere , a deer skittered onto the road in front of him . PERSON slammed on his brakes as hard as he could . Fortunately , he avoided hitting the deer . The deer then pranced off of the road .	PERSON had not prepared for the test in math . He was sure he would fail the test and have to take summer school . He tried to cram during lunch so that he would understand some of it . When he got to class a stranger came in and stood up front . She said his teacher was out sick so the test was canceled !
the ladder	PERSON was fixing a light bulb . It took a long time . He just could n't reach it . PERSON gave him a ladder . After that PERSON changed the bulb and was happy .	I saw my ladder in my friend 's yard . I told him it was my ladder . He said it was his . We argued about the ladder for an hour . Until we remembered that we both purchased the ladder together .	PERSON was putting up Christmas lights . He needed a ladder for the highest parts of his house . He was using a hammer to fasten the lights . The hammer fell and tom stumbled . He fell off the ladder into a pile of snow .	PERSON was fixing a shingle on the roof . He put a ladder up against the house . PERSON began to climb up the ladder . His dog ran into the ladder . The ladder shook and PERSON fell .	PERSON saw something on the roof . He grabbed a ladder and climbed up to investigate . It was a tennis ball . He pulled it off the roof and threw it down into the yard . He figured a kid had thrown it up by mistake .
old friend	PERSON tried getting a reasonable price for his truck . He grew impatient when no one expressed interest . PERSON chose to offer his truck to an a friend for a few hundred dollars . He drove it down to her house and gave her the keys . She expressed her gratitude to PERSON in the best way she could .	My friend PERSON hooked up with me a few Years ago . PERSON and I were good high school friends , but lost contact . I had seen PERSON in 2013 , but not since then . Tonight his wife contacted me on Facebook and said my email was bad . I sent PERSON an email explaining I had switched email accounts .	PERSON was missing a very dear old friend intensely . She had n't seen him in years and did n't know where he was . She started making research on the Internet . She found out that he had a blog and left a message there for him . He answered back right away , and they renewed their friendship .	PERSON ran into an old friend on the street . They had n't seen each other in years . PERSON 's friend wanted to hang out and catch up . PERSON hated himself and his life and did n't want to . He agreed to do so but then never replied .	I had an old friend named PERSON . Him and I used to do a lot of fun things together . One day the friendship became strained . I went to buy something from one of his friends and I got robbed . I had guns to my face and lost all the cash I had on me that day .
sushi	PERSON 's blind date insisted on going to the new sushi place . Kai had never had sushi and did not want to ! But he really liked the girl , so he agreed to try it . He ordered a vegetarian roll . To his delight , he loved it-as his date had said he would !	PERSON had never tried sushi before . That is the only place his friends ever wanted to go and eat . PERSON hated cooked fish so he assumed he would hate raw fish . He decided to try it on his own time so no one could laugh . As soon as the raw salmon touched his tongue he instantly gagged .	PERSON always wanted to try sushi . She was a bit apprehensive at first . She asked the waiter for recommendations . She ended up trying only cooked sushi . She now has a new favorite food .	PERSON went to lunch with his boss for the first time . PERSON 's boss wanted to have sushi . PERSON was terrified at the thought of eating raw fish . He let his boss order for him since he did n't know what to eat . He secretly put his food in his napkin when his boss was n't looking .	Today I went to the new sushi place in town . I had to wait an hour before I could be seated . When I got my seat , I decided to order three rolls . The rolls were so good that I ate them all . I have a new favorite sushi place to eat at now .
detective	PERSON had always wanted to be a detective . In fact , she wanted to go to detective college . She studied very hard in school . PERSON also got a scholarship for playing sports . Finally , PERSON was able to become a detective .	PERSON grew up watching crime dramas on TV . PERSON always admired the dedication of the detectives in the stories . PERSON enrolled in training at the police academy . PERSON worked hard and did very well . Now PERSON is a full detective with the NYPD .	PERSON was a detective . Her latest case was to find the killer of a young woman . She found DNA evidence that led her to a suspect . PERSON brought the suspect in for questioning . He confessed to the crime and is awaiting trial .	A man 's house is robbed . The victim calls the police when he discovered what happened . The police station sends a detective to the scene . While driving , the detective sees an escaped prisoner . He arrests the prisoner who also turned out to be the robber .	PERSON was talking to the detective about what happened to his mom . He said he was too young and could n't remember . The detective was frustrated and walked away . Suddenly images came back to his mind of his mom lying on the floor . PERSON ran back to talk to the detective .
earrings	PERSON wanted to buy a new pair of earrings . She lost her old pair while swimming at the beach . She browsed through a jewelry catalog for different options . She found a pair of gold hoop earrings . PERSON placed the order for the gold hoop earrings .	PERSON wanted to look her best for her high school prom . She thought about what she should wear . She decided she wanted earrings . She asked her mom to buy them for her . Her mother bought her the earrings and made her daughter very happy .	PERSON was very excited to get her ears pierced . On her birthday her mom took her . It really hurt . She picked out some really pretty earrings . She felt a lot better .	PERSON bought some earrings . She put them in her ear . Then her ears started to become painful . She realized she got an ear infection . She took out the earrings .	PERSON had a favorite pair of earrings that she wore everyday . She always put them in her jewelry box after work . One morning , she could opened the box to find a new pair . Her husband had replaced her favorite earrings . Even though diamonds , PERSON asked for her other earrings back .
paper cut	PERSON was sitting in class . And his teacher asked him to pass out tests . While PERSON was passing out tests , he got a paper cut . PERSON told his teacher . And PERSON was given a band aid .	I was mailing letters one evening . There were a lot of letters to mail and a lot of envelopes . When I licked one envelope , it gave my tongue a paper cut . I yelled out in pain from the paper cut . I then went to the kitchen and got a wet sponge for the envelopes .	I was writing a letter to my grandparents . I was almost done when I got a paper cut . It really stung and I got blood on the paper . Since there was blood on the paper , I threw it away . I had to write a newsletter .	PERSON was working as a secretary . One day he was handling a lot of papers . One of them gave him a paper cut . It hurt and bled more than PERSON expected . He wound up needing a band-aid .	I had a paper cut on my hand . I was hungry , so I went to get some pickles . The acid from the pickles burned my paper cut . It hurt so bad . Now I know to be more careful when I have a paper cut .
pregnant	PERSON is pregnant and a teenager . She does n't know where the baby father is . She decides she needs to abort . She goes through with it . She is feeling bittersweet about it .	PERSON and PERSON tried for several years to have a baby . Their doctor told them it would n't be possible to have one . PERSON and PERSON cried and prayed and decided to try again . One morning PERSON felt very sick . She turned out to be - finally - pregnant !	PERSON had a boyfriend . She ended up pregnant . She did n't know what to do . She told her family . Everyone was very supportive !	PERSON wanted to have a baby . She was already 35 years old and worried she waited too late . PERSON prayed and kept trying to get pregnant . She went to a routine women 's health check up . She was thrilled when the doctor told her she was pregnant .	PERSON and PERSON wanted to have a child . Their first stop was the doctor to get tests done . The doctor told them they should be able to conceive . PERSON and PERSON tried to get pregnant for months . Then one day they finally got the news that they were pregnant .
nurse	Raven was a nurse . She lost her job for some undisclosed reason . She has been trying to make money again . She ca n't find a job . She decides to use mturks .	PERSON wanted to be a nurse . She applied for night school . She was accepted , and she began attending night classes . She persevered for a whole year . Then PERSON was given her LPN degree !	PERSON was a nurse . She helps a lot of patients per day and it 's very tiring . She deals with a lot of anxiety . She got an anxiety attack . She had to be helped in the same hospital she worked for .	Little Marina was turning 6 and had a birthday wish . She wished to be a nurse for her birthday ! Her mom worked at a nursing home and had an idea . She brought LOCATION in to read to the seniors on her birthday . Little Marina was a nurse for her birthday after all !	PERSON wants to become a nurse . The only thing holding her back is that she hates blood . She decided to train herself to tolerate blood . She made herself watch lots of medical videos containing blood . Now PERSON does n't mind blood and is in nursing school !
the tornado	PERSON moved to a new city . It was in an area with tornadoes . PERSON had never experienced them before . The first time he had to deal with one was traumatizing . PERSON decided to move back .	PERSON and his daughter lived in a mobile home in LOCATION . While watching the news , they heard there was a tornado coming . They quickly went to the neighbors storm cellar and waited . They hear loud noises and when the storm was over they came out . They felt very privileged to be alive when they saw the destruction .	I went fishing one summer evening . It started to get dark quickly . It started raining before I knew it . I ran through the woods to may car . I saw trees toppling over from a tornado .	A big storm was brewing . A tornado was spotted in town . The girls ran to the basement . The storm was very loud and scary . There was a lot of destruction in their town .	The city was getting ready to celebrate Christmas . All of a sudden a huge tornado loomed above . It destroyed half the town . Houses were lifted off the ground . Christmas will never be remembered the same .
yard sale	PERSON wanted to get rid of some of her old items . She decided to put on a yard sale . She got her stuff together outside . Many people came to buy things . She made a thousand at the end of the day .	I went to the first yard sale of the season . They had a few good finds there . I found a nice trinket for my office . My daughter found a few toys . It was a decent sale .	Sue needed extra money . She decided to have a yard sale . She cleaned out her garage and closets . She found a lot of old stuff to sell . She made over $ 500 at her yard sale .	The PERSON family had a yard sale one day . PERSON got rid of her teddy bear from when she was two . It was hard for her , but she got twelve dollars for it . She bought a new shirt with the money . She ended up happy she had sold it .	Six year old PERSON liked going to neighborhood yard sales . One day he decided to have a yard sale of his own . He picked out some old toys he no longer played with . He put the toys on the lawn next to a big sign he had drawn . Several children stopped to look , but no one bought anything .
new look	PERSON likes trying different makeup on . Last Friday she went to the club with blue eyeshadow . She thought it was playful and cute . Her friends liked it . She got compliments from random boys at the club too .	Denzel 's wife had redecorated their apartment lately . He did n't like the new designers chairs or sofas . He told his wife everything was too stiff and unwelcoming . She argued it was high in fashion . They had to compromise so he could get one room for himself .	PERSON wanted to get a new haircut . So she went to her favorite salon to experiment . The salon straightened it and curled it at the end . PERSON was impressed . She could n't believe how good she looked .	A man grew out his moustache to give his face a new look . One side of his face was much patchier than the other . He tried to comb it to make it look better but he failed . Since it looked so bad he shaved the whole thing off . He went out to get a tattoo of a moustache instead .	PERSON wanted a new look . She always had mousy brown hair and glasses . Her friend PERSON decided to help her . When PERSON worked her magic , PERSON looked amazing . She could n't believe her eyes .
movie night	PERSON was standing with his mother at a Red Box . It was his turn to pick the movie to watch that weekend . He could n't decide between an action film and an animated one . He knew his little sister would prefer the animated movie . He picked that one to take home .	Friday night is movie night at our house . My kids pick the movie . My wife makes the popcorn . I make the drinks . We all fall asleep on the couch before the end of the movie .	PERSON wants to see a movie with his friends . They decided to go at 9 . PERSON does n't get out of work until ten that day . His friends ca n't go that late . So PERSON will have to miss the movie .	PERSON and PERSON were going on a date . PERSON picked up PERSON at seven and they went out to dinner . After dinner , they went to the movie theater . They bought tickets to a romantic comedy and grabbed popcorn and seats . They enjoyed the movie and had a wonderful date .	I popped a bag of popcorn for my movie . I left the bag on the couch to grab a drink . When I came back the bag was gone . All that was left was a small trail of popcorn . It led me to a very guilty looking pomeranian .
PERSON wants to be a star	PERSON was not going anywhere in life . He always had a passion for acting and loved movies . He decided to make a bold move . He decided to move to LOCATION and try his luck . PERSON continues to struggle but he knows one day he will make it !	PERSON always dreamed in his room of being a famous actor . PERSON was n't really sure about his abilities . PERSON decided he was going to give his dream a shot . He packed up and moved out west . PERSON continues to struggle but will never give up on his dream .	PERSON loved to play basketball . He wanted to be the very best at the game . He worked day and night to be just like his idol . The school was holding try outs to make the team . PERSON took the coach 's breath away and is now a star for the team .	PERSON was a dreamer . He had a good voice for singing . One day PERSON decided to enter a local talent contest . PERSON went on stage and sung country music . PERSON won the crowd over and won the contest .	PERSON always dreamed of being a country music star . He knew he had the voice to do it . PERSON finally decided to risk it all and move to LOCATION . PERSON struggled for months and months in LOCATION . PERSON knew it would take a lot of work but his dream would come true .
hope	PERSON wanted Hope to be his prom date . But Hope was popular and PERSON was not . He thought for sure she would refuse to go with him . He steeled himself and asked her anyways . And to his shock , she agreed !	Hope was a good friend . We rode on the bus after school one day . She walked home with me . She told me she was very poor . She was uncomfortable in our home because of it .	PERSON had a very sick friend named PERSON . PERSON had cancer and was n't expected to survive much longer . PERSON asked his church to pray for his friends health . To everyone 's surprise PERSON made a full recovery . PERSON thinks it was prayer but PERSON is not so sure .	PERSON felt so unlucky lately that he gave up hope . After losing so many games in a row he felt so down . He started practicing more and more . After awhile he started winning more games . PERSON felt a lot better after winning games !	PERSON had applied for a number of part time jobs . She had one interview . She had never heard back from them . Her savings were dwindling quickly . She was beginning to worry .
cat and mouse	A cat was chasing a mouse . The mouse hid under a rock . The cat pawed at the rock . Suddenly a loud sound echoed behind the cat . A dog had been chasing the cat too !	PERSON saw a mouse in his kitchen . He went out and bought a cat to catch it . He waited and waited but saw no dead mouse . Thinking his cat was useless he almost returned it . Finally , he woke up in horror to see a dead mouse on his pillow .	We had cats in our workplace . They were there to control the mice in the building . One day my boss came to work early . She saw a cat batting a mouse around . She got sick and went home .	I saw a mouse in my house . I tried to catch it , but it was too fast . I asked my neighbors if I could borrow their cat , Daisy . We brought PERSON into my house and she saw the mouse . Daisy ran after the mouse and caught it .	I walked out into the yard looking for my cat . He was on the lawn playing with a small object . As I got closer I realized the object was a small mouse . I checked to see if it was alive or not . The proud look on the cats face told me that no , it was not .
beach house	PERSON had always dreamed of owning an ocean front property . She knew she would not be able to pay for it with her current income . She found an easy way to make money online . PERSON spent all of her spare time on her second income . One day she will now be able to buy her dream house .	PERSON always loved the ocean . He would vacation at the beach often . He decided to buy a vacation home . He got one right on the beach . PERSON spent a lot of time there .	PERSON rented a beach house in LOCATION for a week . He planned to propose to his girlfriend . PERSON proposed to his girlfriend during a romantic sunset . She said yes . They had a happy marriage .	PERSON and PERSON were discussing what kind of house to buy . PERSON wanted to get a townhouse near the coast . PERSON wanted to get a cottage near the campgrounds . They found a cottage-like house that was right on the water . They decided to compromise and secured a loan for the house .	PERSON was supposed to clean a beach house while the owner was away . The owner was picky , and she could only go in the home when scheduled . But one day her car broke down . To escape the rain , she headed to the house and let herself in . When the police showed up , she knew she 'd made a big mistake .
PERSON 's party	PERSON threw a party for all her friends yesterday . The day before she had to run a lot of errands for supplies . She went to the grocery store for food and drink . She went to the party supply store for streamers and candles . All Penny 's friends had a great time at her party last night .	PERSON wanted to have a party . He called a few of his friends . He made lots of food . He bought some drinks . His party was a success .	PERSON decided to throw a party for her friends . She bought food and drinks for her guests . They arrived on Saturday evening . Everyone loved the party that PERSON had prepared . She was proud that she could make so many people happy .	PERSON was looking to her birthday in two days . Her friends from work and school invited her to a party . She could n't go to both parties . PERSON decided to throw her own party . She invited everyone from school and work .	PERSON was turning 16 Year 's old . Her best friend decided to throw her a surprise party . She invited all of PERSON 's friends over . She got a lot of food and a big cake . PERSON was so surprised !
cheese	The man squeezed the cheese . It felt too firm . He asked the grocer for a softer cheese . The grocer suggested brie cheese . The man bought the brie .	On Sunday my wife and I went down to our apartment building lobby . They had free coffee there , plus a tv . We watched a show about traveling in LOCATION . The dessert was a cheese assortment . I had cheese for dessert that very night .	PERSON needed cheese for her chicken parm . She found a bag of mozzarella in her fridge . She started to sprinkle it over her chicken , then stopped . She saw that there was green mold on the shredded cheese ! Disgusted , PERSON threw the cheese into the trash bin .	I opened the fridge to find something to eat . I saw chocolate cake and cheese . I could n't decide if I wanted cake or chocolate . I reached for the cake . Then I changed my mind and ate cheese instead .	My husband said he was craving cheese . I went to buy groceries the next day . I noticed a cheese assortment in a tray . I purchased it and took it home to him . He smiled when he saw it , and said thank you .
spill	PERSON was drinking soda in her mom 's car . She knew she was n't supposed to . Her mother hit the brakes suddenly . The soda spilled on the seat and the floor . PERSON was grounded for a week .	PERSON , a friend , and sisters were having a picnic . They set up plates of hot dogs , cookies , and soda . Someone knocked over a cup of soda . It spilled in the grass and on the sidewalk . PERSON decided it was time to clean up the picnic .	While waitressing , PERSON spilled a drink on her customer . She was so upset ! She thought he would be angry with her . But thankfully , he laughed it off and said it was okay . He even left PERSON a nice tip when he left !	My sister-in-law visited my wife two months after we were married . She had three children , 8 , 6 and 3 . The 8 year old spilled her drink and cried . We told her it was not a problem and reassured her . They left shortly thereafter .	Harry was very messy . And he always left food and drinks at his computer desk . He worried it might spill one day . But never bothered to clean it up . One night , he accidentally spilled a drink all over his computer .
water	When I was a child , I went to the lake with my brothers . My older brother was able to walk along the bottom of the lake . My little brother said the lake was too deep and refused to enter . The bottom of the lake was too deep for me to walk along . I did , however , manage to swim across the lake .	Feeling parched , I made my way to the kitchen . I opened a cabinet to grab a glass . I added ice and lemon slices . Then , I poured fresh spring water into my glass . I took a big refreshing sip .	PERSON noticed his skin was dry all of the time . He would use lotions to try and hydrate his skin . PERSON eventually went to a dermatologist . The dermatologist suggested PERSON drink more water . PERSON drinks more water and his skin is not dry .	She had to drink lots of water . The diuretics were draining her system . She was running low on electrolytes . She began to feel weak . She laid in bed all week drinking gatorade to feel better .	I wanted to sail the seven seas . I could n't afford a boat of my own . Instead I found a ship and signed up . The Captain was on a tight schedule . I found it rather boring .
black friday	PERSON poured over the ads . She was looking for the best Black Friday ads . She found a great deal on a TV . She decided to wait in line that night to buy it . She could n't wait to get it home !	Waiting all day had finally paid off . I was one of the first of dozens into the store this morning . When the doors opened , I went straight to the electronics section . I got the tv , put it in a cart , and went straight to check out . Once it was paid for , I got in my vehicle and headed straight home .	I decided to go out shopping the night of Black Friday to get deals . I waited in a long line to be let into the store . All around me , people rushed in to get the best deals . I relentlessly looked , but there was nothing that caught my eye . I left empty , tired and disappointed .	Thanksgiving was over and it was now Black Friday . This was PERSON 's least favorite day of the year . He was forced to be stuck in a Best Buy line instead of sleeping . He hoped the Television was worth waiting six hours . When he got into the store the TV he was after had already sold out .	PERSON loved to go shopping on Black Friday . She planned out her shopping strategy a month in advance . This year , she was hoping to get an especially great deal on a PS3 . But in the tussling crowd , she was pushed over and broke her wrist . Not even the best deals were worth the hassle that year !
late again	PERSON was going to a wedding . He was running late . PERSON finally got to the church . It was empty by the time he arrived . PERSON was more late than he thought .	PERSON called in sick to work . He stayed at home drinking all day . He stayed up to late at night . He woke up late for work the next day . His boss fired him when he finally got to work .	PERSON was always late for appointments . She was supposed to meet friends with dinner . When she did n't show up they decided to go elsewhere . When PERSON showed up nobody was there . She felt bad and offered to buy everyone drinks .	PERSON was meeting friends at a movie . He was running late . When he got there he missed part of the beginning . He tried to ask his friends to catch him up . They told him to be quiet and let them watch .	PERSON was late getting out of bed this morning . He was stuck behind a red light on the way in . After the light he drove behind a slow school bus . He got to work 15 minutes late because of this . His boss told him to never let it happen again .
the road trip	PERSON and her friends were about to go to different colleges . So , they decided to do one last thing together before they separated . PERSON suggested they road trip across the LOCATION LOCATION . Her friends agreed and they left a week later . On the trip , they had a great time and created amazing memories .	PERSON had her car packed and was ready to go . She was going to road trip through LOCATION . She had saved all year for this holiday . Just as she was about to take off she received a call from her boss . Work will just have to wait ' she thought as she sped off .	PERSON and her family went on a road trip . They drove a long time . They stopped to eat in a diner . Finally , PERSON 's father said they were getting close . Soon , they arrived at the LOCATION LOCATION .	I decided to go on a road trip to LOCATION to LOCATION LOCATION . My friend showed interest , so I invited him to go with me . When the day finally arrived , I drove to go pick up my friend . Happy and waiting with his luggage , he jumped inside and off we went . Two friends with nothing but the road ahead and smiles to be shared .	The couple was headed on a road trip . They were going to go to LOCATION and LOCATION . They could n't wait to climb mountains and camp out . On the first day , they got a flat tire . They decided the road trip would have to wait .
PERSON 's new puppy	PERSON recently felt he needed a walking companion . PERSON decided that he would adopt a dog . PERSON visited the animal shelter in search for a dog . Upon arrival , a black lab , jumped in his arms , and PERSON fell in love . PERSON was excited to adopt the black lab .	PERSON got a new puppy yesterday . She forgot to put the puppy in its kennel before she left for work . The puppy ate a bunch of shoes and tore the garbage apart . PERSON saw the mess when she got home and was furious . She did not leave the puppy out of the kennel again !	PERSON wanted a new puppy . Her mother took her to the shelter . She walked by all the dogs . She found a puppy that she liked . Her mother adopted the dog for her .	PERSON 's dog had puppies . One puppy was brown with a black mask on her face , like a brown panda . When PERSON 's PERSON said she could keep her , PERSON became her name . As Panda grew , over time her mask faded away . When asked about her name , she smiled because it was their secret .	PERSON stopped for a hot dog on the way home from work . A small dog began following him from the hot dog stand . PERSON split his hot dog with the puppy . He decided he liked the dog . PERSON took the puppy home with him .
construction	PERSON was new to construction work . On his first day he did n't know how to pour the cement . The boss yelled at PERSON for messing up . The crew could n't fix it and left it for a day . Later that day , a car hit the bad cement and crashed .	I was very angry about the construction by my house . It was so loud that I could n't sleep at night . I angrily complained to the construction manager . He told me that there was something he could do . He gave me a gift card to sleep at a hotel until it was quiet .	PERSON walked the same path to work everyday . There were not many buildings on the way to work . He enjoyed the pleasant , calming walk . Later he saw construction began at a location near his walking path . He changed his route to avoid the loud construction noises .	PERSON was running late to work . He tried to take a shortcut away from the highway . However , when he did , he ended up in a construction zone . He had to wait for the workers to finish . Once they were done he was able to pass , but he was still late .	It was finally fixed . It was a construction project . They had been working on it for months . It was a lane that was partly on the water . The closest exit was a mile away .
autism	My son was diagnosed with Autism . He went to see a top notch child psychiatrist . They tested him over a course of 3 days . They played with him and ran tests . In conclusion , they decided he was PDD-NOS .	My friend 's son is autistic . His family has tried several therapies without success . Their latest therapy was a special diet , which did not work . My friend posted a link to Autism research on FB . I put a like on it .	PERSON has a lot of behavioral issues . He has gone to many therapists . They diagnosed him with ADHD , anxiety and depression . But now he has many other issues . The recent Doctor said that all of his conditions equal to autism .	The doctor looked at me gravely . She put down her papers . She told me that my child was autistic . I burst into tears of fear and sorrow . I went home to tell my husband and make a plan .	I wrote the paper about autism for class . It was long winded and personal . The teacher asked me to stay after class . He wanted to talk . He told me I was a strong woman for what I was doing as a mother .
PERSON 's lunch	PERSON put his lunch in the break room refrigerator today . The refrigerator was cleaned out every day after 8PM . PERSON was n't able to take his lunch today and was hungry at 8:30 PM . PERSON finally finished with work and went to grab his lunch . His lunch was gone as it had been thrown out earlier that night .	PERSON did n't like the food in the school cafeteria . He asked his mom to pack his lunch . PERSON began to bring his lunch to school . One day , there was pizza in the cafeteria . PERSON wished he had n't brought his lunch .	PERSON packed a lunch for the field trip . When they got to the museum , she realized she forgot her drink . PERSON asked her friend if she had a drink . Her friend had brought extras . She shared with her friend .	PERSON had only brought three dollars to spend for lunch . She was n't really hungry . PERSON bought a soft drink and a bag of chips . Her friend gave her half of her sandwich . PERSON was full after lunch .	PERSON brought her lunch to work . She had been in a hurry putting her lunch together . When she went on lunch she opened her lunch bag . Her sandwich was only bread and mustard ! PERSON decided to run and grab a burger for lunch .
honey	PERSON loved to drink tea . She decided to try some honey in it . She poured a teaspoon in and took a sip . It was delicious ! PERSON decided to add honey every time she drank it now .	Bear found a jar of honey in his cupboard . He wanted to stir it into his tea , but he hesitated . The expiration date had passed over a year ago ! Then he remembered reading that honey never went bad . Bear stirred it into his tea and enjoyed its sweetness .	The other day I wondered where does honey come from ? I never saw a bee flying around with a small bucket . I decided to research the issue . The dictionary said it was regurgitated food . I learned that honey is bee vomit .	I love to eat honey . Alas , it is quite expensive . I decided to harvest my own honey . I built a structure to house hundreds of bees . After a few weeks , I had successfully harvested some honey !	PERSON decides to raise bees for their honey . PERSON asks a neighbor who is a beekeeper how to raise bees . PERSON 's neighbor is very helpful in providing information . PERSON sets up his beekeeping area in his backyard . PERSON will look forward to the honey being made .
christmas lights	PERSON wanted to put up lights for Christmas . PERSON decided to put up lights on Thanksgiving . Before having dinner , PERSON worked on putting up the lights . He ran out of time before he had to eat with the family . PERSON could not finish putting up lights before Thanksgiving was over .	The man strung up the Christmas Lights . He turned them on . They did not light up . He checked each bulb . He replaced the burnt out bulb .	The family took the Christmas tree and lights out of storage . The father tested the lights . Three of the strands were burned out . The mother went to the store and bought more lights . The family was finally able to decorate the Christmas tree .	PERSON dragged out her CHristmas decorations . She started to hang the lights on her roof . She slipped and fell off ! Her husband came home and found he lights hanging from the roof . He said they would hire someone to finish .	It was getting close to winter . The PERSON family decided it was time to hang Christmas lights . They picked out a set from the store . They hung them on the side of the house . When they plugged them in , only half lighted up .
adopted	PERSON was adopted from LOCATION . When she was 18 Year 's old , she decided to fly to LOCATION for a visit . She walked through cities , and sampled the local cuisine . She tried to find her birth mother , but was unsuccessful . She realized that LOCATION was her true home after all .	Kia 's parents sat her down on her tenth birthday . They told her they had some shocking news for her . Then they revealed that Kia was adopted ! They feared she would react badly to the news . Thankfully , though , Kia took it very well .	PERSON was adopted as a baby . When PERSON turned 18 she decided to search for birth parents . She found them after a year of searching . PERSON was n't very fond of her birth parents or their lifestyle . She became very thankful that she was adopted .	The family adopted a child . The child fit in well with the family . The family talked about adopting another kid . There adopted child felt nervous about that . The family decided not to adopt another kid .	My son 's friend PERSON is Korean . He was adopted by white people as an infant , He does not know anything about Korean life . One day my son interviewed PERSON for a school project on ethnicity . PERSON said he had no interest in exploring his roots .
the purse	PERSON was about to turn 13 years old . PERSON 's mom said she would buy her a new purse for her birthday . This would be her first purse so she was excited . PERSON started to search online . She found the perfect purse and got it for her birthday .	PERSON wanted to buy his wife something special . He got her an ostrich print purse . She opened it and was speechless . She did n't like the idea of an ostrich being harmed . PERSON said he would return it .	PERSON was shopping at the mall . She saw an amazing purse . It was so far out of her budget ! She decided it was worth it to spend the money . PERSON would have to eat Ramen for a month but she had a new purse !	PERSON drove off in her car in a hurry . It took a few hours for her to realize her purse was gone . She searched her whole car for her purse but did n't find it . When she was finished with work she drove home . To her surprise her purse was still in her garage !	PERSON just bought a new purse . It was a large black designer purse . As she was walking in the grocery store the alarm went off . The clerk had to check it . PERSON and behold there were 2 sensors in her large purse !
big sale	PERSON wanted to buy a new tv . He figured there would be good sales on Black Friday . PERSON found the perfect one . He bought it online and picked up in store . He still dealt with big crowds , but it was n't nearly as bad .	Will needed a new backpack for school . And he found out a big sale at an office store . But he told himself that he was in no rush . And he went a few hours before the store closed . When he got there , there were no backpacks left .	PERSON eats protein bars for breakfast every day . She stopped at Target to replenish her supply . Her favorite bars were on sale for 20 % off . She decided to stock up . Now she has enough protein bars to last several months .	PERSON wanted some new furniture . A local store was having a big labor day sale . PERSON went to find some stuff . He was able to get a few pieces at decent prices . It really changed the look of his place .	PERSON was tired of owning a clothing store . He decided to sell everything he had and go out of business . PERSON put up big signs and ran a major sale . A lot of people came to buy his clothes . So many people came that PERSON was sold out before closing time .
PERSON gets a car	All of PERSON 's friends at school drive their own cars . He feels ashamed that he does n't have a car of his own . PERSON works very hard to save money for a car . Finally he has enough money to buy a car . PERSON is happy that he finally has a car like all his friends .	PERSON has always wanted a car . He has to walk to work everyday . He works very hard to save up . He finally has enough for a car . PERSON goes out and buys his brand new car .	PERSON needs new car . He decides to head down to the dealership . He picks out a red car . He 's so happy with his choice . PERSON buys the car and does n't look back .	PERSON is an older man . He is offered a car . PERSON goes to get his drivers licenses . He passes all the test . PERSON gets his new car .	PERSON worked a part-time job after school . He saved the majority of the money that he earned . He eventually saved enough to buy a car . He bought a car from the local dealership . PERSON became a taxi driver with his new car .
bad impression	PERSON had an interview at the store . She was supposed to be there at ten . Unfortunately though she woke up late . She was ten minutes late to the interview . So she did not get the job .	PERSON found out his attractive neighbor was coming over . He realized he had a hole in his tee shirt . PERSON ran to his closet , looking for a clean shirt . The doorbell rang while he was looking . He had to answer the door in his torn up shirt !	PERSON woke up in the morning . She had a hangover from last night and felt sick . However , she managed to fix herself and go to her job interview . It was hard for her to present herself since she was dizzy . The boss thought of her as unreliable and did n't hire her .	PERSON introduced me to her dog . I approached the dog . After petting it , I got bit by it . My hand started to swell during the next hour . I left PERSON 's house after cleaning the bite mark .	I introduced PERSON to the family . They gave her a warm welcome , although she did n't behave well . While we were eating dinner , she was chewing loud . In addition , she influence my parents that she had no ambition at all . When she left , my family told me to dump her .
piano	I had a very old piano that sounded strange . I called a piano tuner to come take a look at it . The piano tuner told me the piano was ruined and could not be repaired He tried to sell me a new one for a lot of money . I ended up buying one and throwing the old one away .	PERSON wanted to learn the piano . Her family had a piano downstairs for all her life . She never used it but wanted to learn . One day she asked her mom for lessons , and she gave her them . She learned the piano over the course of a few weeks and enjoyed it !	PERSON wanted to learn how to play piano . So he decided to play about an hour everyday . He was careful to not get ahead of himself . And within a year , he was playing advanced pieces . PERSON was glad that he never stopped practicing .	PERSON wanted to play the piano . Her mom played her some private lessons . PERSON came for her first lesson . She wanted to play her favorite song . The teacher told her she is not ready for this difficult piece yet .	PERSON wanted to learn to play the piano . So he got the number for a private teacher . He started going to classes with the teacher . PERSON became pretty good at playing the piano . PERSON loved playing piano .
the room	The man entered into his hotel room . He threw his suitcase on the bed and collapsed in the chair . The phone in the room rang as he sat down . The front desk worker called to see if he got into his room okay . The man grunted and slammed down the phone .	PERSON bought a house earlier this year . It was a big duplex house . He fell in love with the kitchen . It was very large with a lot of space . He said it was the best room in the house .	PERSON went to work at a final inspection lab for a medical product . She was good at finding flaws , just like the other 7 women in the lab . The other women turned their defect finding skills towards people . This made the other women seem like a bunch of grumpy bullies . PERSON found another job away where she works at happily at home .	PERSON had a very messy room . However , he could not bring himself to clean it . He decided to reward himself with a beer if he cleaned his room . This made him finally want to do it . An hour later , PERSON had a clean room and a beer in his hand .	PERSON did not want to clean his room . His parents told him he was grounded until it was clean . PERSON decided he still did n't want to clean . His parents forbade him from going to his friend 's party . PERSON regretted not cleaning his room .
too late	The phone rang in the kitchen of PERSON 's house . He was in the basement when he heard it ring . He put down his work and ran up the stairs . By the time he got to the phone it stopped . PERSON cursed loudly and punched the phone .	Something was wrong with PERSON 's beehive . The bees were obviously agitated and she did not know why . She called a beekeeper who seemed to know what the problem was . He would come out to split the hive since there were two queens now . He saw a swarm of bees cross the street and knew he was too late .	I was hanging out with my friends at the park . My mom called me to remind me about dinner being ready . However , I stayed at the park for a few more minutes . I eventually left to go home . My mom told me that the food was completely gone .	My mom threw my homework in the trash . She tied the bag and threw it in the dumpster outside . I spent several searching for my homework . When she told me that she threw it away , I was frustrated . The rest of my night was spent completing it again .	A burglar broke into PERSON 's house . He stole his jewelry and several other personal items . Jeff called the cops and tried to stop the thief . The thief ended up escaping from the house . The cops showed up 5 minutes later \
letter	PERSON wrote a letter to her pen pal . Then she sealed it and stamped it . She walked down to the post office . There , she dropped it in the mailbox . She could n't wait to get her reply !	PERSON needed to get a message to his friend . He tried email , but his internet was n't working properly . It was n't urgent , so he decided to write a letter . It took him a while , as his handwriting was poor . After much effort , he mailed the letter to his friend .	PERSON PERSON was away for work . PERSON was really missing his dad . One day PERSON was sitting feeling sad . He got up walked to the mailbox . Then he saw the letter from his dad .	PERSON found a letter in his mailbox . It was addressed to his neighbor . He went next door and gave his neighbor the letter . His neighbor was very grateful . PERSON and his neighbor became good friends .	PERSON raced home from school . She threw her bike in the garage haphazardly . Then she hurried into the kitchen and saw a letter on the table . Hastily she tore it open and read . PERSON cheered to read that her first choice college had accepted her !
peanut butter	PERSON loves peanut butter . However , he is very allergic to peanuts . He snuck into the kitchen and ate a spoonful of peanut butter . He started to break out . PERSON 's mom started to work and rushed him to the hospital .	PERSON loved to eat peanut butter . She put it on everything . One day she noticed she was starting to itch . She decided to go to the doctor about it . Come to find out , PERSON had a peanut allergy .	PERSON 's dog loved peanut butter . One day , PERSON took the dog to the animal hospital . The veterinarian told PERSON that his dog weighed too much . PERSON decided to cut peanut butter out of his dog 's diet . Within three months , the dog achieved normal weight .	PERSON was hungry . She decided to make a sandwich . All she had was peanut butter and jelly . She made a sandwich . As she went to eat , she dropped her entire sandwich on the floor .	Jan loved peanut butter sandwiches . She would eat them every day . One day she got bad cramps and went to the doctor . Her doctor told her she needs to eat more soluble fiber . Jan eats bananas with her peanut butter .
wind	The wind blew over the trash can at night . Trash went all over the street . The man saw it in the morning . He thought the kids had spilled it . He yelled at the kids for spilling it .	There was a storm coming in LOCATION . The residence prepared for the storm . PERSON decided he was too good to prepare for it , and did n't . His house got a fence blown into a window . He prepared next storm .	PERSON wore a fancy hat as he strolled through the park . It was a daily ritual for him . One day the weather was especially windy . A large gust of wind blew PERSON 's hat off his head . He spent the next few minutes chasing after the tumbling hat .	PERSON was writing his new novel . Stacks of papers piled high on his desk . He was getting hot , so he decided to open a window . A gust of wind blew into the room . Papers flew everywhere .	PERSON had purchased an old house . There was a cool breeze coming into the house . She closed the window in her bedroom . The problem was there was no pane on the window . She covered it with plastic to get through the night .
smell	PERSON loved his girlfriend . One day she commented how he smelled bad . A week later she said the same thing . PERSON decided to take two showers per day . His girlfriend never complained about his smell again .	PERSON got home from school . His house smelled horrible . He could n't figure out what it was . He finally checked the fridge . It was rotten eggs .	PERSON loved his girlfriend very much . One day , his girlfriend told him he usually smells bad . PERSON never wore deodorant . PERSON decided to begin wearing deodorant . PERSON pleased his girlfriend by wearing deodorant regularly .	PERSON 's house smelled terribly . She took out the trash , but the smell persisted . She hauled the rubbish bin outside and scrubbed it . Then she rinsed it out with strong bleach . When PERSON brought it in , the smell was finally gone !	John noticed a bad smell . He looked everywhere , but he could not find the source . Then he noticed a brown smear on his shoe . He had stepped in a dog pile ! That was the source of the yucky smell .
the rainy day	It was raining all day yesterday . We were stuck in the house . We started to get very bored . We played some games . It was a long day .	The PERSON family liked to go to the park . They decided to go on Saturday . Saturday it rained . The PERSON family was sad that they had to stay home . They had a good day playing board games at home .	PERSON had an important interview . She drove to the town where the interview was in . It suddenly started to rain . PERSON did n't have an umbrella ! She arrived at her interview soaked .	Today was very rainy . I challenged my mom to a Wii bowling competition . She agreed . It was an intense competition . In the end I lost .	PERSON awoke planning to go outside and play . But when she sat up she could hear the rain on her window . She looked outside and saw the storm clouds were rolling in . Upset she could n't go outside she went to her bookshelf instead . PERSON lay on her bed and read books the whole day .
couch	PERSON loved his couch a lot . He would sit on it for hours every day . One day , his couch collapsed . This was a big issue as it was his only couch . PERSON rushed to the store and was able to buy a new couch .	PERSON 's couches were torn and beat up . So she wanted a new one . She went to the store and found a nice couch . She bought it and got help from her son 's to put it in her house . PERSON loved her new couches .	PERSON needed a new couch . Her old one was ragged and ripped . She went to the department store and browsed . Then she found the perfect couch ! She had it shipped to her home right away .	PERSON needed new couch for his home . He visited the store to buy a couch . The associate worked with him to pick out an affordable one . The couch was delivered to PERSON 's house on Sunday . PERSON watched TV blissfully on his new couch .	PERSON and her friends were sharing a suite in Vegas . There were four girls . And only one bed . PERSON did n't feel like fighting . So she decided to simply sleep on a couch .
