the spill	PERSON 's Mom always told her to never play with nail polish . PERSON decided to disobey her Mom when she was out of the house . Everything was going well until PERSON spilled polish on the floor . The bright red polish was all over her Mom 's new white carpet . Just then , her Mom walked in and sw what PERSON had done .	Bath and Body Works was full on Black Friday . PERSON was working as a cashier when she was 2 kids running in the store . PERSON asked 1 kid to stop running , but another knocked over a display . Body spray spilled all over the floor in the store . After cleaning the store smelled so strong it gave PERSON a headache .	PERSON 's family had gotten a new computer . Against her parents ' wishes , she snuck into the office to use it . She accidentally knocked over the coffee cup her mother had left . The coffee spilled all over the keyboard ! PERSON had to replace the keyboard with her own money .
runny makeup	PERSON was walking to school and reading over some homework . Suddenly , her paper slipped from her hands and blew away . She rushed after it , running for ten minutes before catching it . When she made it to school , she realized her makeup was running . All day she felt embarrassed without her makeup .	PERSON was out with friends . She wore a lot of make up . It started to rain . All of PERSON 's make up started to run . She had to clean herself off in a bathroom .	PERSON spent a long time getting ready for a date . Her makeup was on point . It started to rain when she was out . PERSON 's makeup started to run . She had to take it off in a bathroom .
red hair	PERSON was very self conscious . He was concerned about his appearance . A classmate said he is ugly because he has red hair . PERSON became very upset . PERSON improved himself in other ways to compensate for his hair color .	PERSON , a brunette , had a sister , PERSON , who had red hair . All the time while growing up , strangers would extol PERSON 's red hair . PERSON was so tired of hearing of the wonders of red hair . But later in life , PERSON had three red-headed children . Now she enjoyed it when strangers would compliment the red hair !	My little brother decided he wanted red hair . Without telling my parents , he bought a box of hair dye . He locked himself in the bathroom for an hour and would n't come out . Finally , he came out , and his hair was pink , not red . Everyone laughed at his failed attempt at rebellion .
jury duty	PERSON got an letter for Jury Duty . She threw it always like she always did . Three months later she got another letter . It was a letter to appear in court for missing jury duty . It seems PERSON would now have a jury deciding her fate .	PERSON had jury duty . She went to the courthouse . She went into the courtroom . No one was there ! Poor PERSON went the wrong day !	PERSON was not looking forward to Jury Duty the next morning . He was kind of nervous and was not happy . When he woke up though , he felt a little better about it . He spent all four hours just sitting there and was never called . On the way home , he knew there was nothing to worry about anymore .
PERSON wins	PERSON was going to make a bet . He was thinking of making it a big one . He was going to bet all of his savings on a Race . The day of the Race is here . PERSON crosses the finish line and Wins it all !	PERSON is a bike racer . He is entering a huge race . He starts the race . He gives it everything he has . He wins first place in the race .	PERSON was in his championship basketball game The game was tied at 80 PERSON 's team called a timeout to discuss the play 5 seconds left in the game PERSON gets the ball shoots and it goes in !
ham	PERSON was supposed to make a ham for the holiday party . The night before the party she went to the store . She could not find a ham . The store had sold out ! All the party attendees are sad there is no ham .	PERSON loved baked ham . He would put brown sugar on it along with pineapple . He forgot about it one day while it was in the oven . And a horrendous smell came over the house . They did n't have ham that year , and went out for burgers instead .	PERSON was walking down the street and saw a homeless man . The homeless man begged him for money . PERSON did n't give him money but felt bad he did n't help him . The next day PERSON bought a ham and brought it to the homeless man . PERSON no longer felt bad about the homeless man .
tires	On Sunday my wife went food shopping . When she got to the car she saw the low tire pressure light . She called me and I went down to get a pump . I am disabled and have trouble walking and bending over . We managed to fill the tires with air , luckily .	I had to get new tires for a long trip . I went to PERSON 's to get them done . I also got an oil change while I was there . It cost an arm and a leg . The trip was much safer with the new tires .	PERSON 's car was sliding in the snow . She took it to a garage for assessment . The mechanic said she needed snow tires , with better grip . PERSON agreed to get the tires . She was happy to make her car safer in the snow !
tutor	The little boy was failing math . His mom found a tutor . He made a B on his last test . The tutor continued to help . He ended up with an A on his report card .	PERSON was failing math . Her parents hired a tutor to help her . At first PERSON resented the implication . But the tutor studied with her and helped her quite a bit . Soon PERSON 's grades had improved drastically !	PERSON needed help getting on the starting team . He was worried that he was n't good enough for the team . He asked me for help the next day and I tried to help him out . After I tutored him a bit he asked the coach about the team . The coach tried him out a bit and was impressed !
inspection	My sister in law 's apartment was inspected today . The circuit breaker panel has a gap and needs to be replaced . It presented a safety hazard according to the inspector . My sister in law was not there and wanted to know why they said that . She is a bit paranoid .	My sister-in-law 's apartment was inspected today . The circuit breaker panel needed to be replaced . They said the whole box might be replaced . Work would involve cutting a hole into the wall . My sister-in-law was not pleased .	Thieves had stolen the pipes in PERSON 's empty house . She had to go a week without water . The inspector came to check the pipes . And the water was finally turned back on . She was happy to finally have water again .
stranded	PERSON and his family are on a private plane to an island . While on the plane the family notices the plane shaking . Everyone grabbed on to something the plane was going down . The plane crashed into the ocean and everyone was okay . Their only problem now is they were stuck on an island .	I was driving to my parents ' house , which is located on a farm . I was distracted when I got in my car , and did n't check my gas levels . Halfway to my parents ' house , my car ran out of gas . I pulled out my cell phone , but was getting no reception . I had to wait an hour before somebody drove by and rescued me .	PERSON was alone on the highway with a flat tire . She tried to attract the attention of drivers , but no one stopped . She stayed there till night fall until she remembered something . She barely had bought a cell phone . She used it to call for support right away .
the test	Today is the day of the test . I 've been studying for 10 weeks and the day is finally here . I go to the test center early to get prepared . I do one final walkthrough of my materials . Then I take a deep breath and head into the test center .	PERSON had a math test coming up . PERSON was n't good at math so he was scared . He decided to hire a tutor . The tutor was excellent and helped PERSON learn the material . PERSON aced the test !	I had studied and was ready to take the test . Armed with my number 2 pencil I walked confidently into the classroom . After the teacher passed out the standardized tests he said to begin . I carefully read each question and problem and filled out the bubbles . I finished before anyone and I know I did really well .
state fair	PERSON and I wanted to go to the state fair . We were both going to go as a date , but we had to include friends . She did n't have any other days to go , so we could n't go alone . When we went with her friends we had a good time . I spent a lot of money on food but it was worth it !	PERSON went to the state fair . She expected to go to the livestock show . When she got there it was nowhere in sight . She asked someone what had happen . All of the livestock was stuck in LOCATION .	PERSON and her family were attending the state fair for the weekend . It would take several hours to get there . They had entered several contests . Along the way PERSON wondered if they would win any ribbons . They finally reached the fairgrounds in the early evening .
the bus fight	PERSON was teasing an angry boy on the bus . The boy tried to ignore him but he would n't stop . Finally he lost his cool and the two began wrestling . The driver pulled over and yelled at both of them . Then , he kicked PERSON off of the bus for being unruly .	PERSON was riding the bus to work one day . She was trying to enjoy some music when she heard a commotion . She noticed two people fighting in the seats in front of her . It was escalating and she felt a bit nervous . Luckily the bus driver kicked both of them off .	Fran was riding on the bus trying to keep to herself . Suddenly a woman complained about Fran 's grocery bags . When Fran did n't respond , the woman became aggressive . Soon she was fighting meanly with PERSON . Fran hurried off of the bus as soon as she could .
ice cream truck	Every summer evening around 7:00 the ice cream truck would come by . PERSON and his sister PERSON waited eagerly for it to arrive on Tuesday . Their mother had given them each a dollar to buy a treat . At 7:15 the truck still was n't there ! Finally it arrived so PERSON and PERSON could get their frozen treat .	The kids were playing when they heard the ice cream truck approach . They raced to ask their parents for money for an ice cream . After getting their money , they ran out and flagged down the truck . Each kid waited and paid for their ice cream . They sat outside and ate their ice cream together .	The sound of an ice cream truck became more loud . I decided to run outside and look for the truck . It was moving on the left side of the street . When the truck arrived , I walked to the front . The driver offered several flavors to buy .
the new dress	PERSON bought a new dress . It fit her a bit tight . She figured she would just lose a couple of pounds . The dress stayed in her closet for a long time . Eventually she gave it to Goodwill .	PERSON wanted to buy a new dress . She was going to a friend 's wedding , and wanted to look nice . PERSON searched all over town for the perfect dress . She was almost ready to give up , but she decided to try one more store . The perfect dress for PERSON hung right in the window .	Joy bought herself a new dress . She looked in many stores to find one . She finally found it after hours of shopping . It was beautiful . She bought it immediately .
car troubles	John never changed the oil in his car . He thought he did n't need to . On his way to work his car clunked out . He could n't make it to work . He regretted not changing his oil	PERSON went out to start his car . It needed to warm up , due to the cold . He started it and it ran for a few minutes . A strange noise came from the wheel as he drove forward . It was flat , due to the nail sticking out of it !	PERSON drove everyday to work . On day his car broke down on the freeway . PERSON left his car at the mechanic . PERSON never fixed his car . PERSON had to take the bus now .
ocean	PERSON had never seen the ocean before . On his trip to LOCATION to visit relatives , they went to the beach . PERSON stopped and stared open mouthed . He was amazed at its vast beauty . PERSON decided the ocean was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen .	I lived in LOCATION for my entire life . I had never seen an ocean . I decided to take a road trip to LOCATION beach . Finally , I saw an ocean in real life ! It was nothing spectacular .	I went to the beach . It was my first time seeing an ocean in real life . I decided to take a dip in the water . Then , I noticed all the pollution in the water . I became grossed out and decided to leave .
the camera	PERSON loves to take pictures . She was at the mall and saw a special camera . She asked her mom to get it for her . Her mother said if her report card has all A 's she will buy it . When PERSON 's report card came , it had all A 's .	PERSON walked through a park and found an old camera . There were still 6 shots left on the roll . PERSON took a few landscapes and some of himself . He put the camera back where he found it . PERSON thought the owner will enjoy his addition .	PERSON loved photography . She bought a new camera to practice with . She took lots of landscape photos . When she developed them , she was very pleased . The photos were beautiful !
missing sandwich	PERSON was eating a sandwich . The doorbell rang . PERSON put the sandwich down . PERSON 's dog jumped at the sandwich . When PERSON returned , the sandwich was gone .	PERSON left a ham sandwich on the table to go get a drink . He had only turned around for a few seconds . But when he sat back down it was gone . He found his dog a few minutes later licking her lips . He knew not to trust her around the table any more .	PERSON put the sandwich he made himself on the table for a moment . When he came back into the kitchen it was gone . He looked around thinking maybe he put it somewhere else . He walked into the living room to check the coffee table . As he did , he saw his dog gobbling down the last bite of sandwich .
red balloon	PERSON was at work . He wanted more customers to come into the store . He went to Walmart and bought some red balloons . He then blew up the balloons and tied them up outside . The customers saw the balloons and came into PERSON 's store .	LOCATION received a red balloon from her teacher . She was so excited to bring it home ! Along the path , there were many thorny bushes . The balloon popped on a thorn ! PERSON cried the rest of the way home .	Ollie found a red balloon . He took the balloon for a walk . While walking he saw a shiny quarter on the street . He bent down to pick it up , and let go of the balloon . PERSON watched with sadness while the balloon floated upward .
hello	A student met his teacher . The teacher asked him about himself . The student did n't know what to say . The teacher told him to just say hello . The student said hello .	A man and woman ran into each other in their cars . They got out of their cars . They had a discussion . They both were smitten by the other . They decided to go on a date .	I answered my phone when it rung . It was the crazy lady calling from down the street . I traced her phone number to her house . I went to visit her at her home . I strangled the crazy lady with her own phone cord .
goodbye	I had a friend in college that I spoke to a lot . However when we graduated , we moved out of town . We were sad that we would n't see each other . We decided to both join skype . We then video chatted together every night .	My Aunt found out she had stage four lung cancer . Two days later we left to make the eight hour drive to LOCATION LOCATION . Six and a half hours into the drive I received a phone call . At home and in comfort she had passed peacefully minutes earlier . She lay in state when I arrived to say my goodbye .	The dog was thinner than ever . The cancer was obviously too far along . The family decided that it was time . They all went together to the veterinarian 's office . Together , they said goodbye to a member of their family .
the record	The PERSON family held the record for number of miles run as a family . They trained every day for six months . When they broke the record , they celebrated with a big party . They took a few days off from training . Then the started again , ready to set a new record .	The boy had high jumped seven feet . That set a new record ! All the competitors worked all season to beat it . The record stood at the end of the season . The boy was proud of his accomplishment .	PERSON wanted to listen to his favorite record . While opening the sleeve , he noticed it was scratched . A note was left from his brother , admitting that it was him . PERSON was very upset , but was glad that his brother was honest . He accepted his brother 's apology and decided to buy a new one .
PERSON the bully	PERSON was the meanest girl in school . She bullied kids left and right . One day the new girl she tried to Bully . The new girl stood up to her and told her she would n't take it . PERSON the bully had been defeated .	PERSON had a bad reputation . He was not nice to his classmates . Everyone was scared of him . PERSON worked to repair his reputation . He tried to be kinder to those people around him .	PERSON was a bully , and bullied all the kids at school . Everyone PERSON met , was scared of him . One day , PERSON met a quiet kid he tried to bully . As soon as he walked up to the kid , PERSON was met with fist . After being beaten for the first time , PERSON learned not to bully .
no brakes	PERSON never changed his brake pads . Eventually they started to give out . He was on the freeway and the traffic stopped in front of him . PERSON was unable to stop in time . He killed and injured several people .	PERSON drove a rather old car . He did n't do much maintenance on it . One day he was driving and his brakes went out . PERSON had to slow it down with the emergency brake . He started taking better care of the car after that .	PERSON was speeding on the freeway . He saw a police car parked on the side . Attempting to be inconspicuous , he did n't slam the brakes . He let off the gas instead . He got pulled over for not slowing down fast enough .
melting	The end of 2015 brought the end of my highest weight . I finally had enough and decided to schedule the surgery to fix it . The process went so quickly ! Before I knew it I was seemingly already in the post-op recovery room . It 's been 7 months and I keep melting away the fat !	PERSON was at the park . He was feeling very hot . To cool off , his mom bought him at ice cream cone . The ice cream started melting right away . Soon , the ice cream was all over PERSON .	PERSON got an ice cream cone . It was a hot day and it started to melt . She was rushing home in the heat . The ice cream kept dripping on her arm . When she got home , she was a mess !
failure	Ant was angry that he had just failed his motorcycle license test . But then he saw a bad accident involving a motorcycle . He realized that failing meant he was n't ready to drive a bike yet . He knew it was better to be capable and safe . Ant was no longer angry that he 'd failed his test .	PERSON was failing in college . PERSON had to get help from his counselor on what to do next . The counselor told him he was put on probation . PERSON realized he needed to get his act together . PERSON went to tutoring and he would go on passing the next semester .	I tried my best to convince her . She knew what she need to do but was conflicted . We talked for hours over the phone . She chose to make the trip to LOCATION alone . When she got there , she saw that she made the right choice .
the contact	Harry had enough evidence to go forward with the article . Telling him to be careful , his editor gave him the go ahead . Wanting it to be just right , PERSON wrote on it for a week . Harry 's editor proofed the article before publishing it . The next morning his editor 's phone rang off the took .	Harry was an investigative reporter for his local newspaper . He was doing a story on corruption in small town government . During his investigation , PERSON uncovered corruption in his town . Harry had received emails containing proof from an anonymous source . PERSON took his evidence of corruption to his editor .	While PERSON was there , his editor had a visit from a man in dark suit . Harry watched as the man in dark handed his editor a document . Harry knew it had to do with his article about governor 's office . After the man left , PERSON 's editor , PERSON , called him into his office . PERSON was forced to fire Harry .
broken record	PERSON got a new record player . He was excited to try it out . When he first played a record it sounded terrible . He was afraid that the player was broken . Same tried other records and realized the player was n't the problem .	PERSON played the record . He danced to the music . The record stopped . He picked up the record to turn it over . He dropped the record .	I 've been a teacher for nine years . I 've never had anyone throw up in my class . Today that record was broken when someone threw up four times . That person was me . So much for that record .
physics test	PERSON has a physics test tomorrow . He has been studying all week . He decided to pull an allnighter anyway . When PERSON got to school , he was tired . Luckily , his teacher postponed their test .	PERSON has a physics test tomorrow . He has not studied at all . He knew the formulas but did not feel confident . He decided to pull an allnighter . He was able to pass his test .	PERSON has a physics test . He has not studied . He pulled an allnighter . When he got to call , he was very anxious . PERSON was happy when his teacher postponed the test .
a day at the zoo	PERSON did n't like animals . Her family made her go to the zoo . She scoffed and rolled her eyes . Then she saw the parrots . She found an animal she liked .	PERSON took her kids to the zoo . They loved seeing all the animals . Her boys especially loved the monkeys . One monkey came and made faces at the kids . The kids laughed and laughed until they cried .	PERSON 's first grade class went to the zoo on a field trip . There was so much to see ! PERSON 's favorite exhibit was the otters . They were playing and splashing around like crazy . He could n't wait to visit the zoo again .
the cafe	PERSON went to this cute cafe for breakfast . They make these delicious scones . They have quite a few varieties . She got a blueberry one with her coffee . It 's one of her favorite places .	I went to the cafe last Saturday to get some work done . People kept walking by and tripping on my power cord . They looked at me oddly , as if I was a problem for them . As a solution , I used my laptop battery and unplugged from the wall . Now I can use any cafe which is available , and not worry about trips .	LOCATION decided to go to a cafe for lunch . He saw several of his friends there . PERSON sat with his friends . PERSON was n't sure what to order . His friends gave him advice on the menu items .
old shoes	PERSON was looking through his closet one day , when he saw a pair of shoes He took out the shoes and tried them on . The shoes were too small , so he put them in a box . PERSON took the box to a charity and donated the shoes . Later , the shoes were given to a homeless person .	I was walking . Suddenly , my shoe sole broke . I fixed the shoe with duct tape . Alas , the next day the laces frayed beyond repair . So , I decided to buy some new shoes .	PERSON was recently walking to the store to return some shoes . On the way there , PERSON saw a homeless man with no shoes . PERSON decided to give the shoes to the man instead of returning them . The man thanked PERSON profusely for the shoes . PERSON felt so humbled at the homeless man 's gratefulness .
truth or dare	PERSON was having a sleepover with her friends . Soon , the teenagers started a game of truth or dare . It was n't long before someone dared PERSON to kiss her friend PERSON . PERSON refused and thought it was gross . PERSON laughed at PERSON 's reaction .	Last night we played truth or dare . It was my turn and I picked a dare . PERSON dared me to jump in the lake . I was about to jump in the lake and I heard something . I looked in the water and their was a big alligator .	PERSON had a sleepover party . At the party the girls played truth or dare . Lily choose dare . PERSON dared her to go and kiss a tree . PERSON reluctantly did so .
fair	Kia went to the fair with her parents . She was twelve and thought she would be bored . But she ended up very surprised . The animals , rides , and games thrilled her . Kia actually had a great time !	The family went to the fare . They saw a goat . The girl wanted to pet it . The dad asked for permission . Permission was denied to pet the goat .	Today I am going to the fair . I plan on riding every single ride at least twice . When I finally arrived , I ran straight to my favorite ride . I hopped in line , and anxiously awaited the fun . When my turn came , I strapped myself into the ride and the fun began .
PERSON plays banjo	PERSON loves watching live banjo players . He decides to learn how to play banjo for himself . PERSON has lessons from a professional banjo player for a month . Finally he can play a simple tune on his own . PERSON feels great that he finally learned to play banjo .	PERSON had always wanted to play a musical instrument . She decided to start practicing banjo . At first it was difficult . Over time she improved . PERSON was happy that she was playing a musical instrument .	PERSON went to a neighborhood bar where a man was playing banjo . It made PERSON wish that he , too , could play the instrument . PERSON bought a banjo and began teaching himself to play . Soon he was a terrific banjo player . PERSON is so happy he learned to play banjo .
the cartoon	PERSON 's loved cartoons . Her favorite was The Yogi Bear show . She and her sister would sit and watch it for hours . One day she told her mother how much she loved the show . Her mother told her this was a show she watched in her own childhood .	The cartoon was very popular . It had funny writing and hilarious characters . Kids around the country would gather to watch it . It was on every Saturday morning for years . The kids were disappointed when it was cancelled .	The kids loved watching tv . Cartoons were their favorites . They rushed home from school and sat in front of the tv . They laughed through the whole episode . The show had put them in a good mood .
horseback riding	One day PERSON and her friends decided to go horseback riding . They went to the local ranch . PERSON picked a brown horse named PERSON . She rode her around the pasture . Everyone had a fun day .	I always wanted to go horseback riding . When I went to LOCATION , I saw my chance to try it . It was so hot in the desert . My behind was sore from the long trail ride . I have decided , horseback riding is not for me !	PERSON loved going horseback riding . She would go every weekend . Her favorite horse was always ready for her . One day PERSON 's horse was n't there anymore . PERSON was sad to know he had passed away .
PERSON misses the bus	PERSON was up until dawn studying for a test . He finally fell asleep . When he finally woke up he was late for the bus . He put his clothes on and ran for the door . When he steps outside the bus goes by and he misses the bus .	PERSON had a terrible night of sleep . He tossed and turned all night and only slept for 3 hours . The next morning , he slept right through his alarm . He woke up in just enough time to throw clothes on and run outside . Once outside he saw his bus drive right by .	PERSON was up studying late for her test . She was so determined to get a good grade . PERSON finally fell asleep at 3 am . PERSON woke up 2 hours later than normal . PERSON freaked out because she missed the bus to school .
photo contest	I wanted to win a cash prize for my art . I entered a photography contest . I bought a fancy camera . It took a long time to learn how to use it . I missed the deadline for the contest .	PERSON had always loved taking photographs . Her dream was to be a professional photographer and travel the world . She entered a contest where the first prize was a photography class . Unfortunately , a boy named PERSON took the first prize instead . Though she had n't won , PERSON was determined to be a photographer .	PERSON 's husband has never been a very good photographer . Imagine her surprise when he won first place in a photo contest . She celebrated with him , but remained suspicious . Then she found PERSON PERSON 's collar with a small camera attached to it . The prize-winning photo had been taken by their dog .
PERSON gets injured	PERSON is walking home from work . He slips on a banana . He falls and breaks his arm . Help is sent to PERSON . He gets his broken arm taken care of at the hospital .	PERSON was captain of his basketball team . He was the leader scorer for his team . Tonight he was facing his brother . PERSON sprained his ankle during warm-ups . His team lost because he had to sit out the entire game .	Jeff is playing rugby . He is trying to make a score . He gets hit hard from behind . He falls to the ground in pain . PERSON broke his ribs playing rugby .
regrets	PERSON had a long day of work so he went to the bar . At the bar he drank more than he expected . By the time he got his bill , it was over $ 100 . PERSON shrugged it off and paid it . The bartender told him to come back any time .	There was a girl in my class that everyone made fun of . She never fought back , rather she just looked at the ground . One day I saw her by the fence sobbing uncontrollably . I felt like something bad was going to happen , but walked away . The next morning I heard the news talking about a young girl 's suicide .	My father called me to his side on his deathbed . He was barely able to speak . Sometimes he did n't even know where he was . He asked me to do take care of myself . Just before his final breath he said he was sorry .
new beginnings	PERSON had just gotten a divorce and moved away with her dog Mini-me . She moved into a one bedroom apartment . She was nervous , but soon her and Mini-me made new friends . She soon became much more comfortable and happy . They lived there for 5 Years , then she bought a house for them .	I bought a house recently . Everything seemed perfect at first . The stove caught on fire . All of my things went up in flames . I will be moving again .	PERSON did n't have many friends in high school . She worried that she would struggle to meet people in college . However , she was surprised by how many people she met there . It was n't long before PERSON had made the best friends of her life . Her first year of college has always been a cherished memory .
new video game	PERSON got a new video game . Her brother wanted to play it . They got into a fight and got in trouble . After sitting in timeout PERSON and her brother made up . They played PERSON 's new video game together and found it was fun .	PERSON wanted to buy a new video game that was very popular . He did n't have enough money to buy the game right away . PERSON was determined to earn money and did extra chores at home . PERSON 's mom gave him the money he earned . Tim finally had enough money and bought his new video game .	PERSON wanted the latest new video game . He did n't have enough money . He decided to get a job at the grocery store . His first paycheck gave him enough money to get the game ! PERSON was very happy to get to play his new game .
sleep	PERSON kept waking up feeling very tired . He realized he could n't keep going on so little sleep . He decided to cut television and news shows to a minimum . He then found himself going to bed earlier . Now , PERSON gets 9 hours of sleep every single night .	PERSON was a very sleepy baby . She would not sleep unless her mom was holding her . Her mother really wanted to take a shower . She put PERSON down in her crib . PERSON began to relentlessly cry for her mother .	PERSON was bored . She decided to sleep . She tossed and turned to no avail . PERSON opened the blinds and looked outside . She realized it was only 6:30 pm .
mushroom hunting	PERSON walked in the woods on a warm spring day . He found a patch of wild morel mushrooms . PERSON plucked the mushrooms out of the ground . He brought them home in a canvas bag . PERSON ate morels for dinner that night .	I went hunting for mushrooms with my grandmother . We drove to the mountains . We looked where the snow had just melted . We found wrinkly mushrooms that looked like brains . My grandmother made gravy out of them for dinner .	The season had finally changed to Fall . PERSON smelled the damp air from the recent rains . He gathered all his supplies to go out and pick mushrooms . He found the first mushrooms in dense woods off the trail . He gathered the forest treats and with his basket full he headed home .
the new kid	PERSON started at a new school today . He was looking for someone to sit with at lunch . None of the other children would let PERSON sit with them . PERSON felt bad for PERSON . PERSON let PERSON sit by her and eat .	Billy 's family was moving and he had to change schools . He did not have any friends at this new school so he felt nervous . The day finally came for his first day , and he was still nervous . At school , he met lots of new friends . PERSON was relieved that he did n't have to be nervous anymore .	PERSON 's family moved away to a new town . So , PERSON had to go to a new school . She was nervous that she would n't make any friends . However on her first day of school her classmates were very friendly . PERSON soon had a lot of friends at her new school .
a trip to LOCATION	PERSON went to LOCATION . He asked the tour guide to show him the dragons . The tour guide told him that there are no such things as dragons . PERSON was really very disappointed . He asked for his money back , but the tour company refused .	PERSON had never been to LOCATION before . She was really loving the experience . Her sister had come along with her on the trip . They went all over LOCATION stopping in several different cities . PERSON would always remember her wonderful trip to LOCATION .	The woman had been dreaming of going to LOCATION . She made careful plans and bought a ticket . She was so excited to see the famous sights . She took lots of photos and enjoyed every second of it . She hung photos from her trip all over her house .
waste	PERSON was hungry . So he prepared lots of food for himself . But after a few bites , he was beginning to lose his appetite . He had two more plates of food . But it all went to waste .	PERSON was at a department store buying clothes . But when he was in line , he saw several school notebooks on sale . He ended up buying five notebooks for a couple of bucks . But he never used them . PERSON regret wasting his money on them .	PERSON thought he was hungry . So he prepared a large meal for himself . But after he finished cooking , he lost his appetite . And he only had a few bites . PERSON was regretful that he had to put the rest in the refrigerator .
gummy bears	PERSON knew her mom kept a secret stash of gummy bears . She just did n't know where ! She was craving sugar . She looked all over the kitchen , but no gummy bears . Finally she found them in her mother 's desk drawer .	PERSON kept a bag of gummy bears in her pocket . She ate a few in the morning and wanted to save the rest for later . Her work was hard and physically demanding . She was sweating and exhausted by the afternoon . She discovered that the gummy bears had melted in her pocket .	PERSON was sitting at his desk . He was eating gummy bears . His friend PERSON came over . PERSON took all of PERSON 's gummy bears . PERSON went to the vending machine and bought some more .
full moon	PERSON wanted to go for a walk . He was concerned for his safety as it was nighttime . He did not consider the full moon . The full moon lit up his pathway perfectly . PERSON had a safe walk under the moonlight .	PERSON was walking home from work one night . He passed a large glass building that reflected light like a mirror . As PERSON was admiring himself he noticed the full moon . The moon was a soft shade of orange . PERSON walked the rest of the way entranced by the moon 's soft light .	I was sitting by the lake at night . I wanted to see the full moon . However , it was a cloudy day . I waited for a long time . Finally , the clouds disappeared , making the moon visible .
a cold day	PERSON woke up one morning and was getting ready for school . He looked out the window of his room . He saw that it was snowing outside . He decided it would be a good idea to put on a jacket . He made it to school on time and comfortably .	PERSON was running late for school . He could see the bus pulling up down the road . PERSON ran outside to catch the bus . He forgot to take his jacket . PERSON was cold for the rest of the day .	PERSON woke up on a cold morning . Ice had begun to coat the frame of his bedroom window . He went and prepared himself for the day and the cold weather . PERSON walked towards his front door to go outside . He opened the door took one step outside and fell on his bottom .
prom night	PERSON went to prom with friends . Once there he noticed a cute girl was also alone . He went up and asked her to dance . She agreed to it . They danced all night and had fun .	I went on my prom in 1988 . My date PERSON , was a friend and a co worker . We took pictures and ate as soon as we entered the venue . After eating , we hit the dance floor and cut up a rug . When prom was over , we went for late ice cream and headed home .	PERSON was excited for her senior year prom that night . She could n't believe that the cutest guy had asked her out . She always thought of herself as frumpy and awkward with an underbite . When she went to meet him at the dance her heart froze still . He explained how he lost a bet and had to be her date .
locked out	One day I was being really impatient with myself . I was taking a long time to leave the house and I was finally fed up . I walked swiftly out of my apartment door and slammed it . I then realized that I forgot my keys in my frustration . Humiliated I had to ask my landlord for the spare keys .	PERSON 's neighbor lost her keys . She was locked out of her house and asked PERSON for help . PERSON helped her look for her lost keys . He ended up finding her spare key hidden in her glove compartment . She was so thankful that she baked cookies for PERSON .	PERSON went for a walk one day to the store . When she arrived home , she searched her purse for her keys . She realized she forgot them and she was locked out ! Thankfully she remembered she left a window unlocked . From that day on , she never forgot her keys again !
hockey	The hockey game was tied up . The blue team had the puck . They sprinted down the ice . They cracked a shot on goal ! They scored it !	A little boy went to his first hockey game . He was so happy that the home team beat the opponent . For Christmas , he asked for some ice skates . He practiced skating every day . Years later , he became the star of his high school hockey team .	When PERSON and his brothers were kids they would play hockey . They stopped when they became teenagers . But PERSON called his brother one day and told them they should play . They agreed to play on Saturday . PERSON was glad to play with his brothers again .
the sale	PERSON wanted to earn some money . He made a sign that said `` Yard Sale '' . He sat outside with the sign and some toys he no longer played with . A man walking by bought a yo-yo for 25 cents . PERSON felt like a successful businessperson .	PERSON was excited about the big sale at her favorite store . She got there early to take advantage of the deals . She found several items that she liked . She got on line to pay for her things . Afterwards , PERSON called her friend to brag .	PERSON was excited about his recent purchase . He thought he got a good deal on it . Shortly after it was put on sale for less . PERSON was upset but called the store . they were able to match the price since it was a recent purchase .
pottery	PERSON had to take a pottery class in high school . And he initially had no interest in it . But he found it as a way to express himself . And he made lots of cups , bowls , and plates . After selling many of his creations , PERSON was happy he took the class .	PERSON wanted to learn how to craft pottery . So she attended a pottery class every weekend . Her teacher did n't give her much instruction . But her desire to learn was very helpful . And after a few years , she was selling pots and vases she made .	PERSON wanted to meet women . He decided to take a pottery class . The first day in class he met PERSON . PERSON mustered up his nerve and asked her on a date . They had a great time at dinner later that night .
the therapist	The couple had been fighting a lot . They went to a therapist to talk through their issues . The therapist helped them talk about things more calmly . They were feeling more optimistic about their relationship . They had the tools to work through their troubles .	PERSON was a mess . She hired a therapist to help her fix her life . The therapist gave her lots of good advice . PERSON 's life started to improve . She knew she was on the right path .	PERSON and PERSON were having marriage troubles . They went to see a therapist . They tried to talk out all their problems . Their communication skills improved . Soon , they were happy again .
rudeness	Everybody sat on the dinner table . The waiter took their orders . The orders came several minutes later . When PERSON left to use the bathroom , PERSON stared at his food . He ate a large amount from the plate as fast as he can .	PERSON was spending time with her friend . Her friend was on her phone the entire time . PERSON thought it was rude . Finally PERSON asked her to leave . Her friend was annoyed .	PERSON was walking around the pool . She was talking on the cell phone . PERSON did n't notice however , he was running towards her . He pushed her back and she landed in the pool . Her phone broke since it got soaked .
the dog walker	LOCATION was full time dog walker who loved dogs and loved his job . He walked 5 dogs at a time and went to the park every day . He could handle all the dogs with ease but on this day he had a pit . The pit was strong and he ran off while LOCATION tried to keep control . The dog bit some children and LOCATION was fired unable to work again .	Abbey was walking through the park one day . Suddenly a flurry of dogs ran past her , knocking her over . A man holding a dog leash helped her to stand up . He introduced himself as the dog walker , and struck up a nice chat . After awhile , the two exchanged numbers and promised to meet up .	PERSON needed extra money . He decided to be a dog walker . He would go to people 's ' homes while they were at work . He 'd walk their dogs until they were tired . PERSON liked being outdoors and working with animals .
the math test	PERSON has a very important math test next week . He is really worried about passing with a good grade . PERSON decided to ask his teacher for ideas on great study tips . His teacher gave him some really great studying advice . The next week PERSON passed his test with a perfect score .	PERSON forgot to study for the big math exam . She was worried she would fail the class if she did n't do well . PERSON decided to cheat off of a classmates test . The teacher caught PERSON copying her classmate 's answers . PERSON was given a zero on the test .	PERSON was terrible at math but he had a quiz that day in it . He studied that morning before breakfast and on the bus . He was nervous he was going to fail . When the time came , PERSON took his time and tried his best . He got his score back the next day and he passed !
try outs	PERSON tried out for the high school basketball team . He was cut from the team because he was not tall or fast enough . He was upset but he was determined to become better . During the summer he worked on his speed and also had a growth spurt . He tried out again the next season and made the team .	PERSON wanted to try out for the school soccer team . He was so excited he practiced everyday after school for hours . He signed up for tryouts . When he went to tryouts he did a great job . PERSON made the soccer team !	I tried out for a minor league basketball team this year . But i did not make the team . It was clear that I was too slow and could n't jump high enough . I wrote down all the things I need to improve on . I 'm going to work very hard and try again next year .
make up	PERSON always wear make up in school . Her friends do n't like how jana do her makeup . So her friends confronted her in a nice way . But jana did n't listen and still putting her makeup on . Because of that her friends knew her true attitude .	PERSON and her sister PERSON were arguing . PERSON was in the wrong , so she apologized . PERSON instantly calmed down . She apologized for yelling at her sister while angry . Her mother stood on proud at the girls for being so mature .	Browsing through the cosmetic store , PERSON was on a mission . She was looking for a good concealer set . Overwhelmed by her options , she asked for assistance . The make up artist recommended a brand to her . After purchasing it , she 's glad she listened to him .
sleepy PERSON	PERSON was very sleepy almost every day . This made it difficult for her to get her work done . She went to her doctor to find out what the problem was . Her doctor diagnosed her with sleep apnea . After getting treatment , PERSON was n't sleepy anymore .	Adam liked to go to parties and stay out late . He would often be very sleepy the next day . It got so bad that he started to fall asleep at work . PERSON decided that being an air traffic controller was n't a good fit . PERSON started working as a party disc jockey .	PERSON wanted to go to sleep . He had school early the next day . Michael ended up playing video games . He played till very late at night . Jeff fell asleep in class .
making brownies	PERSON wanted to make some brownies . PERSON found her grandmother 's brownie recipe to use for the brownies . After gathering the ingredients , PERSON mixed the ingredients . Once mixed , PERSON placed the batter in the oven to bake . Once cooled , PERSON enjoyed the taste of the brownies she baked .	Sue had to make brownies for her party . Halfway through baking she realized that she had no eggs . Sue walked to her neighbor 's to borrow two . The neighbor greeted her at the door . He gave her two eggs and told her to not worry about repayment .	PERSON decided to have PERSON help her make brownies . PERSON loved to cook , especially baking sweets . His Mother had him carefully measure the ingredients into the bowl . PERSON helped his Mother mix the ingredients together . After all the hard work PERSON enjoyed some delicious brownies .
false hope	PERSON bought a lottery ticket . She filled in the information on the ticket . The announcement of the lottery winner began at night . The first three numbers of PERSON 's ticket was called by the speaker . However , the speaker said a different number for the fourth one .	PERSON came home after a long day out . He was starving . He approached the cabinet and grabbed the cereal box . There was no cereal after he looked inside of the cereal . His brother confessed that he finished the rest of the bag .	My mom borrowed $ 100 dollars from me and promised to pay me back soon . A few days later , I asked if she had the money . She told me that she actually needed to borrow more . I refused and walked away . We did n't talk for the whole day .
waste of time	I needed money . I delivered flowers for a flower shop the week of Mother 's Day . I used my car to drive all over the city . I started to hear my brakes making squeaking sounds . All the driving meant I had to spend my earnings on new brake pads .	The leaves in PERSON 's yard were covering all of his grass . He went to the shed to find his rake to take care of it . The rake was missing and he only had a shovel . Fred tried to use the shovel to move the leaves . He gave up after 30 minutes of trying and not getting much done .	Sue has spent all her time working on her paper . She was confident it was perfect . When she got to school , her teacher made an announcement . She was not taking up the papers . PERSON was furious that she wasted all her time .
the dolphin	The family went on a boat tour . They saw a dolphin swimming along behind them . It would jump in and out of the water . Then it swam away quickly . It had been an amazing sight to see !	The travel agent was very excited . She had just booked her clients for a dolphin experience . They were very excited to touch such an amazing creature ! The told her they would take lots of pictures . The travel agent could n't wait to hear all about it !	PERSON and her husband were on vacation . She 'd always dreamed of touching a dolphin . They paid to get in the pool with it . She squealed with delight when it swam by her . She thought it was an amazing creature !
allergies	Fall allergies had begun . She awoke with swollen eyes and a runny nose . Her eyes were even beginning to tear up . She took some benadryl in her night stand . She fell back to sleep because they made her drowsy .	PERSON was at a birthday party . They were serving cake . PERSON did n't know there were nuts in it . He was allergic to nuts . PERSON had to be taken to the hospital .	PERSON had gotten a pet dog . His daughter started sneezing . He brought his daughter to the doctor . His daughter was allergic to the dog . PERSON had to get rid of the dog .
new hair	PERSON wanted to look her best for her date . She went to her hair salon . She got her hair cut and styled . She felt like a million bucks . Her date complimented her and said she looked great .	PERSON decided she needed a new look . She was tired of her hairstyle . She found a stylist she liked . She finally decided to get her hair cut . She loved her new look .	PERSON was bored of her long brown hair . Her parents told her not to cut it , but she went to a salon anyways . She decided to get it cropped very short . She also got it dyed blue . Her parents grounded her , but secretly like the new look .
olympics	The opening ceremonies of the olympics went on . The teams competed the following weeks . Some teams one , some did n't . The closing ceremonies happened . The olympics were over .	PERSON loved running . Her dream was to be in the Olympics . She trained every day . In high school , she was on track and broke records for speed . When she was 21 she ran track in the Olympics and got a silver medal .	LOCATION made a bid for the Olympics . They promised to clean their city . They won the contract . They hired a good manager to oversee operations . The Olympics went smoothly .
the engagement ring	PERSON was going out to dinner with her long time boyfriend . She was sure he would pop the question tonight . She waited all throughout dinner but nothing happened . A waiter brought her a glass of Champagne . To her delight , PERSON saw a perfect ring in the bottom of her glass .	PERSON kept looking at her hand . She had finally gotten an engagement ring ! It was so sparkly and beautiful . Fran could n't wait to marry her love . It was an exciting time for her !	PERSON wanted to propose to his girlfriend . He picked out a beautiful ring . When he was ready to pop the question , he took her to dinner . He dropped to one knee and asked her to be his wife . She cried and accepted .
the cabin	Wanting a new life , PERSON bought a plot of forest land . The first day he had it , he decided to build a cabin . He decided to build the cabin himself , from trees on the land . He immediately started cutting down large trees . By the end of the first day , he had enough wood to start building .	The cabin was deep in the woods next to a stream . It was the perfect getaway . PERSON and his family were headed there for the weekend . They spent the weekend hiking and having a good time . As they left they all agreed it was a great place .	This week we went to the family cabin . We all had to pitch in and clean when we got there , it was so dirty . There were cobwebs and dust everywhere . There was even a giant spider . We did n't smash the spider though , we put it outside .
internet	Our internet service was out last weekend . It did not get fixed until Monday . It went down on July 4th as well . Many people complained about the poor service . In response , the management decided to upgrade service to FIOS .	The man browsed the internet . He visited an unsafe site . He got a computer virus . He could not get rid of it . He threw out the computer .	A couple 's internet went out . They called the cable company . They sent someone to fix it . It took the repairman forever . The couple complained .
the soccer game	The team had practiced for weeks . Finally , their first game was here ! They gathered on the field and listened to their coach . They were pumped up and ready to go ! The team played well and won by five goals !	PERSON hated every second of playing soccer . He only joined to make his dad happy . It was ironic that he turned out to be so good . He 's at the championship with high expectations . Nobody knows he 's about to throw the game .	PERSON was running down the pitch . PERSON was yelling for the ball . PERSON was trying to dribble the ball to goal . Unfortunately , PERSON lost the ball at the last minute . Their team lost the game and was sad .
crime	PERSON PERSON was finally satisfied . He spent most of his life climbing up from the criminal underbelly . Now that he was a criminal overlord , he directed his henchmen . Unfortunately , PERSON PERSON 's conscience got a hold of him long ago . His orders to the henchmen had them , and the syndicate , get caught .	PERSON had a photographic memory . One day she witnessed a crime at a grocery store . She offered her assistance to the police in identifying the suspect . She thought back to the incident . They caught the suspect and he went to jail thanks to PERSON .	PERSON needed some money . He decided to steal somethings . He thought it was a bad idea . He did it anyway . He got caught .
the helicopter ride	It was PERSON 's 16th birthday His family wanted to do something special for him . They awoke him to the sound of propellers . A helicopter had landed in his front yard . A pilot took him on a helicopter over town for his birthday .	PERSON rode in a helicopter today . She was nervous as the helicopter lifted off the ground . She felt the whole helicopter rattle and shake . Once they were in the sky , PERSON could see everything in her city . PERSON had never seen such a beautiful view before .	PERSON 's son loved helicopters . She promised herself one day she would get him on a helicopter . Next , her new boyfriend told her he could fly a helicopter . He arranged to fly a newspaper 's small helicopter . PERSON 's boyfriend took her son on a fifteen minute helicopter flight .
rooster	The sun came up . The roosters crowed for the new day . The man awoke to the rooster 's sound . He got up and went to the farm . He fed the crowing rooster first .	Every morning , my alarm went off . I did n't have a normal alarm , however . My alarm happened to be the neighbor 's rooster . At the same time each morning , he would crow . I hated it back then , but grew to miss it one day .	PERSON had trouble waking up in the morning . He decided to buy a rooster to help him wake up . In the morning , the rooster made a loud sound to wake everyone up . Matt still did n't want to get up . He killed the rooster .
feelings	The man was too sensitive . He saw a counselor . The counselor gave him some advice . The man did n't like the advice . The man asked for a different counselor .	PERSON was an unfeeling little brute . She bullied everyone around her with contempt and malice . One day , PERSON slipped on an icy sidewalk . No one stopped to help her , or even call the police . She died of hypothermia after many excruciating hours .	I used to be scared to share my feelings . Sadly , I fell in love then told the world . My love was rejected , stomped on and threw to the wind . I discovered good feelings make your skin shine . Did I mention I 'm glowing all the time now ?
prank calls	PERSON kept getting prank calls . He would get them late at night . He was starting to lose sleep over it which was n't good . PERSON decided to disconnect his phone before bed . PERSON slept much better after doing this .	My cousin and I were prank calling one night . We prank call everyone we seen in the phone book . We were having a good time until someone recognize our voice . The person was our next door neighbor staying at someone else 's house . Our parents found out and we got grounded .	PERSON had just learned how to used the telephone at home . His mother had told him not to play around with the phone . While his mother had gone into the backyard , PERSON picked up the phone . He a bunch of random numbers and hung up many times . PERSON already went back to playing with his toys as his mother returned .
black eye	When I was in elementary school I got a black eye . I was running to go see the new tulips blooming when I tripped . I ended up slipping and falling on the pavement . I fell flat on my face . I ended up having a black eye for two weeks and a scrape .	Last week PERSON was planting tulips . When she wanted to check them bloom , she ran . Running down the pavement , she slipped . She fell flat on her face . PERSON ended up with a black eye .	My mother had a black eye . She told me she fell . Really my father hit her . It made me mad and scared . I told my friends mother who helped me .
hot chocolate	It was a very cold winter day . I was walking home for miles . I was very cold and trying to hurry home . I saw my house and rushed to the door . I went inside and my mom made hot chocolate for me .	PERSON had guests over . He put up a chocolate fountain . Unfortunately it malfunctioned and overheated . It made all the chocolate way too hot . Several guests burned their tongues .	PERSON 's mom decided to give him a treat . Since it was cold outside she made him hot chocolate . He loved it . He added lot of marshmallows . He asked if they could make more later .
dressing up	PERSON was going to Blockbuster to rent movies . She had talked her grandma into driving her there . There was an older boy working there she had a crush on . She wanted to impress him but looking older . The only problem was lip gloss was the only makeup she could wear .	I like to dress up for school each morning . I like to wear a suit and tie to look very professional . At first the other kids were making fun of me . Now the other kids are starting to dress up too . I like that others think I had a good idea about dressing up .	PERSON has a lot of unusual friends in high school . One day they all wore dress to school . The guidance counselor got very angry . He called all the parents . The students went home early that day .
overdraft	PERSON was out to eat . His card got denied . He called his bank . His paycheck had n't gone in and he was overdrafted . He got an extra fee on top of it .	PERSON had very little money in the bank . Then she received an overdraft notice in the mail . The bank had charged their $ 10 monthly fee , and PERSON had nothing . So they assessed an $ 39 overdraft fee - each day ! PERSON , disgusted , closed out her account that very day .	When I got home , I noticed that my credit card was missing . I remembered that it inside my job but it was gone during the next day . I called the credit card company to cancel the card . They warned me about an unauthorized purchase for $ 500 dollars . I immediately filed a claim and got a refund within a week .
flower girl	Being a flower girl was a big responsibility . PERSON had to make the petals last all the way down the aisle . She carefully sprinkled the petals as she walked . The aisle was perfect for the bride . She had done a good job !	PERSON was going to be a flower girl in her cousin 's wedding . She practiced at home how she would walk down the aisle . She used popcorn as pretend flower petals . The day of the wedding she was ready to go . She did a perfect job putting down petals for the bride .	PERSON had been chosen to be a flower girl for her cousin . Her mother was proud , and planned to buy a beautiful dress . But PERSON fell in love with a princess costume at the mall . Her mother was hesitant , but PERSON insisted that was her dress . In the end she was a hit , with everyone agreeing she was adorable .
watches	Growing up PERSON was fascinated by watches . Their intricacy amazed him . He grew up and made enough money to collect them . He has a massive collection . He spends a lot of time admiring them .	Someone told me that watches are old-fashioned . She said that I looked like an old man when I checked my wrist . So I asked her what the time was . She pulled out her phone and unlocked it to tell me . I told her that her pocket watch was very old-school .	PERSON broke her watch . She went to a watchmaker to fix it . She stood in awe at all the ticking watches . PERSON asked for a job to be a watchmaker . The man accepted her offer , and they built watches together .
deodorant	PERSON was out of deodorant . So he drove to the store to get more . His favorite brand was degree . He got himself a two pack . PERSON was no longer out of deodorant .	PERSON was dating a nice lady . Soon , they were in a relationship together for months . His girlfriend informed him that he regularly smelled bad . PERSON never wore deodorant before this . PERSON began wearing deodorant to the delight of his girlfriend .	I found a new deodorant I really liked . The scent was light and delicate . I purchased it and headed to the checkout lane . I told the cashier how much I loved it . She laughed and said it was her favorite too .
oil	The man was cooking . He knocked over some oil . The oil fell on the floor . He did not notice . He slipped on the oil .	My stepdad said never to visit on my motorcycle . I had just come to visit them . There was oil in the garage . My bike leaked oil . I parked my bike in his garage .	PERSON loved cooking . He used various types of oils for cooking . He did not know which one was the healthiest . He researched them all online . He learned olive oil was best and began mostly using olive oil .
a flat tire	PERSON 's new husband got a flat tire , so he called AAA . PERSON arrived home from work two hours later . AAA was taking forever , so PERSON decided to change the tire herself . Her husband was surprised he could learn a few things from his wife . PERSON , feeling accomplished , cancelled the AAA call .	PERSON was driving down the highway . All of a sudden it felt like something was wrong . He pulled over to the side of the road . When he got out of the car , he saw one of his tires was flat . He put on the spare tire that was in his trunk .	PERSON was late for work again . As he jogged to his car he noticed he had a flat tire . He looked in his trunk but there was no spare . He called his sister to come pick him up . After that he made sure he always had a spare in the trunk .
the meeting	PERSON woke up late yesterday . He had an important meeting to get to . He had to rush out of the house . He had to drive very fast to the meeting . He made the meeting 10 minutes late .	PERSON had a big meeting . He was n't feeling well . PERSON called his boss to tell him he could n't come in . His boss got another colleague to meet with the client . PERSON lost his client .	PERSON got stuck in traffic on her way to work . She had a very important meeting that day . She was so upset that she was going to be late . She was a main part of the meeting . She showed up 20 minutes late .
too much salt	PERSON 's mom made a big bowl of popcorn for the family . He salted it and bought it to the table for everyone to share . What he did n't realize is that his mom had already put salt on it . His dad had put salt on it too . It was so salty that they could n't eat it .	PERSON ordered fries from her favorite burger joint . The fries came hot and fresh . When she took bite she spit it out . The fries were way too salty . PERSON was able to get a full refund .	PERSON went to the doctor . The doctor said PERSON 's blood pressure was too high . He said PERSON must cut down on his salt intake . PERSON decided to stop eating potato chips . Eventually , PERSON 's blood pressure returned to normal .
oops !	PERSON was playing baseball in her yard . She accidentally hit the ball too hard . It struck her mom 's window and broke it ! PERSON had to pay for the window out of her allowance . She wished she had n't broken the window !	PERSON was trying to carry a bunch of boxes down some stairs . He was having a hard time and could n't see where he was going . Suddenly he tripped , sending the boxes tumbling ! He also fell down the stairs himself , spraining his ankle . That day he learned the lesson to only take on what he can handle .	I went to the store and bought some groceries . Among these things was a box of cut fruit . When I got home , I could not find the fruit anywhere . Later , I got into my car and it smelled bad . I had left the fruit in the car !
wallpaper	My sister-in-law called me yesterday . She wanted to change the wallpaper on her phone . I could not tell her how to do it , as she had an old slide phone . I had to go to youtube to get lessons . I called her today but her daughter had fixed the problem .	PERSON ran his fingers along the wallpaper . He found a ripple by the edge of the door framing . With care , he pulled the wallpaper back . PERSON leered creepily to the empty hallway . There , written under the wallpaper , was the password .	I worked in a wallpaper warehouse in the summer of 1974 . I stocked wallpaper , and picked orders . The job was not hard , but it involved walking a lot . I lost forty pounds that summer . I went back to the warehouse in 1975 .
lessons	I took voice lessons after school on Friday . I walked to the tutor 's house . Her miniature poodle greeted me at the door . I would sing with her for over half an hour . She showed me a lot of new tricks .	Kia wanted to play guitar . She signed up for lessons . But after a few classes , her hands were very sore . Kia realized she was n't having much fun . She dropped out of the guitar class .	PERSON grew up in LOCATION , where money was always very tight . Then , when He was 11 , his family moved to LOCATION . There , PERSON was shocked to see kids throw away entire lunches ! He told them about the hunger and poverty in LOCATION . After that , fewer kids discarded their meals .
adoption	PERSON was adopted by the PERSON family . She was not officially adopted until she was five . The PERSON family had been her foster parents . She loved being a part of their large family . PERSON was now no longer a foster child .	PERSON wanted to have a child of her own . She struggled from serious fertility issues . She tried every method possible but could n't conceive a child . PERSON decided to adopt a baby . She has never been happier in her life .	PERSON was young and unmarried when she got pregnant . Her parents advised her to put the baby up for adoption . Even though she knew it would be hard but had to be done . She worked hard and found a family to adopt the baby . When she had the baby the couple took the baby right away .
popcorn	PERSON wanted homemade popcorn . She gathered up her dried kernels . These , she seasoned with salt and garlic . Then she boiled them in hot oil . They were incredibly delicious !	PERSON was making popcorn . She put the bag in the oven and pressed the time . Little did she know the microwave was broken . When she came back , the bag was still unpopped . PERSON finally figured out that the microwave did n't work .	PERSON worked at a movie theater . One day , it was his job to make the popcorn . He followed the directions and added the ingredients . As the popcorn popped , he realized there was way more than he thought . He had accidentally doubled the ingredients !
physics	PERSON was failing in physics . This was n't good because PERSON wanted to be an engineer . PERSON got a campus tutor and worked very hard . PERSON studied day and night . PERSON aced the exam and passed the physics course !	PERSON was nervous about his college physics class . Will had read online that the instructor was really tough . Will paid attention during the lectures . Will worked through the physics problems every single night . Will aced the physics class !	PERSON 's precious package was swaddled in several protective layers . She slowly marched up the stairs to the school 's roof . With trepidation she looked over the edge at the chanting crowd . She closed her eyes as her outstretched hand let go of the package . She peered over the edge to see the signal that the egg had survived .
sixteen	Kia was nervous to turn sixteen . She knew her mom was buying her driving lessons . But Kia did not feel ready to drive a car ! However , her lessons soon changed her mind . Before long , Kia was itching for a car of her own !	PERSON thought she 'd never turn sixteen . Time was passing so slowly ! But at long last , her birthday arrived . PERSON had a huge party with all of her friends . Her sixteenth birthday was fantastic !	Turning sixteen was a milestone PERSON was excited to see come . She had spent the summer studying and parallel parking . Today was her final test . She maneuvered through the driving range perfectly . At the end of the test , she had earned the driver 's license .
relationships	PERSON wanted to have a girlfriend . He wanted someone he could trust . He decided to start dating . He met a great girl . They began a great relationship together .	PERSON had a girlfriend in high school . PERSON introduced his girlfriend to his friend PERSON . PERSON 's girlfriend decided she would rather date PERSON . PERSON decided it would be okay to date PERSON 's girlfriend . PERSON lost both his friend and his girlfriend that day .	PERSON loved his girlfriend . PERSON found out his girlfriend was leaving him for another man . PERSON cried furiously . PERSON felt ill to his stomach . PERSON was sad after his girlfriend ended the relationship .
baking	I decided to bake some bread . First , I put all the ingredients together . After that , I let the dough rise . Finally , I baked the dough into bread . The bread came out delicious !	PERSON and her mother loved to bake . Sunday morning , they both woke up early . They ate breakfast and went into the kitchen to start baking . They made cookies and cake . PERSON and her mother enjoyed their Sunday baking .	PERSON wanted to try her hand at baking . She started with pre-made cookie dough . Pre-made cookies tasted good so she decided to try it from scratch . A breeze came in and turned the page in the recipe book she was using . The cookies were terrible , so she vowed never to bake again .
the protest	THe kids were holding signs and chanting . They were protesting the firing of their principal . They got interviews on the local news and in the newspaper . The school board reversed their decision . The kids were happy to have their principal back !	The activists gathered along the sidewalk . They were protesting the pipeline that was being built . They held signs and chanted . The police showed up to arrest them if they did n't leave . The activists refused to go .	PERSON was very political . He cared a lot about poverty and crime . He often marched in protests . This last weekend he started his own . It was n't that big but he is still proud of the support .
racing	PERSON bought his first car at 16 . the car was a buick . PERSON fixed the buick up well . PERSON then raced the buick against his friend . PERSON crashed the buick and had no car after he raced his friend .	PERSON dreamed of being the fastest kid in his 3rd grade class . His friends always held races during recess . PERSON practiced constantly , striving to be the best . But when the races started that year , a girl named PERSON won the race . PERSON was disappointed , but decided he would not stop trying .	I stopped my car at the traffic light . In the next lane , a man was revving his engine . He was challenging me to a race . I agreed to the race . Alas , he crashed his car and I realized street racing is bad .
roller skating	PERSON 's friend PERSON was having his birthday party at a skating rink . PERSON had never been roller skating before but he knew he could do it . He was n't nervous at all as he laced up his skates . He went out to the rink and started rolling around . He only fell twice the entire day .	My girlfriend wanted to go roller skating for her birthday . I had never gone before but figured it might be fun . When we got there everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves . I fell as soon as tried to get on the rink . I was never able to actually skate and had to give up eventually .	One time , in high school , I went roller skating with my friends . It was the first time I had ever been roller skating . After an hour or so , I got to the point I could stay on my feet ! That is , until I accidentally ran into a poor little girl . Thankfully she was okay and forgave me for my poor skating ability !
tv show	I watched the first few episodes of a cartoon but did n't like it . I thought my friend would like it . I told her about it and encouraged her to watch it . Now she is obsessed with this cartoon . We joke about how I dislike it but allowed her to find it .	PERSON was watching her favorite show on tv . The power went out , preventing her from finishing . PERSON ran outside , and down the street as fast as she could . She ran 5 blocks to her friend 's house . Their tv worked , but by the time she arrived the show was over .	PERSON desperately wanted to be on TV . She read that a game show was interviewing contestants at the LOCATION . She drove over , and interviewed . A few weeks later , she got a call : she would be a contestant ! It was her dream come true !
lucky	PERSON was miserable at her job . She vigorously hunted for a new one . She was not having any luck . While at a party , she met someone in her field . She was called the next week about an opening by that person .	PERSON was feeling lucky . He decided to try his luck with a lottery ticket . He grabbed his keys to start scratching off the circles . Just one more match and he could win 500 dollars ! PERSON got a match !	A stray husky dog would come to visit my dogs every day . He had super long hair and I always pulled briers out of his coat . He wore a collar so I tucked a note under it . The note asking where he lived and his name . The return note said they called him Lucky but he had no home .
basketball tryouts	PERSON tried out for the basketball team at school . He did not make the cut this year . His coach told him he needed to work on his shot . PERSON joined a gym and spent all winter perfecting his basketball shot . The next summer PERSON tried out again and made the team .	PERSON had never played basketball competitively . She had a friend who encouraged her to try out for the team . PERSON was nervous , but decided to just do her best . At tryouts , she sprained her ankle . Her basketball aspirations died that day .	PERSON loves basketball . He wants to try out for the school basketball team . He practices his shots everyday when he gets home from school . PERSON notices that he is getting really good at making his shots . He goes to the basketball try outs and makes the team !
PERSON 's game	PERSON and his basketball team had a big game coming up They practiced very hard for several days before the game PERSON spent all his free time at home practicing free throws The day of the game came , and PERSON was very nervous PERSON and his team played very hard and won the game	PERSON loves playing ball . All of her friends play too . PERSON has a big game tonight . she is nervous about it . PERSON wins the game .	PERSON loved playing volleyball . The night before a big game PERSON was so nervous she could n't sleep . When the big game started PERSON was very tired . She was so exhausted that she did not play very well . PERSON 's team ended up losing the game .
the proposal	Me and my girlfriend have been dating for over 8 years . Tomorrow will be the day I finally drop the question . I want her to know how special she is to me , how much I adore her . The problem is , I 'm terrible at these things . It 's tomorrow and I want to die , but luckily she gives me life .	PERSON told me about her proposal . Her boyfriend had caught her off guard at the game . She turned around and saw him on one knee . She was completely surprised . She said yes .	PERSON sat at her breakfast table drinking coffee and eating waffles . Her cell phone rang . It was her boyfriend . He asked would she marry him and she said yes . He admitted he was scared to ask her in person and she screamed .
faker	PERSON went to the diner and ordered breakfast and decaf coffee . His server looked guilty as she poured him coffee . PERSON sipped the coffee and knew that she gave him regular coffee . When she came back with his food he called her out . The server hung her head in shame and PERSON gave her a low tip .	PERSON went to a fancy dinner party for work . His boss commented on his fancy gold watch . PERSON thanked him and mentioned that it was actually a fake watch . PERSON 's boss was amazed and told everyone to look at his watch . PERSON became embarrassed of this weird attention .	PERSON did n't feel like going to his niece 's soccer game . When his brother called him he made up an excuse to not go . PERSON said he shot himself , his brother said he 's coming to see him . Frantic , PERSON grabbed his bb gun and shot himself in the foot . When his brother came PERSON showed him the injury and was able to stay home .
english exam	PERSON has an English exam in two days . She has been trying to study . However , she has also been sick . On the day of the test , PERSON got very nervous . She ended up not going to school and had to make it up .	PERSON has an English Exam in the morning . She has been studying for weeks . She knew she was going to do well . When she got to class she got ready . Then the teacher postponed the exam and PERSON was furious .	PERSON was feeling really prepared for his English exam . He was very confident in his ability to pass it ! He offered to help his friends study so that they could pass too . When he offered they felt offended and refused . PERSON ended up passing his exam as well as all his friends passing !
novel	PERSON worked on the conclusion for her novel . She could not decide what happens . Her mom called on the phone . PERSON 's mom gave her an inspiration . PERSON finished her novel .	PERSON wrote a novel . She shopped it around to a few publishers . At her third stop , her book was accepted . PERSON was thrilled ! She could n't wait to see her book in print .	PERSON was writing a novel . It took her two years to finish it . She sent it to publishers . One company accepted it ! PERSON was amazed - and proud !
italian food	There was this Italian place next to where PERSON lives . She used to go there after class and get pasta for dinner . She went there last week only to find out that they closed down . She was told that a Mexican restaurant is opening up there next week . PERSON will now have to force herself to like Mexican food .	Last night I had the most fabulous italian food ever . I went to Bertucci 's restaurant and it was amazing . I ordered pizza and it was delicious . I would definitely go back in an instant . It was the best food I ever had .	PERSON went on a trip to LOCATION . He ate a lot of pasta and pizza . He learned some recipes . Back at home , he cooked a lot of pasta and pizza . Finally , he got sick of Italian food and never eat it again .
working from home	It was the first day PERSON was working from home . She was nervous she would n't be able to handle the callers . She logged in and waited for a call . The first caller asked a simple question PERSON answered quickly . To her surprise her first day was easier than she predicted .	There was a flu outbreak in my office . The boss told us all to work from home . My kids were home from school . We had a painter working in our kitchen . I got absolutely nothing done the whole day .	I had always wanted to work from home . I looked online for opportunities . One day I came across reddit.com . The introduced me to Mechanical turk . I have been working at home for six months .
money troubles	PERSON was having money trouble , which made her nervous . She was getting far behind on her bills . She decided she 'd better get a roommate to cut down on expenses . She asked her friend to move in with her and her friend agreed . Things became a lot easier to handle when costs were split in half .	PERSON had bills to pay soon . His bank account was dry . He called up his friend for a loan . His friend gave him one . PERSON breathed a sigh of relief .	My household is struggling to make ends meet . To help , I got a second job . Even my mother working extra hours . My father , who 's a truck driver , is making as many runs as he can . I hope with all that , our money troubles will soon be over .
mother 's day	For Mother 's Day I wanted to do something special for my mom . We lived in different cities so I had to send something online . I decided to send her flowers and chose a beautiful teacup bouquet . It was expensive but I was excited for her to receive it . In the end , the company decided not to ship them and I was very sad .	One year I completely forgot about mother 's day . I had a lot planned out and made a mental note the day before . When it came time for mother 's day I completely forgot everything ! My mom was very upset but I showed her that I had stuff planned . She was understanding and was n't mad anymore !	I forgot to buy my mother a gift for Mother 's Day . When I got to the store , they were out of flowers . I bought her a card and a small chocolate cake . I felt bad for not remembering Mother 's Day . She loved the card and cake though !
awkward !	Little PERSON always bit his fingernails . PERSON 's mom told him that habit would eventually make him fat . Soon after , PERSON met their new neighbor . It was a pregnant woman . PERSON told the pregnant woman that he knew what she had been doing !	PERSON was walking down her school hallway . She accidentally bumped into a frail girl and knocked coffee over her . The girl fled with tears in her eyes . PERSON felt absolutely atrocious for the accident . She followed the girl , apologized , and offered to be her friend .	PERSON was nervous about marrying her fianc . On her wedding , she was unsure about her `` I do . '' She went through with the wedding , but it was awkward . So awkward , that her wedding pictures looked miserable . The pictures ended up on Buzzfeed Awkward Weddings .
football game	PERSON got dressed in his cleats and flag football gear . He arrived at the field and warmed up with the team . They started the game and won 20-6 . The crowd cheered for their accomplishment . The team huddled at the end of the game and cheered .	PERSON is a huge football fan . He is a fan of the local college . There was a huge game coming up that he wanted to attend . PERSON knew he could n't afford it . His wife surprised him with tickets .	PERSON 's football game was on Monday . His entire family came to see him play . He ended up scoring a touchdown for his team ! His team ended up winning . His family was very proud .
bad reception	PERSON was trying to call his mom . He had no reception on his phone . He drove around in his car trying to find reception . He was finally able to find a good spot after driving 10 minutes . PERSON called up his mom and told her he would be running late .	PERSON came out of his group meeting after school . He tried contact his mom since she has to pick him up . Due to the bad signal in the school , PERSON 's phone could n't work . After two hours , he was finally able to call his mom . She came for him during the night time .	PERSON got a new cellphone . He inserted his sim card into his phone . He tried to make a call . PERSON got no reception on his new cell phone . He returned his phone and was able to get a working one .
swimsuit	PERSON was going on a cruise . She had everything except a swimsuit . She could not find the perfect one . One day she was shopping and finally found one . She was happy she was finally ready for her cruise .	The girl tried on a bathing suit . She felt like it was too revealing . She asked for something with more material . The store owner brought her a one piece swimsuit . The girl felt more comfortable in that swimsuit .	PERSON invited his girlfriend to swim at his pool . She informed him she did not own a swimsuit . PERSON picked her up and they went shopping for a swimsuit . They purchased a swimsuit . They went swimming together in PERSON 's pool .
the shoes	PERSON had an amazing closet . Her shoe collection was the envy of all of her friends . She bought seven more pairs of shoes this weekend . PERSON liked to go in her closet and try them all on . She could give up anything in her life , just not her shoes .	PERSON liked a pair of shoes at the shop . He did n't have any money to buy them . He had to figure out how to get some money and quickly . It was summer so he decided to mow lawns everyday after school . By the end of the week PERSON was able to buy the shoes .	PERSON bought the last pair of PERSON PERSON at the local shoe store . PERSON , wanting a pair for herself , asked PERSON where she bought them . PERSON told her there were n't anymore , she got the last pair . PERSON offered PERSON double what she paid for the shoes , but PERSON said no . On her way home , PERSON was mugged of her shoes by a masked person .
tripping	PERSON was set to win the big race over the weekend . He was an elite track star with a bright future . At the big race he tripped within the first few meters . It tore his tendons apart and took him out of the raise . Now he 's not sure if he 'll be able to competitively run again .	PERSON would never tie his shoes . His mom warned him and said he would get hurt one day . PERSON said he is too fast to trip on his laces . The very next day he was playing football with friends and tripped . He came home with bloody knees and his mom was n't mad , she helped him .	PERSON was walking to the store . He tripped and fell . He noticed his shoe was untied . He tied his shoe . He continued to the store without tripping .
dog chase	My dog likes to chase my cat . She 'll hide behind some furniture until she sees the cat . When she sees it , she 'll jump out and chase it . Then the cat will start chasing the dog . After they get tired , they will nap together .	PERSON was riding his bike to work . But a dog began chasing him . PERSON pedaled faster and faster . But he could n't out pedal the dog . PERSON , however , realized the dog only wanted to play .	I was was walking down the street to be greeted by a dog . The dog was looking at me viciously . I stood frozen for a little while . Then , the dog started chasing me . I ran as fast as I could and finally the dog stopped chasing me .
soccer game	PERSON is part of the school soccer team . He was never the best player . Last summer he trained very hard to become better at it . At the last soccer game he scored 3 goals . Because of his good performance they won the game .	PERSON and his team were gearing up for the soccer game . PERSON was very nervous . As he got on the field it was a close game . Both teams vied for the winning point . Luckily PERSON 's team won .	PERSON 's soccer team was playing a game during playoff game . They had been training extra hard during practice . The teams were about evenly matched but the opponents played well . The other team was able to maintain control of the ball more . The opponents scored in the second half and won the game .
the look	PERSON and PERSON began drinking one night in PERSON 's house . They both got very drunk . PERSON even tripped but PERSON caught him . In that moment they stared deeply in each other 's eyes . They knew it was love but did n't say anything .	A young handyman went to a client 's house to replace a door . He was greeted at the door by a woman . She gave him a look that confused the young man . He worked on the door and kept thinking about that look . When he was finished he returned the look and they both began to smile	PERSON had an interview and wanted to look his best . He tried to fix his hair but he had no mirror . PERSON went to the living room to use the TV screen . He was able to see his reflection well in the dark screen . Jeff fixed his hair and left for the interview .
modeling	PERSON wanted to be a model . She thought she could do it , since she was thin and cute . But when she went to the modeling agency , she was upset . The agents told her she could not be a model . PERSON found out that she was too short to be a model !	A modeling agent approached PERSON one day at the mall . She was excited to be asked to audition . Her mother told her to be cautious , as such offers were often scams . Her mom came to the meeting , and everything appeared legitimate . She was booked for her first job , and thrilled to embark on a career .	My friend recently joined a modeling agency . Many girls think that he is attractive . This made him interview for a modeling company . When he got the job , they told him that he had to follow a diet . Now he tells me that joining was the worst mistake of his life .
time	When I was a kid I wanted nothing more than to grow up . With each year I would impatiently wait to become 20 years old . When I was 20 , I waited impatiently to be 40 . When I was 80 , I was on my death-bed and I wished I was young again . I realized I had forgotten to enjoy the journey .	PERSON was always busy . One week he worked 100 hours . He got so little sleep . By the end he felt terrible . By the weekend , he slept 30 hours .	PERSON was being a bad kid . He was tossing food around . His mom got angry . She gave him time out . She let him back in after a hour .
ripped jeans	PERSON was walking in a store . His jeans caught on an edge of a shelf . His jeans were ripped on the shelf . PERSON 's wife mended the jeans . He was able to wear them again the next week .	PERSON 's mom bought him a new pair of jeans because he ripped all of his . At school , PERSON 's decided to play kickball at recess . When he got back into math class , he noticed his jeans ripped . So he switched pants with his best friend . When he got home PERSON 's mom never even noticed !	PERSON was wearing her favorite jeans . She wore them everywhere . Unfortunately they started to rip . PERSON was disappointed . She had to repair them .
playing games	PERSON spent all his time in his mother 's basement playing games . As he was twenty-five , his mom told him to find a job . He resisted as he did n't want to stop playing . But he did as he was asked to keep a roof under his head . The job was boring but at night he could play all he wanted .	PERSON was playing games in his room . His mother told him to do homework . He wanted to play games more . The next day his teacher yelled at him for not doing homework . PERSON never neglected his homework again .	PERSON loved playing chess . He would go out to the park and play strangers . One day a random hobo asked for a game . Same happily obliged . They played and had a surprisingly good match .
getting a dog	PERSON wanted a second dog . He did not know what would be best for his current dog . He decided to research different breeds online . PERSON went to the Adoption Center and saw several choices . After weeks of thinking , he decided to go with a 13 week old lab mix .	PERSON asked his parents for a puppy . His mother told him it was too much responsibility . His father was evasive about the subject . But father and son went to the pound the next day . That night the puppy slept on the couch with the father .	After settling in , the PERSON family went to see a movie . Their two daughters , PERSON and PERSON , chose Because of Winn-Dixie They ate popcorn and candy while watching the movie . After the movie , PERSON wanted a dog like Winn-Dixie . PERSON and her sister teamed up to persuade their parents to get a dog .
family dinner	PERSON invited PERSON to his parents ' home for dinner . He 'd been dating her for months and wanted them to meet . He was worried because he never brought a girl home before . He got his mother to cook spaghetti , PERSON 's favorite . He worried for nothing because they hit it off perfectly .	PERSON planned a big family dinner for tonight . She spent the whole day cooking and baking . She made roast and vegetables and two gorgeous pies . The whole family came and they had a wonderful dinner . Nothing makes PERSON more happy than a family gathering .	PERSON cooked a bit dinner for her family . Before anybody ate the dog ran into the kitchen . It destroyed most all the food . PERSON 's family felt bad and took her out to dinner . She appreciated the sentiment .
religion	When my uncle died I questioned everything . I was lost and looking for a way . My family and friends could n't help . I turned to the church . There I found the comfort I could n't find in reality .	A man wanted to know why religion was so controversial . He began studying many religions . He found profound life lessons offered by every religion . He absorbed what was useful and discarded the rest . He saw his life improve .	I was born Catholic in a family with tight religious values . As time went on , my morals and values changed and I adapted to them . This meant that I gave up Religion , and for one accepted no God . My family took this harshly , and felt like I directly insulted them . It took some time for them to come to terms with this , but they did .
frog	PERSON beckoned the other boys to come over . He pointed at a frog he 'd found in the river . The boys crowded around , making ribbiting sounds . PERSON lost his footing and suddenly slipped . He fell down right on top of the frog , smashing it flat !	A frog jumped into the road . The bicyclist almost hit it . The bicyclist stopped . He picked up the frog . He kept the frog as his pet .	PERSON was walking near a pond . He looked down into the water . There he saw a large frog . He reached down to touch the frog 's back . It leaped away from him before he could make contact .
the books	PERSON gathered some things from the library . She got a big stack of books . She was going to take them home and read all of them . She opened the first book and read about the history of her state . She was glad she 'd checked out lots of history books .	PERSON was moving some boxes to his new house . His books were all loaded into the moving truck . PERSON could n't wait to put them on his new bookshelf . His books were very special to him . When he got there , they were the first thing he unpacked .	PERSON went to the library . She checked out a dozen books . She took them home and started reading immediately . She finished the first book that night . She was eager to start another .
aim	The man aimed down the sites . He located his target . He adjusted his aim for wind . He fired the shot . He hit his target .	Kia turned eighteen and went to the shooting range with her dad . She was excited to shoot a rifle for the first time . Her dad cautioned that her aim might initially be poor . But he ended up surprised . Kia was a great shot right from the start !	The child was in line at a carnival game . When she got to the carnival game , she was given a baseball . She took careful aim at the pyramid of glass bottles . She threw the ball . It missed by three feet .
the one that got away	PERSON purchased a parrot and came home . The parrot felt comfortable in the house . It silently ate its food and rested . However , he began to be hyper when PERSON went to sleep . It managed to escape its cage and run away .	PERSON went fishing with her husband while on vacation . She threw out her line and it seemed to get caught on something . Her husband thought it was just a log and grabbed her rod . As he yanked on the line , he realized she had a monster fish . The fish snapped her line and PERSON never forgave her husband .	My friend was fishing in the river for catfish . He had something huge on the line . He pulled and pulled and pulled and then it was nearing the bank . It looked like it was four feet long . Just as he was about to grab it , the line snapped .
the swim meet	The family piled into the bleachers to cheer on the youngest member . It was his first swim meet ! He swam very strongly in his first event . He won a medal ! They clapped and cheered his name .	PERSON stood on the block nervously . It was her first swim meet ! She crouched down and dove in when she heard the beep . She swam as quickly as she could . She ended up with a 3rd place medal .	PERSON was very nervous about her swim meet . Her coach could be stern and she did n't want to disappoint him . Sue stood on the starting block waiting to dive in . The gun went off and she sped through the water as fast as a fish . Her coach 's big smile let her know that she had won the race .
the sunburn	PERSON was at the beach taking a break from swimming . He was laying on his towel enjoying the heat when he fell asleep . An hour later , he woke up to a sharp pain . His skin was blistering red , burnt in the sun . He retreated home where he applied lotion to cool his skin .	Three brothers went golfing for a bachelor party celebration . They had gone the day before the wedding . While golfing , one of them was badly sunburned . His hands and face were red like a lobster ! To fix it , they had to take all the wedding photos in black and white !	PERSON could n't wait to get to the beach . She grabbed her bag . Finding the perfect spot for her towel she laid down on the sand . She fell asleep as she baked in the sun . Waking up in pain PERSON realized she forgot to apply sunscreen !
perseverance	PERSON wanted to play football more than anything . He kept getting told that he was too small and weak . So , PERSON practiced and worked harder than anyone on the team . The coach saw this and decided he earned the right to play . During his first game , PERSON caught the winning touchdown !	PERSON wanted to write a novel . She did n't know how and she took lessons . Her first novel was n't very good but she persevered . When she finished her fifth novel , she managed to get published . She 's now a famous novelist and writes a novel every year .	PERSON wanted to be a successful writer . But , at the age of forty one , he had n't accomplished anything . He had started a book about a year ago . He decided to persevere and finish the book . He self published the title and then got a call from a publisher .
rmv	My niece works for the MA RMV . Yesterday a runner came in to register a car . The system rejected the buyer because she had unpaid parking tickets . The runner said the buyer would be angry . My niece said there was nothing she could do .	My daughter works for the RMV in MA . She took the T to work . Today she was riding home . An inspector waved at her and thanked her for doing her registration . My niece was touched .	I had a stroke in the fall of 2011 . I got back on my feet in 2012 . I took adaptive driving lessons to learn how to drive one handed . In 2012 , at 60 , I took the road test again . I passed , and was very happy .
ping pong	My grandmother bought us a ping pong table . We put it in the garage sometimes . One day it was missing . My step dad threw it away . He did not think we used it .	PERSON had never played ping pong before . He just got a new ping pong table and wanted to play with his brother . His brother had never played before either . They played four games , and PERSON lost all four of them . PERSON decided he did n't like playing ping pong .	PERSON is a great ping pong player . He has grown up playing ping pong with his dad . His dad always beats him though by a great margin . PERSON practiced very hard for a week . Finally PERSON was able to beat his dad at ping pong .
abandoned	Fred and PERSON went to an abandoned asylum . They saw other people in there too . PERSON felt risky and wanted to join them . They ended up getting caught by cops They were all issued a warning .	The woman drove down the road . She came to a complete stop . She opened her car door . She threw out her cat . Then the woman drove away .	Four kids went into an old abandoned asylum . The asylum had 30 floors . They went in through a broken window . They proceeded to go up the stairs They stayed for 30 minutes
PERSON 's band	PERSON wants to compete in a battle of the bands . She asks all of her friends to join her band . Eight of her friends join . They practice really hard . They win the battle of the bands .	PERSON wanted to start a band . PERSON wanted to play the guitar . PERSON practiced for months . PERSON had gotten really good at guitar . PERSON successfully started his band !	PERSON is a drummer . She loves music and practices often . She started writing music as part of a band . Now a club 's paying them to play tonight . She hopes they get more opportunities like this !
kite flying	PERSON had a new kite . PERSON had a new kite as well . PERSON 's kite flew and PERSON 's did n't . PERSON felt bad . PERSON gave his kite to PERSON and they were both happy .	PERSON opened the package that held her knew kite . She unraveled the string , so it would be longer . She began to run as wind caught her kite . The kite suspended into air . She loosened the string using the handle , and watched her kite soar .	PERSON thought it was a perfect day to fly a kite . She went to the park with her kite . The wind was blowing stiffly as she let the string unspool . The kite caught the wind and went soaring high into sky . After a while , PERSON reeled her kite in and contentedly walked home .
lost hat	PERSON bought a new hat . He wore it everywhere he went . One day he was driving with friends . They rolled down the window and a strong wind gust hit . PERSON 's hat was flown out the window .	PERSON wore his new baseball cap to the park one day . But he had not expected it to be so windy . The wind snatched the cap right off his head ! PERSON raced after it as fast as he could . Luckily , he was able to get his hat back !	PERSON was at the park . It was a windy day . He was wearing a hat . A strong gust blew his hat off . He chased after it but never caught it .
basketball blues	PERSON was outright terrible at basketball . He decided he 'd shoot some extras baskets after practice . His skill improved a little over time . His coach saw how much he was trying and wanted to boost his ego . PERSON threw the ball up for the winning shot and air-balled badly .	PERSON got into an argument with his basketball coach today . The coach kicked PERSON off the team in front of all the players . Jeff went home and barely slept because he was so upset . The next day at school the coach called PERSON into his office . He apologized to PERSON and offered him his spot back on the team .	PERSON PERSON is a fantastic basketball player . He trains hard everyday , and really loves the game . The day of the big game PERSON scored 40 points ! His team still lost , the score was 70-100 . PERSON did his best , that was all that mattered .
the neighbor	PERSON moved to a new neighborhood . The woman next door was the nosiest woman she 'd ever met . She asked a million questions about PERSON . PERSON felt nervous every time she saw her . She was beginning to regret moving here .	PERSON hates his neighbor . PERSON is new to the neighborhood and walks outside often . But his neighbor has a little dog that runs after PERSON . Recently his neighbor tried to act afraid of PERSON . PERSON shouted out , looks like you taught your dog to hate blacks ?	PERSON was afraid of his mean , old neighbor , PERSON PERSON . PERSON asked his mother why PERSON PERSON was so mean . His mother explained that PERSON PERSON was n't mean , just lonely . PERSON thought about it , and decided to be friendlier to Mrs June . It turned out she was n't so scary after all !
indecision	I wanted to eat at a Japanese restaurant at the mall . But it was kind of pricey . I spent hours deciding if I should eat there . But then I heard a phone call . It was my dad telling me that I had to go home .	PERSON was watching tv . But he could n't find a show that he liked . He continuously flipped through channels . And after 10 minutes of searching , he did n't give up . An hour later , PERSON was angry about how much time he wasted .	PERSON was at an outdoor mall and was starting to feel hungry . She saw a Thai restaurant but doubted its quality . She continued through the mall and carefully examined each restaurant . An hour passed , and she saw nothing much better than the Thai place . After PERSON finished eating there , she left feeling regretful .
night fright	PERSON was sound asleep dreaming of tomorrows baseball game . Suddenly there was a crash in the hallway . PERSON jumped up , baseball bat in hand , to see what happened . He nearly scared his little sister to death . She was bent over in the hall picking up the picture that had fallen .	The hail woke PERSON out of a deep sleep . It was pelting the metal roof with great force . She jumped out of bed to look out the window . Just then the thunder crashed so loud that it hurt her ears . She hurried back into bed and threw the covers over her head .	PERSON and PERSON were sleeping soundly in the same bed . Suddenly , PERSON started having a nightmare and yelling in his sleep ! This woke PERSON up , who was scared and also started to yell ! Eventually , they both realized that there was nothing to be afraid of . They laughed about it together and went back to sleep .
girl scout cookies	The girl scouts knocked on PERSON 's door . They were selling cookies . PERSON asked for ten boxes of mint cookies . He ate two boxes of cookies that night . PERSON felt sick the next day .	PERSON and her friend were in the girl scouts . They were selling cookies for the annual fundraiser . They went door to door all day selling cookies . At the end of the day they were both exhausted . After everything was tallied PERSON and her friend had sold the most .	We are trying to buy girl scout cookies . Our children and relatives are all grown up . We asked all of our friends and neighbors , to no avail . We resorted to buying the cookies online . I can not wait for the cookies to arrive .
chess club	My son 's high school made the freshmen join a club . The club meetings were held during a study session . Since I played chess , he joined the chess club . He said he had fun playing , but never got beyond beginner level . He still plays chess on occasion .	PERSON never played chess before , so she joined a club . On her first day , she asked someone the rules of the game . She spent the next hour learning the different pieces of the game . When PERSON got home , she was glowing . She could n't wait to come back next week to play .	PERSON wanted to learn how to play chess . So he joined his school 's chess club . During practice , he was consistently beaten . And his teacher 's instruction resulted in no improvements . After months of struggling , PERSON quit .
be careful what you wish for	PERSON decided to push me on the ground . I got up from the ground and became furious . I told her to go fight someone her own size . However , she took it seriously and brought PERSON . He tried to fight me as well .	PERSON wanted a hoverboard for Christmas . Come Christmas morning , he found one under the tree . He was so happy , he sat on it and turned around . Until his finger got caught and he started screaming . PERSON ended up in surgery but did n't lose his finger .	PERSON tried not to show it but she resented her older sister PERSON . PERSON fumed because it seemed like things always went PERSON 's way . She secretly hoped PERSON would experience some bad luck for a change . When PERSON had a minor car accident , PERSON was mortified . She realized her love for her sister outweighed her petty jealousies .
the poet	PERSON decides to be a poet . PERSON reads a lot of poetry books . PERSON writes many poems . PERSON goes to an open microphone poetry reading at a bar . PERSON reads his poems in front of the audience .	PERSON was shy around girls . He wanted to find a date to his prom . Too nervous to ask someone in person , he learned how to write poetry . PERSON wrote a beautiful sonnet for PERSON , asking her to the prom . PERSON was so impressed , she accepted his invitation immediately .	A poet woke up every morning struggling to come up with new ideas . The poet would look out his window for inspiration . After weeks of no luck for inspiration a squirrel climbed up near him . The poet filled with enthusiasm watching the cute squirrel eat acorns . He decided to write a poem about the squirrel 's everyday life .
new earrings	PERSON wanted some new earrings . Luckily her parents got her a new pair . PERSON was so happy about it . She immediately tried some on . They fit perfectly .	PERSON asked to get her ears pierced . PERSON 's mom took her to the salon . Two women told PERSON to hold really still . They each pierced an ear at the exact same time . PERSON picked out her birthstone for her first starter earrings .	PERSON got earrings at the store today . When she got home , she started wearing them . However hours later her ears turned green . PERSON was appalled . She realized she was allergic .
smoke break	PERSON lit the cigarette . He had been waiting all day , so he inhaled slowly . He felt the smoke course its way through his respiratory system . Finally , he exhaled . He felt the familiar tingle start at his fingertips .	PERSON had never smoked a single cigarette . She was jealous of all her colleagues getting to take smoke breaks . She decided she would buy a pack of cigarettes and take a break also . PERSON went outside with PERSON and PERSON to smoke a cigarette . She started choking on her first drag and had to go home early .	I do n't smoke . Everyone at work who does smoke gets a break . So I started going out there as well . I take a cigarette and hold it in my fingers . So far nobody has asked me why I do n't light it .
spring	It was cold when we got up . We put on long sleeves and jackets . We went to the park . The temperature went up fast . We should have worn short sleeves .	It was the first day of Spring . PERSON wanted to plant a tree . He and his mother went to a plant nursery . They picked out a cherry tree . PERSON and his mother planted the tree , and had a lot of fun !	The sun was shining this morning . I walked the dog for a little while . She loves to go out on Sunday Funday . It is difficult to get her back inside . I always bring her treats to reward her .
choices	PERSON was deciding whether she should watch a movie . She thought about various movies in her head . And eventually , walked to her DVD collection . PERSON was overwhelmed with choices . So she decided to watch nothing .	My wife and I had decided to visit the LOCATION LOCATION in January . Christmas took us totally by surprise . We could give gifts or take vacation . We finally decided to give gifts . There is always next year .	PERSON has a job as a car mechanic . He recently has been offered a new job at a with another mechanic . PERSON really likes his current job and does n't know what to do . He decides to flip a coin to make his decision . The coin lands on tails .
PERSON 's money	PERSON was trying to earn a few extra dollars over the summer . He offered to mow his neighbor 's ' yards . Four of his neighbors took him up on the offer . PERSON mowed their yards once a week . By the end of the summer , PERSON had saved up a couple hundred dollars .	PERSON was very wealthy . He liked to spend his money on frivolous things . PERSON decided to buy himself something fancy . PERSON purchased a large yacht . He now regrets his frivolous purchase .	PERSON could n't find the money he left on the bookcase . He thought his friend PERSON had stolen it . He called PERSON and yelled at him . PERSON was upset and defended himself . PERSON looked again and found his money under a book .
balance	The balance of the economy was measured in great length . The economists decided they needed to help it . They raised interest rates to boost the markets . The plan did n't work . The economy went in the bucket .	PERSON was walking along the pier . He tripped over a plank and lost his balance . As he was falling , he realized he was headed towards the water . He was able to catch himself before falling in . Now he is more careful whenever he visits that pier .	PERSON got his left ear pierced as a fashion statement . People told him it looked odd with a stud in only one ear . PERSON went back to the piercing parlor to get the other one done . The infection from a dirty needle necessitated amputating his ear . PERSON thinks he looks even less fashionable now .
bathroom break	The dog was playing with his bone . His owner brought out his leash to take him outside . The dog went to the door . His owner took him outside . The dog went inside and got a treat from his owner .	The PERSON family was on vacation . They were taking a road trip to the lake . Everyone was asked to use the bathroom before leaving . Within the first half hour on the trip someone had to pee . Everyone was annoyed when they had to pull over .	PERSON wanted to check PERSON 's desk for her pencils . But he would n't allow her to . She decided to wait till he went to the bathroom . Finally he left his desk and went to the bathroom . But PERSON was scared to search his things in front of the whole class .
foreshadowing	On the reading exam , PERSON purposely slept during the entire test . The next day , he was pulled out of his class to go to another class . The instructor announced that this is a reading session . PERSON became mad when he founded out that this class lasts all year . He slammed the door on the way out .	The teacher was going over yesterday 's homework . He got a phone call from the guidance counselor . He told me that I had to go to the principal 's office . I decided to pack my belongings and head over there . The guidance counselor told me that I had detention for littering .	PERSON was playing outside . When he tried to do a cool basketball trick , he fell on the ground . Although his back was sore , he was able to get home . However , he barely moved the next day . His mom had to take him to the hospital to seek treatment .
first soccer game	PERSON was excited for her first soccer game . She got on the field and started dribbling the ball . The other team took the lead as the game was getting close . Luckily , PERSON swooped in and scored the last goal . PERSON was elated that her team finally won a game .	PERSON took her son to his soccer game . She was at first worried if he would be okay . She gave out oranges to the kids . The kids liked them . When her son scored a goal , PERSON was jumping for joy .	PERSON was nervous because today was her first soccer game . She got on the field and stood at the goal . The game started and it began to be a close game . At the end of the game , PERSON 's team won . PERSON and her team screamed with joy .
PERSON loses his cool	PERSON was a manager at a fast food restaurant . A young team member was getting on his nerves . The team member lost money for the store . PERSON yelled and screamed at the poor girl . PERSON apologized to his team member .	PERSON is a manager at a restaurant . One evening a customer comes in with a complaint . He tells mark the food is cold and undercooked . PERSON apologizes and gives him a refund . The customer starts yelling at him more and mark gets upset and leaves .	PERSON was serving hamburgers at his restaurant . PERSON worked very hard at his job . An angry customer decided to yell at him . PERSON could n't contain is cool any longer . PERSON screams back at the customer and throws water in his face .
teller	The company stopped accepting credit cards . The customers did n't bring cash . The company installed an automatic teller machine . The customers got cash from the machine . The company made money from the fees on the machine .	PERSON applied for a job as a bank teller . She had an interview . She tried her best to seem smart and likeable . Then she got a call back from the interviewer . PERSON was offered the job as a bank teller !	A bank teller told me to rob the bank where she worked . I asked her why should I do that ? She said to get a lot of money . So I robbed her bank . We split the money equally .
essay	PERSON had an essay due the next day . But her mother kept asking her to do chores . PERSON was compliant the first few times . But she was running out of time to finish her essay . PERSON 's mother forced her to finish chores .	PERSON was struggling to finish his essay . He went to scrounge through research papers at his school library . PERSON finally found a valuable article . PERSON worked all night putting finishing touches to his essay . PERSON was relieved to finally turn it in .	I wrote an essay about my friend PERSON . PERSON is 98 Year 's old . He thinks of himself as a poet . Harry always encouraged me to write . I wrote an essay about my impressions of Harry .
PERSON 's new home	PERSON was interested in purchasing a home . She called her bank and was approved for a loan . She also found a realtor to work with her through the process . Together they found a gorgeous home on the beach . She fell in love with it and purchased the home .	PERSON immigrated to the LOCATION LOCATION from LOCATION . She was sad because she left all of her old friends behind . Then , she met a boy with whom she got along very well . He introduced PERSON to all of his friends . PERSON finally felt like she belonged in her new home .	PERSON wants to own his own home . He started saving money out of every paycheck for the down payment . He finds a reputable realtor to help him find a house . After a few months of looking , PERSON selects the perfect home . PERSON is able to buy his dream home .
new wardrobe	PERSON 's friends have been giving him a hard time about his clothes . PERSON decided he would go to a local store and get some new clothes . At the store , PERSON tried on some jeans and some shirts . After trying on the clothes , PERSON decided to purchase them . PERSON could not wait to show his friends his new wardrobe .	PERSON could n't afford new clothes . She started dating an older guy with money . PERSON was offered all new wardrobe . PERSON reluctantly agreed to the offer . She went on a fun filled shopping spree .	PERSON needed a new wardrobe . All her clothes were out of date . She had been saving up to go on a shopping . She finally decided to go shopping . PERSON was happy to update her clothes .
bleach	There was the start of mildew on the shower walls . A stack of laundry was growing out of control in the corner . PERSON was excited that it was Friday night , so she was able to clean . PERSON filled the washer with the towels . PERSON set a toothbrush and bottle of bleach along the edge of the tub .	PERSON was doing her laundry . She 'd just learned how from her grandma . She was washing a load of whites and wanted to use bleach . The bottle was heavy and bleach splashed out . PERSON looked down and saw white patches all over her favorite jeans .	I had n't cleaned my bathroom in weeks . I finally decided to clean it . Alas , I had no bleach . I decided to go to the store . I bought bleach and cleaned my bathroom !
daycare	I took my son to daycare this morning . We got in the car and buckled up . I drove across town to the daycare center . We walked in and down the hall to his classroom . He ran off to play with his friends right away , and I went back home .	Little PERSON had to be sent to daycare . His mother looked up reviews for the best one in town . She signed PERSON up for a couple of months . PERSON made a lot of friends at this daycare . His mother was proud that she chose the best one .	PERSON loves kids and has three of her own . She is a stay at home mom who runs a daycare in her house . Her husband was a little nervous about money when PERSON quit . Then he noticed that PERSON makes even more from this daycare . PERSON has started a pretty good little business .
tight dress	PERSON had lost a lot of weight . She bought herself a new little black dress . It fit PERSON tighter than expected . She hated the way she looked in it . PERSON felt demoralized .	PERSON 's new dress fit her very tight . She liked it and thought it showed off her figure . One night while wearing it out she bent over too far . It tore and she flashed everyone . She wears larger sizes now .	PERSON bought a new dress for her reunion . It fit tightly in the store a month ago . One the night of the reunion it did n't want to zip up . PERSON had gained weight since then . It crushed her emotionally and she stayed home .
feeding the ducks	PERSON and his mom went to the park . The park had a pond and the pond had ducks ! There were baby ducks as well . PERSON wanted to feed the baby ducks . His mom gave him bread and PERSON happily fed the ducks !	PERSON and his mom like visiting the park . They go every week . Their favorite part is feeding the ducks . The ducks are friendly today and eat from their hands . They finally have to go home , but they are excited for next week !	PERSON went to the park to feed the ducks . The ducks gathered around her as she gave them bread . She enjoyed feeding them . Soon it was time to go home . She decided that she would bring more bread next time .
bad connection	PERSON was on an important call with his wife . He had really bad reception on his phone . His wife did n't believe that excuse . Eventually the call cut off . PERSON 's wife thought he hung up on her .	PERSON was playing a shooting game online . He kept getting hit and losing . PERSON kept missing all his shots . He complained that it was the connection . Everyone did n't believe him and just mocked him .	PERSON was on his bluetooth home speakers . He decided to watch racy content online . He put on speakers . He forgot about the bluetooth speakers . Eventually his neighbors walked downstairs to complain .
asking	She leaned forward and looked me in the eye . I looked up at her nervously . She told me all I had to do was ask for help . I told her that was impossible for me to do . She threw her arms up in frustration and said she could n't help me .	PERSON 's crush was n't working the register at the taco place today . He was n't there the last time she was there either . She looked around and did n't see him in the kitchen either . She was afraid he no longer worked there . She would have to ignore her embarrassment and ask where he was .	He practiced in the mirror for hours . He practiced what he would say . But it all sounded bad . So he decided to wing it . PERSON saw her and asked her out and she said yes .
nyc	This was my first time living in the city . The first night I discovered a problem : the noise . It never stops and someone is always out . To deal with this problem , I bought headphones . They actually work so I was able to sleep in NYC .	PERSON always wanted to go to NYC at christmas time . She saved all her money for a few months . Her best friend wanted to go to NY also . They finally took the big trip this year . It was a fantastic experience they will never forget .	PERSON ran away from home when she was 18 years old . She took a bus to NYC and stayed with her cousin . She partied , and dreamed , and learned a lot about life . She started thinking about college . She decided to go home and enroll at the community college .
the walk	PERSON and PERSON went for a walk . They walked past the house of PERSON 's crush PERSON . PERSON could be seen in the backyard talking to someone . PERSON could see it was a girl . PERSON vowed to never walk down this block again .	PERSON was walking her dog through the neighborhood . The dog started sniffing intently under a bush . When he pulled his head out , PERSON could see something in his mouth . She tried tried to pull it out , but the dog would n't let go . Before she could try again , the dog had already eaten it .	A family was really tired of sitting in the house . They decided to go on a walk ! They got out the stroller . They left the house . The family loved the time outside !
fashion	It was PERSON 's first day of high school . And she noticed that most of the girls were wearing mini skirts . So PERSON bought mini skirts like the other girls . PERSON felt more socially confident . And she gained lots of friends .	PERSON loved fashion . She decided to design her own clothing line She hired a web developer to create her website . She paid a online marketer to advertise her clothing line . She went on to run a successful high end clothing company .	PERSON loved clothes . He wanted to be a fashion designer . So he drew up some sketches and sent them to designers . One of them contacted him and offered him a job . PERSON was on his way to achieving his dream !
ditched	PERSON and his friends were watching a movie at a local theater . And afterwards , his friends said they were going home . So PERSON decided to stay and watch more movies . And after it ended , he saw his friends again . But PERSON decided that they were n't friends anymore .	PERSON told the guys that she needs several minutes to get ready . She walked upstairs to use the bathroom . In the meanwhile , the guys started to leave the house . PERSON found out that they were already walking to the van . They ended up leaving her .	PERSON opened the door to her small office . A box was set on top of her desk when she entered . She approached it with apprehension . PERSON opened the box in one swift gesture . Inside , she found all her possessions her boyfriend had left her .
the fundraiser	Ira was selling popcorn . It was a fundraiser for his soccer team . He sold it all over his neighborhood . Soon , he 'd sold enough to pay for the team 's new uniforms . PERSON was so happy he had reached his goal !	PERSON was at work when his boss announced a new fundraiser . PERSON researched the organization further and admired the cause . He felt very passionate and decided to get involved himself . For the next few weeks he devoted his time to sharing info . Luckily he managed to raise lots of money for the group .	PERSON 's school was having a fundraiser for children with cancer . The goal of the fundraiser was to raise money to donate . PERSON invited all of his family members to the fundraiser . Everyone came and enjoyed drinks and cookies and had fun . At the end of the night the principal announced they made their goal !
rock climbing	I went out for rock climbing one day . I showed up , but did n't know what I was doing . I tried really hard , but needed help . I finally figured it out , and then I climbed the wall quickly . I sat on top of the rock wall very proud .	PERSON enjoyed rock climbing . He mostly did so at a rock climbing gym . One afternoon a friend invited him to go rock climbing outdoors . PERSON agreed to accompany his friend . PERSON found the outdoors experience hot and uncomfortable .	PERSON loved to rock climb . He decided to climb a cliff without a rope . He got halfway up to the top . Suddenly , he lost his footing . He fell to his death .
salmon	I decided to cook some salmon . It made my house stink for days . I realized I should not cook salmon in my house . The next time I cooked salmon , I cooked it in my backyard . Alas , someone the smell managed to enter my house !	I was in LOCATION . There was salmon for people to eat . A chef threw them on people 's plates . I did n't even eat it . I was afraid of bones .	Karen 's favorite food was salmon . She felt a great affinity for the grizzly bear as an animal . The grizzly bear , after all , ate primarily salmon . PERSON wore a grizzly bear necklace . She did n't get to eat salmon often , but devoured it when possible .
snake in the grass	PERSON was mowing his grass . He saw something move . There was a snake moving quickly away from him . PERSON felt relief that the snake was moving away . He finished mowing the grass .	One day , PERSON saw a snake lying in the grass . The snake laid still , appearing as if it was dead . PERSON kneeled close to the snake , and tried to touch it . PERSON failed to realize the snake was actually alive ! The snake bit PERSON , and she learned her painful lesson .	My neighbor saw something moving in the grass in his yard . It was a large rat snake , about four feet long ! He knew it was harmless and was afraid someone would kill it . He used a large garbage can to scoop the snake up . He then carried it into the nearby woods and safely released it .
forest	The man walked into the forest . He was surprised to find a bear . He backed away without being noticed . The man walked out of the forest . The man hurried home with the story .	PERSON lived in a house near the edge of a forest . She loved waking up to the sound of the wind in the trees . One day , PERSON heard more than wind . She went outside to investigate the new sound . PERSON realized that the strange noise was coming from a cricket .	PERSON jumped as an owl hooted off in the distance . She laughed at her fear , and kept walking towards the forest edge . She knew she would n't be able to see when the sun went down . She 'd become lost in the dark , impenetrable woods . PERSON made it to the safety of the field just as the sun sank .
dirty windows	PERSON 's apartment was a bit dark . His windows were really dirty . A lot of light did n't get through . PERSON decided to wash them . His apartment became much brighter .	PERSON noticed that his apartment was fairly dark . He realized how dirty his windows were . He took one days to clean them all . It was tough work but paid off . PERSON 's apartment was much brighter .	PERSON realized his windows were dirty . He decided to hire a window cleaner . Alas , the window cleaner accidentally smashed one of the windows . PERSON sued him . PERSON won the suit and was paid for the damages .
senior year	PERSON studied hard all throughout her senior year . She focused on schoolwork . When finals came , she was ready . She went into the test site rested and prepared . PERSON got wonderful grades on her finals .	My son in law 's sister PERSON went to college . She failed a few courses . In her senior year she moved off campus , and partied a lot . She ended up failing three out of four courses the first semester . She never finished , and did not get a diploma .	PERSON started her senior year . Being her last year of high school , she intended to make it the best . During winter break , she was involved in a car accident . She broke both legs and spent several weeks in the hospital . Despite this , her senior year finished up as the best .
computers	My laptop was bought last year in the winter . I bought it to do work from home tasks . The first idea I got it for was shot down immediately . I tried to buy some software to do transcription with ease . The laptop was good for other reasons , but transcribing became a fail .	PERSON had always wanted to be like his role model PERSON PERSON . He began to think becoming an electrical engineer was unobtainable . Fortunately PERSON heard of Aason admiration for him . So PERSON got in touch with him and offered to be his mentor . Now PERSON is among the best electrical engineers in the world .	Brie enjoyed working on computers . She spent most of her free time taking them apart . She went to school for computer sciences . When she graduated , she had several job offers . She now works to build computers at a large international company .
nose	Orion was self-conscious about his nose . His friend PERSON had taunted him for having a large nose . Orion wanted to get back at PERSON somehow . He told PERSON that PERSON 's nose was too small . PERSON stormed off , embarrassed .	PERSON mocked PERSON 's nose . He felt horribly self-conscious about it . PERSON finally killed himself because of all the teasing . PERSON did n't feel badly about it at all . She did , though , when she got in trouble for PERSON 's death .	The dog 's nose prodded against her left thigh . She looked down and smiled . Then she felt concerned . The nose had been very warm and dry . She took the dog to the vet , where she got a clean bill of health .
PERSON and basketball	PERSON wanted to quit playing basketball . But her parents insisted they play a sport in high school . And she was good at basketball . She Fretted over it for a month . Finally she decided she would remain on the team .	PERSON 's father is a famous basketball player . PERSON wants to be good at basketball too . PERSON practices everyday after school . PERSON becomes very good at basketball . PERSON and his dad now play basketball all the time .	PERSON liked to play basketball at the park . A group of kids challenged him and his friends to a game . They lost so they decided to train to beat them . They trained for weeks before challenging them again . This time they won and PERSON felt really happy .
the flute	PERSON wanted to learn an instrument . She decided on the flute . Her parents signed her up for a tutor . She spent years practicing the flute . Eventually , she became one of the best players in the country .	PERSON walked through the forest to birdwatch . He heard a noise that sounded like a rare bird . He followed the noise to see where it came from . The noise lead to a clearing where there was a man . The man was playing a flute that sounded like a bird .	PERSON 's parents took her to a concert where she heard a flute . PERSON wanted to learn to play the flute herself . She pestered her mom until she signed her up for lessons . She practiced hard for years and years . Now she plays the flute in the LOCATION LOCATION .
the gym	PERSON wanted to work out . She decided to go to a gym , but did not want to go alone . She asked her friend PERSON to join her at the gym . PERSON met PERSON at the gym . The girls worked out until they were tired .	The other day I was at the gym A guy was using the weights . After he was done he did n't put them back . I asked him to do so and he agreed . He apologized and I thanked him for doing so .	Today I took my daughter to the gym . She decided she wanted to run on the treadmill . She started off great but quickly began to have problems . She tripped over her loose shoelace . She decided not to try the treadmill again .
bbq	PERSON loved to grill . It did n't matter what time of year , she loved it . She wanted a large new grill . She shopped online for the best deal . She found the perfect grill and bought it .	I waited all week to grill . I bought a lot of food . I started the grill . Once it was hot I grilled the food . I served the neighborhood a huge meal .	Barbecue is famous at PERSON 's house . Everyone comes over once a month . They grill up lots of meat . This time they messed up and undercooked the meat . Everyone ended up getting sick .
speed dating	PERSON had already talked to five girls that evening . The next one at the table seemed nicer than the rest . He made his pitch like he did with the others . But this new girl laughed at him outright . PERSON left the speed dating bar wishing he never came .	PERSON was excited to go Speed Dating . She was anticipating meeting a lot of nice people , especially guys . She waited patiently at her table for guys to chat with her . She was starting to feel sad as no one appeared to her table . Finally , a nice guy came to her table to chat .	PERSON went speed dating one night . He told this one girl a little bit about himself . She was very cute and they had a lot in common . She was n't interested in him though . PERSON felt hopeless and gave up looking for love .
pox	PERSON woke up one morning covered in red itching sores . His mom rushed in when he yelled . She said PERSON had caught chickenpox ! She put him in an oatmeal bath and then rubbed him with lotion . PERSON was still miserable , but the bath and cream made him feel better .	PERSON was very ill with the chickenpox . It would n't have been so serious - but PERSON was 29 years old . She was close to death before she recovered . Later , she made sure to expose her daughter to the virus at age 6 . She knew the dangers of waiting !	PERSON got the chicken pox from a classmate . He was itchy and miserable ! His mom kept him covered in calamine lotion . Soon the itching began to subside . Finally , PERSON recovered from the chicken pox .
the glasses	PERSON was squinting . He could n't find his glasses . He knew he 'd be in trouble if he had lost them . He looked high and low . He finally found them under his bed .	PERSON had terrible eyesight . He bought glasses to help him read . Soon , he was reading a book every week . PERSON realized his eyesight had kept him from enjoying books . Now he wanted to make up for all that lost time .	Crystal had bad eyesight . She got some glasses from the eye doctor . Everything was so clear ! Crystal was happy to finally be able to read comfortably . She wished she 'd gotten glasses sooner .
the class party	PERSON carried cupcakes into school . It was his birthday and he was bringing treats . The class sang to him . PERSON got to sit in a special chair . It was a very special day !	The school always had parties on Valentine 's Day . The class addressed valentines cards and handed out candy . They played some Valentine 's Day games . Then they danced . It was a great party !	The class was going to celebrate Halloween . They decided to have a party . Some kids brought snacks . Others brought drinks or games . The class had a wonderful time !
going to the bank	I went to the bank the other day . I had to open a new bank account . The lady who worked with me was very nice and helpful . She opened a bank account for me . Now I can deposit my checks from work .	PERSON needed to deposit a check . He had to pay rent that same night . He just made it to the bank in time . He deposited the check but it would n't process for a day . PERSON wound up being late on his rent payment .	PERSON received a paycheck from her job . She drove to the bank . PERSON went inside the bank . She handed the check to the bank teller . The bank teller cashed the check for PERSON .
snow cones	Debra is from the LOCATION LOCATION . She does not understand why Americans like snow cones . One day while vacationing in LOCATION , she tried a snow cone . It tasted very refreshing . She understands why snow cones are so beloved .	PERSON and PERSON were getting snow cones . There were so many flavors to chose from . They each got a different one . Halfway through they swapped . It was a perfect solution to not being able to make up their minds .	There were so many flavors of snow cones to chose from . PERSON was having a really hard time deciding . He narrowed it down to raspberry or chocolate . He and his friend decided they would both get different ones to share . That way they both had some of each .
homework	PERSON was a terrible student . He did not like to study . One day he decided study and do his homework . He noticed a slight improvement in his grades . Now because he studies , he is a model student .	PERSON came home with a lot of Math homework . He went home and sat at the table to begin . PERSON was n't sure how to do his Math homework . He asked his Mother to help him with the Math problems . PERSON 's Mother was able to help PERSON finish his homework .	PERSON did not finish his homework after dinner . He had to finish it in the morning . His mom had to wake him up early . He was able to complete it in time to catch the bus . He went let that happen again .
company	PERSON loves to dance . Every Friday night he would go dancing by himself . Once , his friends came dancing with him for his birthday . Everyone had a great time . Now , PERSON goes dancing every Friday night with his friends .	PERSON was in the hospital . She had gotten into a car accident . Her leg was broken in two places . Some of PERSON 's friends came by the hospital to visit her . She was glad to see and visit with her friends .	I saw my friend PERSON sitting in lobby today . I kept him company , as he is a lonely old man . He told me he had just listened to PERSON 's Ninth . I talked to him for an hour . I left him in the lobby and told him I would see him soon .
the bees	PERSON loved to garden outside her home . One day , she found that all her flowers have been nibbled on . PERSON grew nervous that she might have a bug infestation on her hands . She decided to look around her plants for any bugs . Behind a pot of flowers , PERSON found many rabbits eating her plants !	I was in the mood for some honey . However , I did n't feel like paying for it . I decided to go to the beehive in the park . I stuck my hand in to get that sweet honey . After the bees stung my arm , I decided I was better off buying honey .	PERSON 's friend offered to pay him to mow his yard . PERSON went to his friend 's to work on the yard . He was suddenly attacked by a swarm of bees . PERSON was stung five times . PERSON told his friend that he did n't want to mow his yard .
PERSON 's PERSON	I was sitting in my symbolic logic class . Suddenly , the professor announced a pop quiz . We had to prove PERSON 's PERSON within five minutes . I had n't been paying attention to the lecture . Thus , I failed the quiz .	PERSON was in communication with his lawyer . It was for his last will and testament . He was giving all his possessions to his son . He had other kids . But he only liked the one !	PERSON is well loved at the office where he works . Every time the printer breaks it 's PERSON 's job to fix it . He can always figure out what the problem is . His skill is valued , and he 's compensated for it . As long as he can fix the printer he gets free coffee .
the fish	Once a woman went fishing . She baited the hook with a giant worm . The worm helped her to catch a giant fish . She entered the fish into a fishing tournament and won . She collected the prize money and ate the delicious fish .	PERSON bought a new goldfish for home . She set up a tank for him on the kitchen counter . She filled the bowl with clean water and put the fish in . That night PERSON caught her cat pawing at the fish tank . Now a plate covers the top of the tank to keep her fish safe .	PERSON was hard at work . He bought a huge fish tank and he was getting it ready for a new fish ! He picked out a really cool tropical fish and put it in the tank . He watched it for hours . He was very pleased with his new setup !
candy making	PERSON wanted to make some lollipops . She hit some dyes , sticks and candy syrup ready . When she mixed everything , she put sticks in them . She then laid it to cool . Afterwards she tasted it and it tasted good .	PERSON 's whole family made candy for Christmas every year . They would all come over and make a party of it . They made many different types of candy . When the candy was done , they divided it up and sent some to friends . They took the rest of the candy home and enjoyed it .	PERSON invited her friends over to make some candy . The girls melted some chocolate and tasted it . The candy tasted amazing and the girls were pleased . When the candy cooled , the girls put them in bags . PERSON then took some bags to her neighbors .
banana	PERSON wanted to eat a banana for lunch . He went to check if any were at home . When he checked , he realized he had zero . PERSON quickly rushed to the store and bought some . Then , PERSON was able to eat a banana for lunch .	PERSON ate a banana every morning before work . One day , he noticed his banana had the words Eat Me written on it . PERSON was baffled as to how these words had appeared . That night , PERSON 's wife laughed and told him she wrote the words . PERSON felt silly for not figuring out her joke .	There was a boy who was packing his lunch . He told his mom to get some fruit . She asked if he wanted some fruit . She picked up some fruit and gave it to him . He was happy that she picked up some bananas .
frogs	Growing up as a kid we lived near a pond . Their was a ton of frogs that lived in this pond . One day me and my little brothers caught as many frogs as we could . We brought them home and put them in our little plastic swimming pool . When my Dad got home he was amazed but made us take them back .	Me and my friends went to the zoo the other day . While we were there we saw some exotic frogs . They were all different colors of the rainbow . We asked the zookeeper if we could touch them . He said yes and we held the frogs .	My wife and I moved to our new house two summers ago . When we arrived the sky let loose and started to rain . We finished unpacking boxes while it continued to pour . The next day we woke to a dull roar . When I looked outside there were loudly croaking frogs everywhere !
lost glasses	PERSON had lost her glasses . She could not find them anywhere ! Then her mom suggested she retrace her steps . PERSON walked backward through her house . Sure enough , she found them on top of the microwave !	PERSON went on a camping trip with his school . The campsite was next to a fast moving stream . PERSON and his friends would swim in the stream all the time . PERSON wore his glasses in the stream and they fell off his face . To PERSON 's relief , another camper found his glasses down stream .	PERSON went for a walk in the woods behind his house to gather kindling . When he got home , he could n't find his glasses anywhere . He checked his pockets and then retraced his steps in the woods . It started to get dark and he still had n't found his glasses . When he got home , he realized they were on his head the whole time .
the bridge	PERSON was walking to town . He had to walk across a long bridge . He was nervous about the cars that would be driving by . He decided to run very quickly . He was so glad when he was on the other side !	The boy wanted to cross the river . He decided to walk across a rickety old bridge . It creaked and moaned under his weight . He went slowly but finally made it . He was relieved to be on the other side !	PERSON was out for a stroll . She found a beautiful bridge . She decided to cross it . She walked across and looked at the beautiful water below her . This bridge was peaceful and beautiful .
ac	Drew opened all the windows to his house . He turned off the air conditioning . He was determined to stop wasting so much electricity . The night passed and Drew could n't sleep in the heat . He relented and turned back on the air conditioner .	We had to watch my sister-in-law 's apartment today . She had an inspection but had to work . She left the ac on when she went to work at 5:30 . When we arrived at 8:45 the place was freezing . We turned the ac off and turned it back on when we left .	My wife went downstairs to mail some letters . There is a toddler play room near the mailbox . It was 9:00 at night , and the air conditioner was on . Since the room was empty , my wife turned off the air conditioner . It was unlikely children would be using the room so late .
making pancakes	One day I decided that I wanted to learn to make pancakes . I found a pancake recipe in a book and made a list of ingredients . I went to the store to buy all of the ingredients to make pancakes . When I got back home I followed the recipe and made lots of pancakes . When I was done I got to eat all of them , which was my favorite part !	My sister and I wanted to make pancakes one time . We mixed all the required ingredients into one batter . When we finished the batter , we fried them . They came out great and the family loved them . I hope we make pancakes again soon .	PERSON was going to make pancakes . She had gotten everything together . She began making the batter . She poured it out on the skillet and cooked them . After a few minutes she had a lovely stack of pancakes .
guests	Kia had two unexpected guests for dinner . She wondered if she had enough food . But she found that she had plenty of meat and veggies . She cooked up all she had for her diners . There was plenty of food to go around !	PERSON 's husband brought home surprise dinner guests . She was frenzied . She had n't made nearly enough food ! She decided to just call out some pizzas . All her guests were happy with the pizza !	Kia 's husbands brought home two surprise guests for dinner . The food was almost done , so Kia worried . She wondered if the roast and vegetables would be enough for everyone . She served everyone equally , and then sighed with relief . There had been plenty of food to go around !
garlic	PERSON wanted to improve his health . He visited a holistic doctor . The holistic doctor recommend eating raw garlic daily . PERSON ate raw garlic daily . PERSON felt his health improve .	I made mashed potatoes . But , I wanted to improve the flavor . So I decided to mash roasted garlic into the potatoes . I used my hands to mash the garlic . My hands smelled for hours so I learned to use a tool next time .	PERSON was making pasta for his family . He did his best . But he saw that they were all making ugly faces ! He asked what he had done wrong . They said he had added way too much garlic !
planes	The planes flying overhead woke me up . I was grumpy , and tried to block out the noise . Eventually I started to worry about it . I got up and checked the news . The military was just conducting practice runs .	PERSON was scared of planes . Alas , he had to go to LOCATION . He tried to hire a boat . But , it was too expensive . PERSON decided to go by plane and he actually enjoyed it !	PERSON had never flown on a plane . He wanted to travel across the country . While at the airport PERSON became nervous . He boarded the plane . Upon landing he realized planes were n't so bad .
the band	The band had waited all year for battle of the bands . They practiced quite a bit and were hoping to do well . On the stage they played ok but the crowd did n't seem into it . All of a sudden , a shower of sparks from the lighting appeared . The crowd assumed this was an effect and voted so the band one .	PERSON had never played in a band before . He was excited to get together with other musicians . The auditions came and went , PERSON thought he did well . The call came in , he had made the band ! He began rehearsing with the other guys , getting ready for the gig .	PERSON decided to form a band . He asked all his friends if they wanted to join his band . A few wanted to join but did not know how to play instruments . PERSON taught his friends how to play . Now they have a successful band .
spare change	I saw this guy sitting outside a store . When I went in he asked me for change . I told him to ask me when I came out . By the time I did he was gone . I looked around with change in hand but could not find him .	He was on the corner every day as she went to school . He had a cup out , always with a few pennies in it at least . PERSON wondered if he put the first few in himself everyday . That was as much as she 'd ever wondered about that man before today . Today she saw the man pictured in her friend 's report on a war hero .	PERSON saw the man across the street . He looked hungry so she gave him some spare change . The man looked so thankful and happy . Later coming back down the same street PERSON saw the man again . He had a puppy and had used the money to buy some dog food .
PERSON needs money	PERSON need to make twenty dollars . He needed the money so he could pay back his father . He finally found a job cutting his neighbor 's yard . His neighbor gave him only 10 dollars . PERSON did n't make enough money that day .	PERSON was behind on his rent . He needed to make some money fast . He decided to sell his gold ring . He went to the pawn shop to sell the ring . He finally had enough money to pay his rent .	PERSON needed a new job . She 'd put in applications everywhere . When no one called back , she decided to do at-home work . PERSON was completing tasks for businesses , making money . She was able to survive until she received a job at a grocery store .
wings	PERSON went to the city of LOCATION . She saw the sights , but then she grew hungry . PERSON had heard of the famous Buffalo wings . She entered a restaurant and eagerly ordered a dozen wings . When they came , PERSON found them to be delicious !	PERSON needed to beat her coffee crash before volleyball practice . She chugged a Red Bull , and bought one for the road . She sipped the second one as she walked to practice . In the 10 minutes it took to walk there , she had drank it all . PERSON was all over the court after two Red Bulls .	PERSON was very hungry . She decided to order chicken wings . Then she went and picked them up . They smelled delicious ! PERSON hurried home to eat them .
laughing	The dog appeared almost to be laughing . He ran over to his owner . He started licking her on the face . She could n't help but laugh herself . She hugged him , happy he was n't missing .	PERSON was in a gas station on the highway . Her sister ran in crying after seeing a dead deer in a truck . PERSON laughed . She reminded her they eat dead animals all the time . Her sister stood looking horrified .	PERSON was a comic . He did stand up for a living . One day a person was heckling him . And he got really upset at it . He never went back to the comedy club ever again .
pizza day	Every Friday , the school kids got a treat . It was Pizza Day ! They could order whatever kind they wanted . The kids looked forward to it all week . They rushed to the lunchroom for first dibs .	It was Friday . So everyone was excited that the cafeteria was serving pizza . But when PERSON received his slice , he was disappointed . He did not understand why everyone was so excited . PERSON brought his own food to school from then on .	Everyday for a month we had bad food for lunch at school . However , starting next month we were promised Pizza . We were all excited . When next month came by , we did n't get any pizza . All the kids were disappointed .
PERSON drinks tea	PERSON realized that he was feeling sleepy . He decided he wanted to have some tea to drink . PERSON made a big pot of tea . After drinking it he felt more awake . PERSON was glad that he did n't feel sleepy any longer .	PERSON was drinking tea . She was trying to concentrate on her studies . The caffeine from the tea revitalized her . PERSON was energized and completed her study with full concentration . PERSON aced her test the very next day .	PERSON has had a sore throat for weeks . He knows he has to do something about it . PERSON drinks a pot of herbal tea . Soon after drinking the tea , his sore throat subsides . PERSON is happy he has done something about his sore throat .
bath	The woman drew a bath . She got in the tub . The water was not hot enough . She boiled some water on the stove . She made the water in the tub hotter with the boiled water .	PERSON was taking a bath one day . The water was too cold . PERSON made the water hot . The water was so hot that it burned PERSON 's skin . PERSON took showers from that day on .	PERSON 's skin was rough and dry from winter . She was so unhappy ! She decided to do something about it . She took a long hot bath with oiled water . Soon her skin was silky smooth again !
pigeons	PERSON walked into the grocery store . He went to the aisle with bread . He grabbed a loaf and went to the cashier . The cashier asked why he only bought bread . He looked at her and said he was feeding pigeons .	PERSON loved feeding pigeons in the park . He would buy a whole loaf of bread at the start of a week . And apportion himself a number of slices per day for the week . Then crumble and store the slices . The pigeons came to expect PERSON and would follow him around .	A flock of pigeons were flying in one direction . They landed on top of an electrical wire . A human was walking around . They tried to move the wire to get through . The birds quickly flew away .
bad grades	PERSON was a star athlete at his school . He performed well in everything but his academics . He was failing all of his classes . PERSON 's coaches found out and had to kick him off of the team . He was so upset he dropped out of school and did n't graduate .	PERSON was in 9th grade . She had had all A 's until this year . They slipped as she thought volleyball was more important . Her parents grounded her for a month . She was only able to play volleyball on Monday and Wednesday .	PERSON was doing very badly in school . All his grades online showed that he had D 's and F 's . It turned out he had n't been doing his homework at all . PERSON 's parents were so mad that they grounded him . Once his grades are a lot better he wo n't be grounded anymore .
training wheels	PERSON was going into first grade . He was the only kid his age who still needed training wheels . He asked his dad to teach him how to ride without them . His dad took them off and gave him a little push . He peddled as fast as he could and never used training wheels again .	PERSON wanted to learn to ride a bike . Her parents bought her one with training wheels . They soon removed the training wheels . PERSON practiced daily without the extra wheels . Before she knew it she could ride down the street with no help .	PERSON wanted the training wheels off his bike . His dad agreed to remove them . So he went out to test his newly-adult bike . At first he wobbled unsteadily . But soon he was riding quickly and steadily !
grandma 's house	PERSON invited me to her grandma 's house . I was excited to possibly get home cooked food and cookies . When we pulled up , it was decrepit looked like a haunted house . It was filthy , brown , old and filled with thick spider webs . I was so scared , I faked an emergency and left !	PERSON was being dropped of at her grandma 's . She had n't wanted to go , but she had no choice . As she pulled up she saw her cousins sitting on the porch . PERSON felt a sense of dread . She hated spending time with her stuck up cousins .	PERSON decided to go to his grandmother 's house . She told him to get something to eat since she prepared dinner . He ate and then relaxed for a few minutes to talk to his grandmother . Afterwards , he left to go to work . His grandmother gave him $ 20 to use for anything he wants .
library books	PERSON checked out an audiobook CD from her library . The book was so long it was on twenty discs ! PERSON could n't finish the whole thing before the audiobook was due . She returned the audiobook to the library . She purchased the paperback copy to read instead .	Our granddaughter PERSON is two . Her parents took her to the library to get a card . She took out five books . When the time came to return them she was not pleased . Her mom told her she could get more books , and she was happy .	PERSON borrowed 20 books from the library . She gave her husband 5 books to return . He drove to the library after hours . So he had to drop the books into the dropbox . Now PERSON has 15 books that need to be returned .
the battle	PERSON was in LOCATION . It was his first tour . Sooner than he wanted he was injured . His humvee was hit by an explosive device . PERSON was sent back home .	A barbarian was walking through the woods one day . He noticed a foreign tribe by his tribe 's river . He ran home and warned his fellow tribesman . They ran over to the foreigners and engaged in combat . The other tribe fled and the barbarian and his tribe went home .	PERSON had been dieting for weeks . She really wanted to fit into her skinny jeans . She was afraid to try them on though . Finally she got the nerve to see if they fit . She slipped right into them like they were made for her !
keyboard	PERSON was a professional transcriptionist , and had the best equipment . One day , PERSON was trying to transcribe a difficult file . When she typed b , the keyboard would input an r. PERSON called tech support , and they told her to get a new keyboard . PERSON went online and ordered a new keyboard .	I had a nearly new keyboard . I decided to try to sell it on Amazon . I got a sales notification and packed the item up . Minutes later , I got a cancellation request . I was very disappointed .	PERSON always eats at his desk . His boss always tells him not to . One day PERSON spilled spaghetti . He got sauce all over his keyboard . The keyboard had to be replaced .
PERSON 's eyes	PERSON wanted to be a fighter pilot . PERSON discovered that he was color blind . Because of this , PERSON could not become a fighter pilot . PERSON decided to join the Coast Guard instead . PERSON was happy with his decision .	PERSON loved making hand-made quilts . When her vision started failing , she had to stop making quilts . She went to her eye doctor , and learned she had cataracts . After her cataract surgery , PERSON 's vision quickly recovered . PERSON was very pleased that she could start quilting again .	PERSON was sad about his eyes . He wished he had blue eyes instead of brown . Blue was his favorite color . His friend PERSON gave him a mirror to truly see . PERSON ended up happy that his eyes were beautiful up close .
french fries	PERSON was hungry . He went to PERSON 's . He ordered some french fries . PERSON ate the french fries at Wendy 's . PERSON went home full .	PERSON asked PERSON for some of his french fries . PERSON reached his carton across the table . The dog jumped onto the table and knocked over the carton ! PERSON and PERSON looked at the fries all over the ground . PERSON picked one up and thanked PERSON for the fry .	Frank 's favorite food is french fries . He loves them so much that he always has to order them . One day he heard of a restaurant that had homemade fries . Frank knew he had to try them so he went to the place . As soon as he tried them he knew they were the best fries he ever had .
new toy	PERSON 's dad have given him a new Power Wheels truck . PERSON and his friend PERSON rode around on the truck for hours . PERSON was always the driver . When PERSON asked PERSON reminded him it was his truck . PERSON did n't care when PERSON left in a huff .	PERSON really wanted a new toy . She begged her parents for one . They refused her . Finally they ended up giving in . PERSON was relieved .	PERSON had a new toy . It broke the boredom at her grandparents house . She played with it for 3 days straight . On the 4th day the toy brought no joy . By the 5th day the toy sat abandoned in box full of abandoned toys .
pumpkin pie	PERSON has a new recipe for pumpkin pie . You have to make it with fresh pumpkin . I love almost anything pumpkin . SHe promised to let me know when she makes it . I will be right there to taste it when it is ready .	PERSON was eating pumpkin pie . But after one slice , she wanted more . She ended up eating pumpkin pie for every meal . And eventually , she got sick . PERSON decided to watch her diet more carefully .	PERSON did not know too much about baking . However , she wanted to please her husband by baking a pie . She made his favorite -- pumpkin pie . She watched him eat it and saw the smile on his face . She knew she had done a good job !
cheesecake	PERSON wanted to make a cake . He made three cheesecakes . One of his cakes did n't work . His friend went to the store and bought another cheesecake . Everyone thought that PERSON made all the cakes .	PERSON was a great baker . He made a cheesecake that had chocolate drizzled on top . He cooled it in the fridge for a few hours . Then he cut it into slices . The cheesecake was going to taste so good !	Three friends lived together . Every night they met in the kitchen . They sat at the table and discussed their problems . Cheesecake was the fortitude of these conversations . Each night ended with a slice and a hug .
no response	PERSON tried all day to call his wife 's phone . His wife never answered any of his calls . She never responded to his texts . Peter drove home to check on his wife . He realized upon arriving that her phone was dead .	PERSON texted her crush . He never replied back to her . The next morning PERSON noticed a missed message . He replied overnight . He explained his phone was n't charged to her relief .	He picked up the discarded toy . Handing it to the child on the way inside , he did n't notice the mess . Sure enough he began to walk pass knocked over furniture . Alarmed , he ran into the back bedroom . There she was , unresponsive as he screamed and screamed .
shorts	PERSON wanted a pair of jean shorts for the summer . He shopped around , but every store was too expensive . Then he decided to try to make his own . He carefully cut the legs off an old pair of jeans . Soon he had a homemade new pair of jean shorts !	I almost lost my friend one day . He was beating me at tennis . I said that it was because he was wearing my shorts . He gave me back my shorts . But we did not play any more that day .	I was playing with my dog in the backyard . Suddenly , he bit my shorts . The shorts were ripped through the pocket ! I had to throw the shorts away . I learned to be more careful when playing with my dog .
prom	PERSON was in need of a prom dress for the upcoming dance . She headed to the nearest dress shop . She spent the day trying on dresses . PERSON found the perfect dress ! She went to prom looking like a princess .	PERSON had never wanted to go to her senior prom . She did n't like large gatherings , and the dress would be expensive . But her mother insisted she should go or she would regret it . Once she was there , PERSON actually had fun dancing with her friends . Though she still did n't enjoy big parties , PERSON was glad she went .	PERSON wanted to ask PERSON out to the prom . Being shy and nervous he avoid asking PERSON directly . PERSON wrote a letter to PERSON and hid it inside her locker . PERSON found the note in her locker and read it . She left a note for PERSON in his locker agreeing to the prom date .
new boots	PERSON wanted a pair of boots . He already had a few pairs . He decided to treat himself to another . He was excited when he found a sale . PERSON bought his boots and wore them the next day .	PERSON walked down the street and stopped at a random driveway . Someone was throwing away a lot of old junk . PERSON looked through the junk and found some old boots . He tried on the boots and they happened to fit . PERSON wore the boots all the way home .	PERSON had to get a new pair of shoes . Her shoes would get wet whenever she went outside in the snow . She ordered a pair of heavy duty boots from Amazon . They arrived the very next day . PERSON played in the snow with her new boots after .
broken air conditioner	It was a really hot summer . PERSON 's air conditioning broke . It would be days to get it fixed . PERSON could n't stand the heat . He decided to stay in a hotel instead .	PERSON 's air conditioner was n't working . So he called a repairman . But the air conditioner 's filter was just clogged . And all PERSON had to do was clean it . He felt embarrassed for overlooking such a simple problem .	PERSON 's air conditioner quit working on a hot June day . She called a repairman . The repairman came to PERSON 's house . The repairman fixed the air conditioner . PERSON was able to cool the house back to a comfortable temperature .
greedy	The man owned a store . His prices were high . People were comparing prices on their phones . It was costing him money . He blocked the cell signals in his store .	PERSON 's boss put a dozen donuts in the break room for his employees . PERSON 's mouth watered as looked at the chocolate glazed donut . Just as he reached for it , his coworker grabbed it . His coworker then proceeded to take three more and walk away . PERSON did n't like the other flavors , so he did n't have a donut .	The waitress gave me my plate of food . My mom kept asking for some of my food when I was eating it . She ended up eating more of my food than I did . I was mad . However , she agreed to pay for everything .
gold	PERSON was panning for gold . She had taken her sifter to the local creek . She eagerly sieved through rocks and debris . Sadly , PERSON did n't find any gold . But she found some very pretty pebbles !	PERSON went to the river to pan for gold . He brought his dog Rodent with him . PERSON panned for gold all morning and all afternoon . PERSON got enough gold to equal about $ 200 worth . PERSON and Rodent went home feeling happy .	Ina found a fancy plate at a yard sale . The next day she used it to microwave some food . Then she heard a crackling . The gold on the plate 's rim was sparking ! Ina hurried to remove it from the microwave .
bad hit	PERSON was practicing with his punching back . After landing a new jabs , the bag moved . However , the chain holding it broke . As a result , it landed on PERSON . His leg was fractured .	PERSON was playing baseball with some friends . He hit a ball in the wrong direction . It hit a neighbor 's window . The window was shattered . PERSON apologized and had to get it fixed .	A thunderstorm started outside . I tried to move under a building in avoid being wet . However , a gust of wind occurred . A small post flew out . It knocked me out since it was moving .
fireman	PERSON wanted to be fireman . He signed up to join the local fire department . PERSON had to go through extensive training . He failed training on the first round . But on his second try he was able to pass and join .	PERSON was a fireman . Him and the rest of his co workers got a call . They went in fire truck and drove to the local park . Someone 's cat got stuck on a tree . The fireman got the cat from the tree .	PERSON was in charge of driving a big fire truck . PERSON had lots of friends that he worked with . One day a fire started that they had to put out . PERSON rushed to the fire in the fire truck . PERSON was so rushed he forgot to bring his friends along .
father 's day	PERSON was very poor but tried to provide for his family . He worked extra hours and took a second job . He never seemed to make enough to get ahead though . On Father 's day this year he told his family not to get him anything . When he woke up , his family was there with handmade gifts for him .	Tomorrow was father 's day . PERSON wanted to get his father a new grill . PERSON went to the store . Got a nice new grill . His father loved his new grill .	PERSON wanted to take his dad fishing on Father 's Day . They packed all of their tackle up and left the house . PERSON 's dad remembered taking his father fishing once . Despite being on the lake for hours , they managed to catch nothing . PERSON was glad he got to spend the day with his dad , fish or no fish .
confidence	PERSON was lacking confidence in her looks lately . She was using more makeup every day and it made me worried . She told me she thought other people did n't find her attractive . PERSON decided to get a haircut to see if that helped her . After her haircut she was a lot more confident and felt better .	PERSON had a big case to defend in court that day . He walked to his car and drove the rest of the way to the court house . He greeted people when he arrived and shook a few hands . His client was waiting for him and he reassured him . Full of confidence , PERSON pleaded his case and won .	PERSON wants to confessed to the girl he likes since his childhood . He goes over the scenario multiple times in his head the night before . He could not sleep at all . The next morning he wakes up and goes to school . After confessing he founds out she feels the same way .
surprise pregnancy	PERSON found out that she was pregnant . She decided to surprise her husband with the news . Her husband was so excited when she told him and broke out in tears . They tried to become pregnant for over two years . They both ca n't wait to meet the baby .	PERSON had been feeling tired and unwell for a week . PERSON mentioned this to her doctor during her check-up . PERSON 's doctor could n't see anything wrong . He decided to run some blood tests . The next day he called PERSON and told her she was pregnant !	PERSON did n't feel well . She was also getting fat in the belly area . Roxy realized she could possibly be pregnant . She scheduled an ultrasound with the Doctor . The ultrasound revealed that Roxy is 6 months pregnant .
apple sauce	PERSON hated apple sauce . When his mother served it , he 'd throw it away . He hated the taste . One day his mother put sugar in the apple sauce . After that he always liked apple sauce .	PERSON says she loves apples but does n't like to bite into apples . I asked her if she enjoyed applesauce . PERSON informed me she has never tried applesauce . I then served PERSON applesauce and she loved it . She is now at the store purchasing herself some .	I loved apple sauce . I decided to make some . I used granny smith apples . Thus , my apple sauce was too sour . I decided to just buy apple sauce from the store .
bully	One day , a bully was being mean to my friend . He was calling my friend mean names and I got angry . I stepped in between and told the bully to back off . By chance , he actually listened to me ! My friend thanked me for my courage and I was so proud of myself !	PERSON PERSON was very skilled at his role . Unfortunately , he was also very opinionated , and liked to argue . This made people naturally dislike him , despite him being right . PERSON thought that maybe he should become kinder and gentler . Ultimately though he decided to give middle fingers to all the haters .	PERSON sat on the couch to watch television . He clicked the remote around to find a show . There was nothing to watch , so PERSON played a game on his phone . Eventually Mark fell asleep . His phone dropped from his hands and broke .
spa day	PERSON was pregnant . She needed to relax . So she scheduled a spa day . It was great . She left feeling refreshed .	PERSON decided to have a day at the spa . When she was on the massage table , she got hot rocks . However the spa lady kept them on for too long . Carol got up and screamed . She got burned and had to get aloe .	PERSON had been really stressed at work lately . She wanted to do something to help her relax . One the table she noticed an ad for a spa . She called the spa and set an appointment . She went to her appointment and got a wonderful massage .
wallet	PERSON needed a new wallet , since her old one was falling apart . She went online to look for cheap wallets she could buy . She saw one that was free , if she could make it ! She followed the instructions to make a homemade duct tape wallet . PERSON 's new wallet was so cool - and , best of all , it was free !	Yesterday , i went to the grocery store . I brought some snacks and something to drink . When i 'm at the counter , i noticed i left my wallet . I was too nervous and do n't know what to do . Then i remember , it was on my pocket .	I have shopped for many wallets over the years . I began with standard leather wallets . They tended to wear down and were bulky . I switched to canvas wallets but they were very juvenile looking . I finally found a thin grown up fabric wallet .
the auction	PERSON auctioned off his childhood teddy bear on ebay . He saw no one was bidding on it . PERSON got an idea . He edited the post and said that the teddy bear was PERSON PERSON 's . Almost immediately , he saw the bids coming in and laughed devilishly .	PERSON had been going to auctions for months . She was looking for antique furniture . One day , she spotted a beautiful buffet . Bidding kept going higher but she was not going to cave ! She spent a fortune on the piece .	Today was PERSON 's very first auction . He had traveled from his home town to come to the big event . He was excited and nervous . The car PERSON wanted was next on the list and he was ready . After bidding back and forth , he was able to win his dream car .
cooking class	PERSON was never one for cooking . It was just not something that ever learned to do . She watched her husband eating her awful burnt food . Although he never complained , he grimaced every other bite . The next morning , she signed up for a cooking class .	PERSON and PERSON were tired of making the same dinners every night . They decided to take a cooking class together . They learned how to make over twenty different kinds of dishes . They had so much fun they signed up for another course too . Now they make a different dinner every night .	PERSON could n't cook . She decided to take a vegan cooking class . PERSON took notes , and paid attention . When it was her turn to cook her food turned out perfect . The teacher showed the class PERSON 's dish as an example of how to cook .
PERSON 's hike	PERSON took a hiking trip into the mountains . She set off on a steep and rocky trail . As she hiked , she had to be careful of her footing . PERSON nearly fell despite her efforts . At the end of the day , she was tired but content with the hike .	PERSON went on a hike with her family . They started at the bottom of a tree-covered hill . They walked up and through the hill , past lots of trees . After awhile , they made it to a canyon , where they sat for awhile . When they were done , they hiked back to their car .	PERSON went on a hike alone in the desert . PERSON suddenly tripped and sprained his ankle badly ! He had nobody with him to run for help , so he began to crawl alone . PERSON crawled for days through the desert before being spotted . He was eventually rescued and now always brings a friend hiking .
the hole	Two young men were playing roughly in their rented house . During a scuffle , one boy was thrust into the wall . When he stood up from the wall , he saw he left a hole . The young men hung up a poster to cover their destruction . Their landlord never noticed it when he inspected it .	PERSON had a pair of jeans he liked . One day he ripped a hole in them . PERSON did n't want to get rid of them . He decided to try and sew up the hole . It went well and he wore them often .	PERSON could n't figure out what was going on . There was a hole in her backyard . It got bigger every night ! She stayed up late to watch the hole . She saw a dog sneak in and start to dig !
PERSON 's promotion	PERSON was always passed over for promotions . One day , PERSON talked to his manager about this . His manager gave him the materials to study . He learned everything he needed to know within a few months . He finally got a much deserved promotion .	PERSON was always made fun of at work . One day he suggested some ideas to his coworkers and no one cared . His coworkers then proceeded to make fun of him for being stupid . Later that day , PERSON got a huge promotion . He now gets to tell those coworkers what to do .	PERSON has been working very hard at work . His manager has recognized his overtime and commitment . PERSON gets called into his manager 's office . PERSON receives a promotion . PERSON celebrates with his friends .
safety first	PERSON put on her riding helmet and chaps after she saddled her horse . PERSON got on her horse and began riding down the trail . Suddenly , PERSON 's horse spooked at the sound of a tree branch breaking . Jan 's horse bucked and PERSON was thrown hard to the ground . PERSON was not hurt because she wore her riding helmet and her chaps .	PERSON worked in a factory operating machinery . He was recently moved to a new machine that used a harsh chemical . His boss told him to wear safety gear or he would break out . PERSON felt silly in the equipment so he did n't listen . The next morning PERSON woke up to a itchy red rash all over him .	PERSON checked in at the construction site for his shift . He strolled in confidently and waved to his co-workers . His supervisor , PERSON asked him if he was forgetting anything . PERSON smiled and shook his head . Harry then handed PERSON his hard hat .
wedding	I love attending weddings . It was my auntie 's wedding when i was invited to become bride 's maid . I am so excited to try my gown but when i wear it it was tight . So lucky one bridesmaid is not attending and her gown fits with me . So i ended up wearing that beautiful gown stunning as always .	The man was invited to a wedding . He did not respond . The bride 's feelings were hurt . The groom called the man . The man confirmed that he would attend .	PERSON 's maid of honor helped PERSON put on a white silk gown . PERSON 's mom clipped a veil into PERSON 's hair . PERSON put a pair of white high heeled shoes on her feet . PERSON 's mom handed PERSON a bouquet of flowers . PERSON walked to the entrance of the church to get married .
lightning strike	PERSON was inside his home . It had been pouring for hours . Suddenly he heard a loud crack . Lightning had struck a tree in his front yard . The tree fell over and damaged his mailbox .	John realized it was raining . PERSON was soaked since he did not have an umbrella . PERSON heard frequent lightning strikes . PERSON had to find a place where he can wait it out . PERSON was almost struck by lightning on his way to a cafe .	PERSON was golfing with buddies . It started to rain a bit . PERSON was close to finishing and kept playing . Lighting hit really close to where he was standing . It convinced PERSON to take a raincheck .
silent	PERSON and PERSON were playing in the bedroom . PERSON 's dad told them to play silently . They began playing loudly . PERSON 's dad yelled at them at the top of his lungs . They played quietly for the rest of the night .	The boy tried to keep silent . His brother was looking for him . His brother got close . The boy held his breath . His brother never found him .	The woman hushed the man . The man looked surprised . She explained why she had done that . He nodded his head . She told him that he could talk again .
bake sale	PERSON 's school had a bake sale . She asked her mom if she would join . PERSON 's mom did n't know how to bake . She did n't want to let her daughter down , though . She agreed and made something easy .	PERSON 's chorus was having a bake sale to raise money for new robes . She spent all evening Friday baking cookies and brownies . On Saturday morning , she put them on the table with the other goodies . By noon all the baked goods were sold . The chorus had raised nearly half of what they needed in one day !	PERSON liked to bake cookies and cakes . She decided to go to culinary school to improve her skills . After she graduated , PERSON opened her own bake shop . Her cakes and cookies were very popular . PERSON was happy with her decision to go to culinary school .
dog sitting	The PERSON family was going on vacation out of town for a week . They did not want to pay to kennel their four dogs . Their daughter 's boyfriend loved the family dogs . The asked him to stay at their home and take care of the dogs . He was able to watch the dogs and they enjoyed their vacation .	PERSON is watching Billy the dog for a friend . He is a 200 pound dog . PERSON got very scared one day . He chewed a hole in PERSON 's bedroom door . PERSON does not want to dogsit PERSON again .	The PERSON family was going on vacation . The were unable to take their dog with them . PERSON PERSON was nervous about boarding the dog in a kennel . A neighbor told her about the DogVacay website . PERSON PERSON used the website to find a local family that would dog-sit .
PERSON 's pies	PERSON makes great pies . She 's so good at baking pies that people would hire her for holiday 's . The pies were so good that people started to order them regularly . PERSON is selling pies 7 days a week . She 's booked to sell pies until the end of the year !	PERSON loved to bake pies during the holidays . Each year on Christmas Eve she would bring pies to all the neighbors . This year on Christmas PERSON PERSON was sick and could n't bake the pies . All the neighbors felt bad for her and wanted to do something nice . They got together and baked a special Christmas pie just for PERSON .	PERSON always loved to bake at home . She decided one day to bring one of her pies to work . All of her co workers fell in love with her pies . She ended up selling some of her pies on the side . She ended up selling 100 pies in a week and bakes pies for a living .
PERSON 's new car	PERSON wrecked his car . His insurance gave him a ten thousand dollar reimbursement . PERSON went shopping for a new car . He decided on a brand new sedan . PERSON took his new car home that evening .	PERSON asked his parents for a car for his birthday . They decided to buy one for him . They went to the dealership and looked around . After looking for hours , they decided on a Mustang . PERSON was excited and thanked his parents profusely .	PERSON needs a new car . He heads to his dealership to view all of the cars . After test driving a few cars he picks his new car . He gets the financing offer he wanted . PERSON drives home with his new car .
the lost dog	Our dog ran away . We looked everywhere for him . When we were tired of looking we sat on the porch . Suddenly we saw a man walking with our dog . He brought our dog back home !	PERSON was biking when he spotted a lost dog . He asked his family for help finding the owner . They went door to door asking for information about the owner . Still they could n't find him , so they put up posters . Luckily someone called in about the poster and claimed the dog .	PERSON woke up one morning to find that his dog Bear was missing . He ran downstairs and all around his house , yelling Bear 's name . Running outside in his pajamas he kept yelling for his dog Bear . He heard barking , so he ran as fast as he could towards the sound . There he found Bear playing with the neighbor 's dog .
apple tree	A little boy sat under the apple tree . He saw an apple fall . He wondered why it did that . His interest soared . He studied it for years .	PERSON 's parents bought him an apple tree . PERSON happily planted it in his backyard . PERSON took very good care of the tree . He could n't wait for his first harvest . His first bite into an apple resulted in half of a worm in his mouth .	PERSON told PERSON there was a apple tree down the street . PERSON wanted me to go with her to find the apple tree . I told PERSON that PERSON was just playing with her . PERSON went to look for the apple tree any way . When PERSON returned she was sad there was no apple tree .
volcano	PERSON wanted to make a volcano for her science fair project . She went online and looked up instructions . Then she carefully crafted her project . On science fair day , her volcano really erupted ! PERSON impressed her teachers with her great project .	PERSON entered the science competition at school . He decided to make an erupting volcano . He worked on his project every day after school . The teachers were amazed at his volcano . PERSON won first place .	They burned a brilliant shade of grey . No cloud was present in the sky . Flecks of ash rained down all around like snow . In the distance , a deep crimson glow gave tell to an active volcano . The news ran stories on it for many weeks .
asparagus	Helen hated Asparagus a lot . She hated it so much she never ate it . One day , she accidentally tasted a little . She liked it so much she ate more . Now PERSON eats Asparagus every single day .	PERSON had asparagus on his plate . He hated the taste . He could n't leave the table until he was done . He had a plan . He fed it to his dog so it looked like he ate it .	PERSON like almost every vegetable except asparagus . Her parents knew this so they did n't make her eat it . When she was visiting her grandparents they served asparagus . She did n't want to be rude , but she did n't want to eat it either . When her grandma was n't looking , her dad moved it to his plate .
writing a book	PERSON really wanted to be a writer . He got a new writing program for his computer . He sat down with his ideas and started typing . Months latter he had a finished book and took it the publisher . He was so excited when he saw his book in a bookstore .	PERSON wrote a book . She tried to get it published . She sent it to different places . Eventually one publishing house picked it up . It sold well and they asked her for another book .	When I was in Kindergarten I wrote a short book . It was a fictional story . Other kids met together . They read other books kids wrote . It inspired me to write another one .
learning spanish	PERSON decided to learn Spanish . He bought Rosetta Stone . Then he started learning . Soon he was fluent ! He was glad he could communicate with Spanish-speaking people .	PERSON wanted to learn a new language . He decided on Spanish because he would be able to use it daily . He signed up for classes and practiced with native Spanish speakers . He improved his Spanish language skills . His hard work and passion enabled him to eventually become fluent .	I signed up for freshman Spanish . I found it very difficult to learn the different nouns . I had trouble learning how to put together sentences . I studied as hard as I possibly could . I ended up passing freshman Spanish .
the help	PERSON 's son worked for him on his farm . His son was leaning over a fence to feed the hogs . PERSON 's son fell from the fence into the hog cage . He cracked two ribs . PERSON had to bring his son to the hospital .	PERSON saw a help wanted sign in a store as he walked down the street . He went inside to inquire about the position . The owner of the store said that the position was filled . The owner apologized and took down the sign . PERSON left in a huff !	THe rich man awoke from his bed in the morning . He rang a bell and waited . A servant appeared moments later . The servant offered the rich man a cup of tea . The rich man took it and rose from the bed .
feeding ducks	PERSON brought her little children to the park . They brought some stale bread to feed to the ducks . She guided her kids to a little bench near the pond . A small group of ducks wandered up to them . PERSON and her kids fed the ducks the bread .	PERSON was trying to feed ducks bread . The local park ranger saw him . He told him he should n't do that . He explained it was bad for the ducks . He gave them other food that 's good for them instead .	I was at the lake last weekend . While walking by the ducks I decided to throw some bread at them . They liked it and chased me as I walked away . No matter how fast I went they kept chasing . I had to run to my car and drive away from the darn ducks .
school day	Today I arrived to school a bit late . I had a presentation to give in front of the whole class . I nervously stood at the podium . I noticed I was wearing only my underwear . I woke up to find it was all just a bad dream .	PERSON was excited for show and tell today . He had prepared all week . He woke up early and dressed up . He did n't realize there would be a school shooting that day . He never got to give his presentation .	PERSON was nervous for her first day of school . She woke up an hour early . She did her hair special . She wore her brand new outfit . Her first day went well .
cruise ship	The cruise ship sailed out of LOCATION . The PERSON family onboard going to LOCATION . The waves crashed against the ship . The captain came on the loudspeaker . He announced due to the storm the ship was turning back .	PERSON wandered into someone else 's room on the cruise ship . He saw a woman lying on the bed in lingerie . The woman beckoned him closer . PERSON thought this could n't be happening . He turned around and the woman 's husband punched PERSON .	PERSON wanted to go on a cruise . She saved up money at her job for two years . She picked a cruise of the LOCATION . She spent most of the journey mildly seasick . PERSON was greatly distressed at her reaction to the cruise .
the mask	PERSON was all dressed up . She had been invited to a masquerade party . She wore a sparkly mask and a beautiful gown . She partied until the sun came up . The next morning , she had a pounding headache .	PERSON was shopping at a Halloween store . He found a terrifying mask . He bought it and put it on when he pulled into his driveway . He approached the house and tapped on the window . His mother screamed and fainted when she saw him !	I always get excited for costume parties . I got invited to one this weekend . I could not find a good costume in time . I decided to design the perfect mask . I ended up having the best disguise at the party .
littering	One day PERSON went to the park for a walk . While he was there , he saw a man throw an empty bottle on the ground . PERSON decided to do a good deed and throw it away . He then reported the man to park rangers . The man had to pay a fine .	I was at the park with my friends . We threw our garbage on the ground . We figured a little litter would not hurt . By the end of the day , the park was covered in trash . We felt so bad that we cleaned the entire park .	PERSON was eating a burger in a wrapper . She did not see a trash can , so she threw the wrapper on the ground . A cop saw her do this . He told her to pick it up . He wrote her a ticket and now she has to clean a park .
theme park	Amber loves roller coasters . She went with her sister to the Six Flags Magic Mountain theme park . They rode the roller coasters all day . Before leaving the park they stopped to get some food . They left the park both exhausted and happy .	I took my family to a theme park last Saturday . They could n't agree on what to ride at any point of the day . Some wanted roller coasters while others wanted slow rides . I had to make all of the ride choices for them . I had a great time , but I think they only enjoyed it half as much .	PERSON and PERSON were good friends . They wanted to do a fun activity together . PERSON suggested they visit a theme park . They went to the theme park . They had a great time and bonded well .
new license	Lily just learned how to drive . She needed a license . She went and got one . It felt so freeing . She could n't believe she finally had one .	PERSON always wanted to ride motorcycles . He decided he would take a motorcycle class . After passing his class , he decided to take his license test . PERSON easily passed his test and got his license . He is now saving up for his first motorcycle .	PERSON just turned 15 . He wanted to get his driver 's license . He asked his parents for help . They helped him practice . He got his license .
family vacation	The PERSON family wanted to decide a place to go . They asked their kids . The kids said Disneyland . They bought tickets . They went to LOCATION .	PERSON 's entire family was going on vacation to LOCATION . This included his aunts , uncles and all of his cousins . Their flight was scheduled for 8 o'clock in the morning . Getting all those people ready for the shuttle at 5am was tricky . But somehow they made it there with plenty of time to spare .	The PERSON took a family vacation every summer . This summer they had struggled financially . They were not able to have a vacation . The PERSON decided to still have fun camping in their yard . It was as much fun as any previous vacation .
crack	The family was walking across the wooden bridge . As soon as dad stepped on one block , it broke in two . His right leg got caught into the opening . Despite being scared , I tried to help him get up . Luckily , we were able to save him and get on the other side .	A hairline crack ran down the middle of the glass . PERSON noticed it as she put her wine glass down . She went to the kitchen and got another glass . She poured what was left of her wine into it . PERSON carefully through the cracked glass away in the trash .	The little girl was running . She ran upstairs to her room . She was making loud thumps as she ran . A vase fell in the hallway . The little girl went to look at it and found a huge crack .
the bike	PERSON rode his bike to work . He brought his bike into his office . His boss saw the bike . His boss informed PERSON that the bike had to go . PERSON rode his bike home .	The mom bought herself a bike . Her kids liked to bike , so she decided that she would join them . They started riding every day . They worked their way up to ten miles . Biking had become their new favorite hobby .	PERSON saw a bike that he wanted in a store window . Because his family was poor they could not get PERSON the bike . So PERSON decided to get a job as a paperboy . He saved all of his money that he earned daily . Eventually PERSON was able to purchase the bike for himself .
movie	The movie started . People were still talking . The man got angry . He demanded silence . The crowd got quiet .	We went to watch a movie . We did n't know what we wanted to see . We chose a horror movie . We both enjoyed it very much . We talked about it all the way home .	We went to see a movie . It was an adult comedy . Since the kids were at home , we did n't feel guilty . We enjoyed the film . Afterwards we went out to dinner .
homemade	I used to buy bread at grocery stores . But I was disappointed in the limited selection . So I tried making my own bread . After several tries however , I did n't like the results . But I still continue to bake bread .	PERSON was spending a lot of money on granola bars . So he thought that he should make his own . He was surprised that they tasted better than the ones he bought . So he ended up making his own granola bars from then on . And he was happy about how much money he saved .	I wanted to spend less money on food . So I decided to bake my own granola bars . I brought them with me during bike rides . And I did n't have to stop at cafes any longer . I ended up saving lots of money .
first kiss	I used to walk home from school with a girl from the neighborhood . One day after school we went over to my house . My parents happen to not be home on that day . We were in the kitchen getting a snack . She then pushed me against the wall and kissed me .	It was my fifth grade dance . I had a huge crush on this girl . I finally asked her to dance . I leaned in to try and steal a kiss . She kicked me in the shin as hard as she could .	PERSON and PERSON both liked each other . One day they went to play in the park together . PERSON could n't take it anymore and he kissed her . PERSON looked at PERSON and smiled . They walked away being together .
chewing gum	PERSON was very proud of her long hair . She took good care of them until she slept on the grass on her lawn . When she woke up , she realized her hair was full of chewing gum . She cried and went to her mom . Her mom cut all of her hair until it was short to the ears .	PERSON bought a huge pack of gum . He shoved it all in his mouth and chewed it . PERSON told him a hilarious joke . The gum fell out of his mouth and onto the shag carpet . It made a huge mess and ruined the carpet .	PERSON vowed to quit chewing gum . She switched to hard candies instead . But three weeks later , she weighed herself . PERSON was shocked to see she 'd gained 5 pounds from the candy ! She went right back to chewing gum !
cable tv	We got cable tv in 1986 . Someone signed us up on the street . The installer came and drilled a hole right through the building . We were concerned as we were only renting an apartment . The landlord never made an issue of it .	I really wanted cable television . However , I was not able to afford it . I asked my friends for advice . They came up with the perfect solution . I could watch cable tv at their places whenever I wanted .	My friend PERSON lived our condo complex in 1993 . PERSON tapped into a cable box and stole the feed . The company suspected and sent a rep to PERSON 's unit . PERSON 's wife refused to let the rep into her condo . PERSON disconnected the feed that night .
dentist appointment	PERSON was very afraid of the dentist . When she had to go , PERSON hid and missed her appointment . One day , PERSON 's mom promised to get her ice cream and balloons . Ice cream was PERSON 's favorite treat and she loved balloons . PERSON was so happy after having ice cream that she went to the dentist .	PERSON had a dentist appointment at noon . He made sure to leave the house early so he would get there on time . On the way he got a flat tire . He had to cancel his appointment . A tow truck came and drove him home .	Dental care costs less in LOCATION . Once a month I cross the border to see my dentist . Last week I had to go , but i forgot my passport . When I realized I did n't have it I had to turn around . When I finally got there they had closed .
iced coffee	PERSON poured the iced coffee ingredients into a cup that had a lid . She shook the cup vigorously . Sadly , she had neglected to screw the lid on securely . She cleaned coffee off of the floor for a long time . She decided to get iced coffee from the coffee shop from then on .	PERSON woke up at six in the morning . He got ready for work . He spent less time than he anticipated . He decided to stop for a treat on his way to work . He bought himself an iced coffee .	I took a bottle of iced coffee out on a hot day . I packed it in my messenger bag with a book . I went and read outdoors . I drank half the bottle and closed the cap , but not tightly . The coffee spilled all over my book and bag .
videogames	PERSON loved playing video games . He had just bought a space shooter game . It was well past his bedtime , but the game was too addicting . The next morning , PERSON could barely crawl out of bed . It was very hard to stay focused for the rest of the day .	PERSON was playing video games . The sound of explosions and gunfire emitted from the television . His mother walked in the room and sighed . She turned off the television , much to PERSON 's protest . PERSON had been playing all morning .	PERSON loved playing video games . He was better at video games than all of his friends . Sometimes PERSON would brag about his skills to everyone . PERSON 's friends did not like hearing him brag . PERSON learned to be more humble after seeing his friends ' faces .
meatballs	Yesterday I was craving meatballs all day . Today , my boyfriend went to the store . He bought all the ingredients to make meatballs . I began to make the meatballs and it took some time . The meatballs were done by dinner time .	PERSON decided to make homemade meatballs for dinner . She figured it could not be that difficult . She rolled her meat and baked the balls . But she forgot to add seasonings . The meatballs did not taste very good .	My family went to an Italian restaurant for dinner . My 8 year old son ate all of his meatballs . He ate the leftover meatballs off my plate , too . Then he at the leftover meatballs off his mom 's plater . When we walked out he said he never wants to meatballs again .
driving around	In the country there is n't much to do for fun . When I was a teenager we would drive around all night . We never really went anywhere . It was just something fun to do . I miss driving around sometimes .	PERSON had a headache . He wanted to relax . PERSON decided to go for a drive . He cruised around for a while . It helped him relax .	PERSON was bored one day . He decided to drive around . He had no real place to go . Eventually he realized he was wandering alone . PERSON turned around and went home .
PERSON the cat	PERSON was looking to adopt a cat from the animal shelter . She had done research on what type of cat she was looking to get . PERSON went downtown and saw hundreds of animals that needed homes . There was a kitten named PERSON in a cage that made her heart melt . She adopted PERSON and brought her back home .	Ernesto the cat likes to run in the roof . Every night he goes outside and chases around other cats . One time , a big cat got angry and chased PERSON back . Ernesto got really scared and run away . He came back to his house to ask for hugs .	PERSON the cat was recently adopted by a nice family of three . They had never had a cat before but they were excited to have PERSON . When PERSON arrived at home he was excited and he started to explore . He jumped and pounced and everything and it scared his new family ! They soon got used to PERSON and he was loved by all .
the alley	PERSON was walking home . He saw a shortcut through the alley . The alley was dark and scary . PERSON heard a noise behind him . He took off running away from the alley .	PERSON was n't allowed to go into the street , or the alley . PERSON 's friend PERSON wanted to show her something cool in the alley . PERSON knew she should n't go , but wanted to be cool . As they walked down the alley PERSON 's grandpa pulled up . PERSON was forced to go sit in her room for the rest of the day .	There was an alley between two large buildings . No one ever went in it because it was dark and scary . PERSON decided to check it out . When she crept down it , she found nine stray cats . They hissed at her so she ran away .
PERSON runs	PERSON always loved running as a kid . He ran so well in high school that he got a scholarship . In college he continued running and won many awards . He eventually graduated and married a girl named PERSON . They settled down and he still runs occasionally .	PERSON was the only one of his friends who was not an athlete . He felt embarrassed that all of his friends were so athletic . PERSON decided to try out for the track team . After weeks of practicing , he was accepted to the team . PERSON is very happy that he became athletic .	PERSON was dressed and ready to go for a run . PERSON left her house , locked the door , and walked to the park . At the park , PERSON jogged lightly around for twenty minutes . PERSON walked home after her run . She unlocked the door and went inside .
water	PERSON was working at the office . He suddenly realized he has not had water in a long time . He got up to go to the watercooler . He filled his cup with water . He drank the water .	The water was deep and murky . As she stepped in , the girl thought it looked a bit thick even . She sludged through , thinking about alligators . Fearful , she began to run toward shore . She arrived safely in her husband 's arms .	She got out of bed at 8 months pregnant . She walked to the bathroom . She sat down on the toilet . Without pushing , lots of fluid came out . She realized her water had broken .
campfire	PERSON gathered wood for a campfire . He put the wood on the ground . His friend chopped the wood . Then his friend told PERSON to start the fire . PERSON started the fire for everyone .	PERSON went out to her parents ' cabin to light a campfire . She stoked the fire until it was a roaring blaze . Then she sat in front of it and contemplated the nature around her . It was peaceful and very relaxing . PERSON had a great time enjoying the serenity of the campfire .	June was camping . She was trying to build a fire . At first she struggled . Finally she got it to light . June was proud of herself !
the puppy	PERSON wanted a puppy . Her daddy took her to the animal shelter to look . There were all kinds to choose from . She looked in the last cage , and in the corner was a small black puppy PERSON picked it up and it was instant love , and home they went .	PERSON wanted a puppy for his birthday . His parents told him that they did not have time for a dog . PERSON was disappointed . PERSON 's parents threw him a party in the back yard . When he went outside , his parents had gotten the puppy .	PERSON was shopping with his mom for Christmas . He saw an adorable puppy in the pet store window . He begged his mom to get the puppy , but she did n't want a dog . Christmas finally came and PERSON started to open presents . He heard a bark from a box and was ecstatic to find it was the puppy .
learning to drive	PERSON learned to drive when she was fourteen years old . Her dad took her to a school that had lots of clear roads . She had the seat all the way forward to reach the pedals . Some days she would practice for an hour . When it was time to get her license she was already sure of herself .	PERSON was taking driver 's ed . He had never used a car before . PERSON was nervous and did poorly at first . After some practice he started feeling more comfortable . Eventually he passed the test with good grades .	PERSON could n't wait to be 16 so she could drive herself around . But the first step in driving was learning to drive . Her father was the one who was going to teach her . It was a scary job , but he knew it had to be done . Soon enough PERSON was a great driver and ready to take the test .
paying it forward	Sue was at the coffee shop . She ordered her usual iced latte from the barista . When she got to the cashier to pay , her order was already paid for . Sue decided to leave money anyway . She was thankful for her own kind gesture and wanted to do the same .	PERSON was going through the line at Starbucks . When she was about to pay , she was told her order was taken care of . She decided to pay it forward as well . PERSON had never experienced kindness like that . She has made it her goal to do acts of kindness every week .	A man bought a used car . It seemed like a great purchase at the time . Within a week , though , things began to go wrong . When he went back to complain , the dealership was out of business . The man took the low road , and sold the car to a new victim .
new candy store	A new candy store decided to open up down the street . As a result I decided to check it out . I walked over there today to try some candy . When I went inside I was amazed . They had every candy imaginable .	I went to the mall today to get a few items . But when I was there I saw a candy store . I decided to walk in . I was amazed at all the items and tried a lot of samples . I ended up spending about one hundred dollars .	A new candy store was opening up right on PERSON 's street . PERSON then decided to check it out . As a result when she got there , she was amazed . She immediately put every candy in her bag . She ended up spending over one hundred .
hair	My husband tried to cut his beard off . When he was halfway done , the battery died on his clippers . He had half a beard hanging and no way of charging them . He had to go to the store to buy a new charger . He was very embarrassed .	PERSON has always had rather long hair . A few years ago , she chopped it off . She 's been trying to grow it out again . PERSON is impatient . She decides to order a wig .	PERSON died her hair red . She thought her hair did not turn red enough . She bleached her hair for twenty minutes . Her hair turned a bright orange . PERSON was proud of her new hair color .
jog	PERSON wanted to get stronger . She decided to start jogging . At first she could only run a few blocks . But soon she was jogging for miles easily . PERSON was proud of her increased strength and endurance !	PERSON and PERSON took a jog . They wanted to see how long they can go . They jogged for 20 minutes straight . They were so exhausted . It was a new record for them though .	I was going for a jog along the road outside my house . I saw my neighbor 's dog in my neighbor 's front yard . When I jogged past , the dog ran towards me and attacked me . My neighbor heard my screams and came out to help me . He pulled his dog away from me and I was saved from being bitten .
pool party	PERSON got invited to a pool party . She was excited to go . Everyone else was going . Everyone except fo PERSON . PERSON felt badly for PERSON .	PERSON organized a pool party for his neighborhood . He invited everyone on the block . One of his invitations got lost by the mail . That neighbor assumed that PERSON did not invite her . She held a grudge against him from then on .	PERSON 's birthday was coming up soon . She was very excited and invited all her friends . On the day of the party it was very hot . PERSON 's mom suggested the kids play in the pool . Her mom saved the party and all the kids had a great time .
PERSON 's bird	PERSON has a pet bird . He takes it everywhere with him . PERSON pet bird flew away one day . PERSON became very upset . The bird has since returned and PERSON is very happy again .	PERSON had a parrot that talked . He brought his parrot to school . During show and tell , PERSON 's parrot said a bad word . The teacher told PERSON not to bring his bird again . When PERSON got home , he was grounded .	PERSON walked down the street and heard some chirping . A bird was lying on the sidewalk . It appeared to be injured . PERSON wrapped the bird up in her shirt and took it home . After a few weeks , PERSON nursed it back to health .
electricity	PERSON wanted to unplug his laptop that was charging . He reached for the plug . He pulled it out slowly . He accidentally shocked himself . He felt pain and was upset but successfully unplugged it .	PERSON lived in a very old house with old wiring . When she would turn her TV on her lights would dim . PERSON called an electrician to come fix her problem . When he came over he told PERSON it would be very expensive . She decided to live with the dimming lights for a little while longer .	PERSON was behind on his electric bill . He called the electric company and asked for a payment scheme . The company wanted their money in three equal payments . PERSON agreed to the three equal payments . And now PERSON 's electricity wo n't be shut off .
stray	Nala saw an adorable stray cat . She approached it to pet it . But as she put her hand out , it clawed at her fiercely ! Nala withdrew her hand to nurse her gouges . She realized it had been unwise to try to pet a stray cat .	PERSON found a stray cat wandering around . She began to leave it milk and meat . Soon it followed her around outside . Then she lured it into her room . PERSON had her own pet cat now !	Will came home one day after work . There was a stray cat lounging by his front door . Will brought the cat a bowl of milk . The next day , the same thing happened with the cat . Will decided to keep the cat and love it as his pet !
power	There were two powerful families . One was the PERSON 's . One was called the Thompsons . The PERSON 's went to war with the PERSON . The PERSON 's ended up winning the war and took over .	PERSON was miserable . He wished he were a powerful king . However he was only a custodian . PERSON had an idea . He would hide in the closet and pretend it was his kingdom .	PERSON got up to go to the bathroom at night . There was no light and the room was dark . She stumbled on a cord and kept walking . The alarm clock cord was pulled out of the wall near her bed . Without the power , there would be no alarm to wake her for work .
bird	PERSON 's parakeet escaped one day . She looked everywhere but feared it was gone . Then she heard a tiny peep . The sly bird was hiding up in the corner by the fan ! PERSON was relieved that it had not flown away .	Karen was walking on the sidewalk when something caught her eye . There was a dead bird lying on the ground . She felt sorry for it and went home to get some gloves . She carefully scooped it up and took it to her backyard . The bird received a proper burial and a small grave .	A black crow bird flew in our house yesterday . The crow bird spread its wings and scared everyone . We threw a net over the bird 's head . The bird screamed and yelled bloody murder . We took the bird outside to fly but it died .
PERSON eats dinner	PERSON wants a nice meal for dinner . PERSON decides to go get seafood . PERSON orders salmon and rice . PERSON enjoys her salmon and rice dinner . PERSON orders dessert as well .	PERSON has had a tough day at work and is feeling tired . She cooks a big meal when she gets home . After eating , she feels very satisfied . She cleans up the dishes and gets ready for bed . PERSON is happy to be going to sleep after a long day .	PERSON decided she was hungry . She checked her cupboards and and found nothing . She decided to go to her favorite restaurant . She ordered herself a burger and fries . PERSON felt better after eating a good meal .
PERSON gets robbed	PERSON is walking down the street . She gets mugged . Her purse is taken and her watch . She tries running after them . She can not catch them and they get away .	PERSON was touring the big apple . He was just a country boy from LOCATION . He was going for a walk in LOCATION LOCATION . Two black men tell him to empty his pockets . The men got away with PERSON 's wallet .	PERSON is walking home from the club . While walking she feels someone grab her arm . They turn her around and point a gun at her . They demanded her purse . She gives them her purse and is robbed .
exercising	Now that winter is over PERSON knows he needs to start exercising . He purchased a gym membership near his home . PERSON then went to work on losing weight and being healthy . After working out two weeks PERSON fell on the treadmill . Now he must wait until he heals to begin exercising again .	PERSON decided that she needed to increase her exercise routine . She bought a new pair of tennis shoes so her feet would be supported . She then found her fitbit and charged it . When she got home from work she was tired and did n't want to go out . She changed her mind and put her shoes on and headed out to walk .	PERSON bought herself a new treadmill . She hopped on for the first time and started experimenting . She kept going faster and faster on the treadmill . Eventually , she could n't run fast enough . PERSON fell off the back of the treadmill and slammed onto the floor .
fat	The man made poor eating choices . He grew very fat . The doctor told him to go on a diet . The diet failed . The man died of heart disease .	PERSON was a very heavy woman . She finally decided to lose weight . She ate healthy and exercised every day . After a year , PERSON is looking really good . PERSON swears never to be heavy again !	My wife put on a dress . She asked me if she looked fat in it . I told her she looked fat . She got angry . I had to sleep on the couch for a week .
bloody nose	PERSON was at work one day , when he got a bloody nose . He quickly ran to the back of the store and grabbed a towel . After cleaning up , he made sure his nose was n't bleeding anymore . He looked outside , and saw a line of people waiting for him . PERSON quickly ran back and got back to work .	This morning I was on the couch when I felt my nose start to drip . I absentmindedly reached up to wipe it with my hand . When I pulled my hand away I saw blood . I went to the bathroom and got toilet tissue . After a few moments , the bleeding finally stopped .	PERSON and his brother were playing video games . They were competing against each other . PERSON was winning and his brother was angry . His brother took the controller and threw it at PERSON 's face . The controller hit PERSON 's nose and he has blood pouring everywhere .
breast cancer	I was so afraid I had breast cancer . I went to the doctor for a biopsy . They put a large needle in my breast and took a sample . I had to wait for a week for results . I am happy to be cancer free .	PERSON went to the doctor for her annual exam . A lump was found on her breast and she needed more testing . She went to a follow up appointment and it was confirmed as cancer . PERSON went through several rounds of chemotherapy . Fortunately , she had no signs of cancer following her treatment .	PERSON was taking a shower one night . As she always did once a month , she did her self check breast exam . To her surprise she felt a small lump . She went to the Doctor who confirmed it was breast cancer . PERSON is now going through chemotherapy .
the message	A man felt unwelcome in his new neighborhood . He heard a knock at the door . When he opened the door , no one was there . All he found was a flaming arrow stuck to the door . The arrow had a note that said to get out .	PERSON received an online message from an unknown person . She was afraid to reply because the sender might be dangerous . PERSON called her friend PERSON and asked him what to do . PERSON said that he had recently sent PERSON an online message . PERSON accepted the message and put her fears to rest .	A man woke up and got dressed . He went to the bathroom to groom his hair . In the mirror was a message . The told him he had a 30 second memory and to remember that . After he read the mirror he finished his hair and forgot about it .
glass	A class was having a philosophical discussion . The teacher had a glass of water . They wondered if the glass was half empty or half full . They did n't come to a consensus . They decided it could go both ways .	The children gather to play a game . They gather their equipment for baseball . One child cracks the ball with the bat . The ball shatters a window . All of the children quickly run back to their house .	PERSON stepped on a shard of broken glass . She pulled it out , but the wound reddened . The soreness made her seek medical attention . A doctor gave PERSON a painful tetanus shot . PERSON resolved never to go barefoot again !
stolen money	I checked my wallet . All of the money and my credit cards were gone . I went to see the only person I came into contact with that day . Since we knew each other for a few days , I became suspicious . He admitted that he tried to steal all of my money to pay his bills .	PERSON was saving up for a new video game . He was n't making enough money at his retail job . He decided to steal some money from the register . The manager noticed the cash register was short money . PERSON got fired from his job .	PERSON and her friend walked to the store during lunch break . They went most days instead of eating a school lunch . PERSON only had $ 3 she had taken from he mom 's coat . At the store when it was time to pay she only had $ 2 Somehow PERSON had lost $ 1 from the money she stole .
PERSON 's wife	I talked to my friend PERSON 's wife today . I asked for PERSON but he was not home . I told PERSON 's wife about how PERSON said she is spoiled . She kiddingly said he is the spoiled one . We had some small talk before saying goodbye .	PERSON had n't seen his wife in days . He began to get worried . He decided to contact the police . The police conducted an investigation . PERSON 's wife was found safe and sound .	PERSON wanted to do something nice for his wife . He knew that she would want to do an activity together . He decided to buy her a cooking class . PERSON gave her a card telling her about the cooking class . She was extremely happy and impressed with PERSON 's gift .
PERSON 's song	PERSON 's teacher asked her to sing at the play . PERSON was delighted . She practiced every day . When it was time for her to sing she forgot the words . PERSON ran off the stage crying .	Playing on his guitar , PERSON was trying to sing along . His vocals were n't the best , but he kept practicing . Singing random lyrics , he eventually got a bit better . Recording it , he decided to mail it to the radio stations . A few days later , PERSON 's song was playing on a local station .	PERSON wanted to write a song of her own . As she began , she had a lot of trouble . PERSON wrote a letter to a talented musician for help . The musician responded and gave some tips . PERSON confidently tried again .
litter	PERSON rolled up a piece of paper . He threw it in the trash . He missed the trashcan and it fell on the floor . PERSON went back to working . A coworker handed him the paper and told him not to litter .	The man cleaned the litter box . Some of the litter got on the floor . The man did n't clean up the litter on the floor . The man 's wife saw the mess . She told the husband to clean it up .	PERSON loved walking on the local trails . One day while walking he noticed trash scattered about . It made him angry that people littered . The next day he went back to the trail with some bags . He cleaned up the area of litter the best he could .
PERSON 's house	PERSON loved to have people over . Having a small apartment made that hard . She wanted a house . She saved for a long time . Finally , she bought a beautiful home !	PERSON moved away from her hometown after finishing high school . After she left , her parents also moved away . However , her parents had a hard time selling their old house . PERSON decided to spend the next summer at home to fix up the house . Because of this , the house sold within the next year .	PERSON had many friends his own age . He had his friends over nearly every day to play in the yard . Today PERSON was sick and his friends missed him . They all came together and made him a get well card . PERSON was happy to receive his card and started to feel better .
guns	PERSON was afraid of guns . One day his uncle took him to a shooting range . He taught him how to shoot the gun . But the gun had a huge recoil and flew out of his hand ! PERSON is now even more afraid of guns .	PERSON was scared of guns but his dad used them for hunting . One day PERSON was asked if he wanted to go hunting . PERSON decided he would go try it with his dad . He did not like it at all and let his dad know . PERSON 's dad supported him in his decision .	PERSON was at a shooting range learning to use a pistol . Her teacher showed her how to hold the gun . She aimed for the target and fired . She hit the target right in the middle the first time ! PERSON discovered she enjoys shooting pistols .
sugar	Smear was baking a cake for his sister . The next step required one cup of sugar . He opened the cupboard and reached for the bag of sugar . However , he slipped and stumbled across the kitchen floor . The bag of sugar opened and spilled everywhere .	PERSON has a sweet tooth . She loves everything with sugar . She decided to take a walk to the candy shop . While there she bought five pounds of candy . PERSON now has a cavity .	PERSON started feeling shaky whenever he ate dessert . He went to the doctor , and got a blood test . The doctor told him that he had type 2 diabetes . PERSON did n't want to take insulin , so he worked on diet and exercise . 12 months later , PERSON 's diabetes was managed entirely by diet .
chemistry	PERSON was preparing for his chemistry exam . He was very worried about failing it so he studied with friends . While studying he gained a lot of confidence . On the day of the exam PERSON felt really good . He passed the test and was happy with himself !	PERSON had an extra class slot in his senior schedule . He decided to take a chemistry class . He thought it would be very difficult . But he found that it was fun and challenging , not too hard . PERSON was so glad he had chosen chemistry !	It was a rainy day and young PERSON was bored . She wandered her home , trying to think of something to do . She came across her brother 's chemistry set and was soon absorbed . She loved watching the interesting chemical reactions ! PERSON decided then and there to become the best chemist ever .
mechanical turk	I was unemployed for six months . No one would hire me or give me an interview . I decided that a normal job was n't for me . I decided to work on Mechanical Turk instead . With Mechanical Turk I was able to make lots of money !	I wanted to take a vacation . I did n't have enough money to buy a plane ticket . I decided to look for side jobs to do in my free time . A friend recommended Mechanical Turk . Now I use the Mechanical Turk to make extra money .	PERSON has school loans . She wanted to make extra money to pay them off . She tried out Mechanical Turk . There was too much time invested for too little benefit . PERSON was not able to pay off her loans .
prom queen	PERSON wants to be prom queen . She works very hard with getting her classmates votes . PERSON is sure she will win . She even buys an expensive prom dress . PERSON is only nominated for second place .	PERSON was a candidate for prom queen . At prom , she was hopeful . She really wanted to win ! But when the winner was announced , it was n't her . PERSON was dismayed .	PERSON bought a new dress . She knew she looked beautiful in it . She wore it to prom . She looked so good she was named prom queen . She made many new friends after that .
the offer	PERSON was looking for a new job . PERSON got two new job offers on the same day . One job would make PERSON happy . The other job would pay PERSON more money . PERSON took the job that would make him happy .	PERSON was interested in buying a house . He contacted a local real estate agent about viewing a few houses . He found one that was 20 minutes away from work . He decided to put an offer on the house . The seller accepted the offer right away .	PERSON could only buy one comic book . He wanted five comic books . PERSON offered to sweep and clean the store . The store manager agreed . He was awarded with four more comic books .
too fast	PERSON was driving . He was late for work . He started driving at eighty miles an hour . A cop pulled him over to give him a ticket . He never drove fast again .	Karen was 9 months pregnant . She was very ready to have her baby . One night she was woken up by her water breaking . Her and her husband began their 30 minute drive to the hospital . The baby could n't wait and was born in the car .	When I started the race , I was incredibly nervous . Other runners were passing me and I felt I was running too slow . Seeing the one mile marker ahead , I increased my speed . Passing the two mile mark , I started to get a leg cramp . By mile five , I had to stop , and could n't finish the race .
clogged toilet	I tried to use the bathroom at a friend 's house . I picked the wrong one . It was clogged and I did n't know . I flushed and it overflowed . I had to sneak out the window .	PERSON was using the restroom in his house one afternoon . After finishing , he cleaned up and tried to flush the toilet . While flushing , he noticed that his toilet was clogged . To fix the problem , he got a plunger and unclogged the mess . After plunging for a minute , PERSON flushed the toilet and cleaned up .	PERSON was at a dinner party . She had to use the restroom . She accidentally clogged it . She was embarrassed . PERSON decided to leave the party early without telling anyone .
at home	PERSON was overweight and homely . For years she was tormented in school , and begged her mom for help . Finally her mom agreed to homeschool her . For the first time , PERSON could focus on learning and not on hurt ! PERSON learned a lot , and she loved being taught at home .	PERSON dropped her daughter PERSON off at home . She needed to discuss PERSON 's suspension with her , but time was short . PERSON drove back to work speeding the whole way . A deadline was approaching for a project at work . PERSON arrived to see no one was working on the project .	I graduated college . I could not find a job . I had to move back home with my parents . They were glad to have me home . However , I felt disappointed in myself .
the talent show	PERSON wanted to do magic for the talent show . He practiced his act all week ! Friday was the talent show , and PERSON was nervous . PERSON performed his magic act flawlessly . PERSON won the show and brought home a trophy !	Today is our school 's talent show . I 've prepared a dance for everyone . I am so excited for everyone to watch the show . I will twirl around the stage . My parents were so proud of me .	PERSON entered the talent show at her school . She was going to recite a poem . PERSON got hoarse and could n't speak . PERSON backed out of the play . She was upset not to perform in the talent show .
sleepy	PERSON had n't gotten a lot of sleep the past few nights . He was extremely tired . Even coffee was n't keeping him awake . PERSON went straight home after work . He went to bed right after a shower .	PERSON took a flight from LOCATION LOCATION to LOCATION . The flight was long with only one layover . He barely slept on the plane . He arrived in LOCATION . He was so sleepy that he got robbed on the Indian streets .	I decided to go to a party . It was late at night and I was sleepy . I regretted my decision but I decided to stay at the party . The next day , I felt terrible . I learned that I should not go to parties late a night .
losing a bet	PERSON had a favorite UFC fighter . He always wanted him to win . He had a tough fight coming up but PERSON bet money on him . He felt like he would be a traitor otherwise . PERSON wound up losing his bet .	PERSON made a bet with his crush . Loser would have to buy the winner dinner . PERSON knew he would lose the bet . He cared more about going out to dinner with his crush . The plan worked and PERSON got his date .	PERSON was always considered a know it all . He would always want to bet his friends . One day a friend knew PERSON was wrong and bet him . PERSON reneged on his bet after being proven wrong . His friends starting hanging out with him even less .
blind	PERSON was blind on one eye and had been since birth . His doctor scheduled him for an experimental surgery . PERSON went under the anesthetic so hopefully ! When he awoke , he blinked groggily - and grinned . He could see blurry but definite vision from BOTH eyes !	Kia lost her eyes to a rare cancer . She was most depressed over being unable to play video games . Then her mom surprised her with a new discovery . There were actually video games for blind people ! Kia felt a tiny bit better hearing the wonderful news .	PERSON was a blind man . He decided to become an attorney . He read in braille and became a top attorney . He was respected in his field . He went on to live a fulfilling and successful life .
carnival	The school was holding a fundraiser . They decided to have a carnival . Each teacher had a booth . The principal was in the dunk tank . The school raised over $ 1,000 .	PERSON was excited to go to the carnival . First thing he did was run towards the games . He played a ring toss game . The first couple of times he did n't win but finally he won a prize . He chose a giant stuffed bear that he carried home .	The boy went to the carnival . He saw a ride he liked . He asked his dad if he could go . His dad took him to the ride . The ride conductor said the boy was too short .
the trampoline	I got mad at my brother one day after school . I was trying to jump on the trampoline , but he stuck his head under it . I jumped on it anyway , bouncing up and down on his head . He yelled for our mom to help him , but I did n't care . I was so tired of being bullied , it did n't matter anymore .	PERSON wanted to surprise his kids . He bought a trampoline and put it in the back yard . The kids were shocked when they came home ! The bounced and bounced for hours . The thanked him all night long .	PERSON and his baby brother PERSON could n't believe their eyes . There it was , just sitting underneath the Christmas tree . It was a brand new trampoline ! Their father put all the pieces together and finally it was time . They jumped all day and into the night .
nuggets	PERSON picked his kids up every weekend and they always wanted nuggets . He used to take them to a fast food place and spent eleven dollars ! Then he found that nuggets at the store were four dollars a bag . PERSON bought a bag and cooked for the kids himself . The four-dollar bag lasted them over a month !	PERSON was having lunch at school . PERSON liked being able to choose her own lunch . Today there were chicken nuggets in the cafeteria . PERSON had never heard of a chicken nugget . PERSON ended up getting nuggets because all her friend did .	PERSON bought a 5 piece chicken nugget from Burger king . She drove home and smelled the nuggets all the way there . After she placed her meal on the plate she was very disappointed . She only had 4 nuggets in the bag . PERSON went back to PERSON PERSON to get her last nugget .
the decision	The woman needed to make a difficult choice . She could n't decide if she wanted to take a new job in LOCATION or not . She made a list of the pros and cons . She decided to take the job . She began packing and preparing to move !	I found out I was pregnant about 3 months ago . I did not want to know the sex of the baby . I have been trying to think of names . There are so many choices . I decided to wait until I saw the baby to name it .	PERSON was lactose intolerant . At his friend 's birthday party , all of the treats had milk in them . He decided to eat a bunch of cake anyways . The following day he felt extremely sick . He thought it was worth it .
turkey	PERSON was a vegetarian because she liked all animals with faces . PERSON went to her favorite vegan restaurant early in the morning . The restaurant was closed so she went next door . PERSON was upset they did n't have any vegetarian meals . PERSON ended up getting a turkey sandwich that day .	PERSON was hosting Thanksgiving dinner for the first time . She was a great cook but had never cooked a turkey before . She was n't sure whether to bake or fry the turkey . PERSON researched several recipes online . She found a recipe that looked great and everyone loved the turkey .	PERSON visited his family at home . His mother had made a turkey dinner for his arrival . PERSON and his family sat down and ate the turkey dinner . They ate until they were all very full . PERSON was so full that he could barely move , but he was still happy .
PERSON 's first day of school	PERSON 's first day of school was yesterday . She was scared at first , but once she met everyone she opened up . Her teacher asked her to put her things in her cubby . PERSON did n't do that and got in trouble . She came home crying on her first day because she got in trouble .	It was time for PERSON 's first day of school . He was afraid because he did n't know what to expect . PERSON 's mom told him how fun school would be . After that , he was n't afraid anymore . When PERSON got home he told his mom how much fun he had at school .	PERSON was so excited to start preschool this year . On his first day he wore his favorite Spiderman hat . He was so excited that we got there early . I was a little sad but PERSON did n't hesitate to run into the school . After school he was so happy to tell me about his day .
curious PERSON	PERSON is an introvert . He hates going outside or doing anything social . Today he has to meet some new people at work . He discovers an old friend of his at the work meeting . PERSON is better with social situations and loves meeting people now .	A woman named PERSON found a plant that made money . She was in dire need of money , so , she harvested what she could . She tended to it daily , hoping for more and more . Although she had so many questions she continued to support the plant . She received all she needed and more from the plant .	PERSON was a peculiar little boy . He often stared at bugs and insects under a magnifying glass . He would find it all fascinating and was eager to learn more . When PERSON was older he became a scientist . He dedicated his life work to saving and studying insect life .
dare	PERSON was playing truth or dare at a party . And someone dared PERSON to shave her head . PERSON was afraid to say no . When PERSON got home , she got in lots of trouble . And she was no longer allowed to go to parties .	PERSON was dared to try a sea scallop on a dare . She thought the scallop was gross . But she wanted to look cool , so she accepted . She bit a tiny piece off and chewed . The scallop , sadly , was just as yucky as she 'd imagined !	Everyday a group of high school students held a contest at lunch . They mixed pizza , milk , corn , and everything the cafeteria offered . Students in the group dared each other to eat the mishmash for money . One day , a student threw up in class after lunch . The group never held the disgusting contest again .
bad picture	PERSON hated the way he looked in pictures . He would always try to avoid coming out in them . One day he was at a wedding . The photographer did n't take no for an answer . PERSON had to eventually hide in the bathroom .	PERSON was sick for school picture day . The photo taken of him was horrible . He asked the yearbook staff if there was anything he could do . They told him there were no options . PERSON had to deal with the horrible picture all his life .	PERSON had her school picture day . She wanted to make sure she looked good . When she sat down to take the picture she realized it was off . After her picture was done it was terrible . She did n't even want the photos .
tarantula	PERSON was sleeping in a hotel room in LOCATION . She woke up in the middle of the night to find a spider in her room . She then realized the spider was huge . The tarantula started crawling towards her . She screamed and ran right out of the room .	My friend used to have a pet tarantula . They had a small plastic cage that sat on the counter . Once , the cat knocked the cage off the counter . The spider got loose in their house . It took four days , but they finally found the spider .	I met someone who knew how to find tarantulas . He put a stick in a hole where it lived . He prodded it out with a stick . He let me hold it . The spider was not scary at all .
record player	PERSON found an old record player at the thrift store . She bought it and brought it home . Then she found an old record and put it on . She could n't believe how it sounded . Records were even better than CDs !	PERSON followed hipsters around . He went to their houses with them . He asked them about their record players . They told them what was good . He went and bought his own .	My girlfriend wanted a record player . She thought about stealing one once . Instead I went out and bought it for her . She was really happy and excited . Now she plays records all the time .
the invitation	PERSON was invited to a party . He told his friends he would go . The night of the party PERSON backed down . He stayed home instead . His friends knew he would do that .	PERSON had sent birthday party invitations to all of her friends . She had heard back from everybody except for her very best friend ! She was starting to feel as if her best friend did n't care . Meanwhile , her friend was sad for she had not received an invitation . When the lost mail finally arrived , the misunderstanding was resolved !	PERSON got an envelope in the mail . It was an invitation to a wedding . She was n't sure if she would be able to go . She put the RSVP on her kitchen table until she knew for sure . PERSON 's social calendar was too full !
cheap food	PERSON was hungry . She had a short lunch period . She decided to buy some cheap fast food . PERSON got it and at it quickly . It filled her up but not in a pleasant way .	PERSON needed to save money . So he went to a fast food restaurant for breakfast and lunch . But by night time , he was starting to feel sick . PERSON realized that he had to buy higher quality food . So he got a third job .	PERSON wanted to save money on food . So he decided to live off of oatmeal . One week , it was very hot however . But he was determined to save money . PERSON ended up having a heat stroke and had expensive hospital bills .
the marriage	PERSON became a single father of his daughter . He was convinced that he would remain single and raise her on his own . One day he met a wonderful girl that seemed to like him . PERSON fell in love with her and proposed to her . PERSON and his new wife became a family and his daughter was happy .	PERSON was a married to a woman he loved . When their son became 18 they were loose . They had to redefine their relationship . They considered divorce . PERSON and his wife ended up working things out .	PERSON wanted her grown son to get married . She placed an ad in the newspaper one day . Two young women came to the house , but her son refused to meet them . He told his mother to leave him alone . Six months later , he met a woman , and they got married .
new tattoo	PERSON wanted a tattoo . She wanted one very badly . She begged her parents . They said no . So she went and got one herself .	PERSON wanted to get a new tattoo . He did n't know want to get , though . He looked through some tattoo magazines . He found one that was perfect for him . He got the tattoo the next week .	PERSON wanted a new tattoo . She begged her parents for one but they said no . But she decided to get one anyway . When she got it though she regretted it . Her parents ended up being right .
new keyboard	Harry spilled water all over his keyboard . So he had to buy another one . He saw a waterproof one and decided to buy it . And when got home , he tested its waterproof ability . But it broke just like his old keyboard .	PERSON needed a new keyboard for his computer . The buttons would stick every time . He worked hard but could n't save up the money . PERSON felt bad for PERSON . PERSON was happy when PERSON bought him the new keyboard .	PERSON was used to using the virtual keyboard to type on her iPad . Yet she was finding it not usefully for writing essays . PERSON then proceeded to buy an actual Bluetooth keyboard . She looked through every store but could n't find the right one . Finally she found the perfect keyboard on LOCATION .
the lemonade stand	PERSON and PERSON wanted to earn some extra money one hot summer . They decided they would sell delicious homemade lemonade . They set up their lemonade stand at the end of their driveway . Soon , they had people stopping to taste their tasty lemonade . At the end of the day , they had enough money to buy some treats !	PERSON wanted to make money at a lemonade stand . He sold lemonade for five dollars a glass . He got no customers with that price . PERSON lowered the price to fifty cents a glass . After that he sold fifty glasses of lemonade .	PERSON 's kids wanted to sell lemonade to make some extra money . He helped them set up a stand out of some cardboard boxes . They made a sign on construction paper with magic markers . It was a hot day and business was good . All in all , the kids ended up making almost thirty dollars .
struggle	I carried my laptop to school although I forgot the charger . My laptop went on power saving mode since 10 % of the battery was left . I asked other students if they have a charger . They told me that their type of charger is not the same as mines . I closed my laptop and used my phone as an internet source .	A man wanted to make more money . He began studying the lives of rich people who he also respected . He learned a lot about these people . He put into practice , the tips and advice offered by these people . He improved his financial situation .	PERSON was a single mom . Her daughter had special needs . PERSON struggled doing things on her own . She met a man that really liked her . They got married and he helped with her daughter .
health insurance	PERSON decided not to get health insurance with his company . One year he was sick with the flu twice and broke an arm . PERSON had to pay a lot in doctors bills . It was time again to sign up for insurance . PERSON opted to get the insurance .	I got a new job . The job offered me a healthcare plan . They said outside insurance would be compensated by them . I get healthcare through my parents ' health insurance . At present I am basically being paid the compensation by my parents .	PERSON had a chronic illness . It made it so that no health insurance company would cover him . Eventually the affordable care act was passed . PERSON was now able to get insurance . His illness was finally properly treated .
hot tea	PERSON made hot tea . As she went to serve it , it spilled down her shirt . She did not realize how hot it was . PERSON burned her chest . She decided to be more careful next time .	I had some very delicious tea . I brewed it with eager anticipation . When it was done , I threw away the tea bag and took a big sip . The tea was way too hot ! I burned my mouth .	Candy loved drinking tea . Thankfully she got some new bags yesterday . The teas were delicious . Unfortunately she burned herself . Thankfully the pain went away soon .
album	PERSON has a new album . He needed to promote it . He went to the city to try to sell it . A large amount of people bought it . He made a lot of money .	Debra bought a new album . She listened to the album when she got home . The music reminded her of an old friend . She called the old friend . They made a date for coffee .	My friends and I made an album last night . We rapped over many different beats . We made 12 songs and put it on Soundcloud . I checked Soundcloud this morning . Many people commented that it was very good .
the doll	PERSON wanted to buy a new doll from the store . She saved her money for a long time . When she saved enough , she and her mother went to the store . PERSON chose a doll that looked just like her . PERSON was very happy with her new doll .	PERSON loved her new present . It was a doll . PERSON named her and brushed her hair . She carried her around with her all day . The doll was very special to PERSON .	PERSON got a new doll . She named it PERSON . She took it to school one day . PERSON lost her doll during recess . She cried for the rest of the day .
drinking	My husband is an alcoholic . This morning he woke up with a hangover . He said he would drink a few beers to come down from it . When they were gone , he wanted more . I tried to talk him out of it , to no avail .	PERSON had a drinking problem . He laid on his couch drinking all Saturday . His wife vacuumed around his feet . PERSON got angry and complained she was too loud . PERSON hit her , his wife called the cops and he went to jail .	PERSON thinks her husband has been drinking too much . He has been going golfing with his friends and comes home drunk . He goes out to the bars at least two nights a week . He also drinks while he is at home . PERSON confronts him and he gets very angry and defensive .
magic show	PERSON loved doing magic tricks . He used his sister PERSON as his assistant . One day he convinced PERSON to do a dangerous trick . PERSON was nervous but it was for the school wide talent show . PERSON did his trick and won the talent show with his sister .	PERSON had signed up to do his magic act at a local hotel . The night of the show , he practiced and practiced . At six thirty , it was finally time to start . He did every trick well , and the audience applauded . The show was an overwhelming success !	PERSON was infatuated with the concept of magic . PERSON saw a flyer for a upcoming magic show at his school . PERSON decided he would attend the magic show . PERSON decided he would wear his favorite magician hat to the show . PERSON was excited to see the tricks that would be performed at the show .
binge	On Netflix Andrew 's favorite show got new episodes . Andrew the next day got snacks . He was ready to binge watch the new season . He played the first episode and enjoyed it . He watched twenty-two episodes in one day .	PERSON lost ten pounds for a wedding . Then she decided to celebrate her success with ice cream . A few snacks turned into weeks of eating everything in sight . Soon PERSON had gained all the weight back ! She was very disappointed in herself .	I was at the mall . And I was disappointed at the last meal I ate . So I ordered a Thai salad wrap somewhere . It was completely massive and stuffed with ingredients . I regret eating all of it .
crayons	PERSON wanted to color in a coloring book . The problem was he had no crayons though . His mom took him to the store and they both chose a crayon set . When he arrived home he began to work on the coloring book . PERSON think his mom forgetting the crayons for him .	The little boy loved to color . However , he only used crayons with a tip . His mom bought him a crayon maker for Christmas . He mixed all his old colors together . He never ran out of perfect crayons again .	PERSON got a new box of crayons . He colored in all of his coloring books . Then he started coloring on the table , the walls and the furniture . PERSON got into big trouble with his parents . Now PERSON only colors in his high chair .
vegetable garden	PERSON wanted to start a vegetable garden . He bought all of the relevant equipment and seeds . He could not find space on his property for the garden . PERSON bought land and started a community garden instead . It became a feature of the city and was well-liked .	PERSON did n't like vegetables . Over the summer his mom had him grow a little garden . He tended to his plants every day . Finally he had carrots , beans and broccoli . He realized vegetables tasted better when you grew them yourself .	PERSON hated vegetables with a passion . Over the summer his mom had him grow a little garden . He tended to his plants every day . Finally there were vegetables ready . Beans , broccoli and carrots tasted better when you grew them !
ferris wheel	PERSON brought her boyfriend PERSON to a local fair . She went on the ferris wheel with him . While at the top , she got very sick . She threw up all over PERSON . PERSON decided to break up with her right then .	PERSON was out on a date . They went to the carnival . PERSON took her on the ferris wheel . PERSON tried to get his first kiss there . It worked wonderfully .	After Fran and PERSON finished their dinner , they walked for awhile . Passing by the Ferris Wheel , they got in line to ride . Their turn finally came . They gave the attendant their tickets and climbed in their car . It was such a fun ride .
stolen bag	PERSON went with her friends to the club . PERSON did not want to have fun with her bag on her shoulder . So she set it down . But unfortunately the bag was stolen . PERSON freaked out and asked everyone at the club to look for it .	PERSON went to the beach alone . She decided to take a nap under a palm tree . When she woke up , she found her bag had been stolen . The police vowed to find her bag for her . The next day , she got a call from the police saying it had been found .	PERSON was at the club one night . She realized her bag was missing . PERSON tried to look for it but it was nowhere to be found . Someone mentioned they saw someone else leave with it . PERSON never got the bag back .
trip to disney	PERSON was going on a trip to Disney . She was very excited . Yet when she got there she did not like it . She thought it was too childish . She decided to never go back .	PERSON was invited to go to Disney . She was excited . But when she got there she did n't like it . It was too childish . She did n't want to go back .	Last winter I went to Disney World . I was not impressed . When I was there , I got lost . I could n't find anything . I could n't wait to go home .
fleas	PERSON saw that his dog was scratching a lot . He took a close look at his dog 's coat and saw tiny bugs . He called the vet who prescribed the dog some medication . PERSON gave him the dog the medication . A few day later his dog stopped scratching .	PERSON 's dog was always scratching . PERSON believed her dog had seasonal allergies . One day a visiting friend pointed out a flea on the dog 's back . PERSON called the vet and got a prescription for a flea preventative . Within 24 hours of taking the pill , the dog had stopped scratching .	PERSON 's cat kept scratching itself . PERSON wondered if it had fleas . He took it to a veterinarian . It turned out PERSON 's worries were correct . Luckily getting rid of them was n't so hard .
awkward	I was driving into the McDonald 's beside school . I saw my friend walking with a guy . I was slightly jealous . I drove back to the dorms . I wonder if she saw me .	PERSON arrived on campus for her first class . As she was walking , she noticed a kid walking near her . He was staring at her . After a few seconds , he continued to stare at her . She became scared and ran away .	PERSON was late to class on the first day of 9th grade . She walked in as the faces of strangers stared at her . She put on a brave face , and picked up the pace . She found an empty desk and sat down . Thankfully it was in the rear of the class where no one could stare .
anniversary dinner	My wife and I went to PERSON 's for our anniversary . The waitress was both nice and attentive . My wife 's order was under-cooked . The waitress was quick to have it corrected . We left a big tip .	It was PERSON and his wife 's anniversary weekend . He was going to take her on a beach getaway . On the way to the beach his engine seized up . When they were dealing with a mechanic somebody stole his bad . Even after the most expensive anniversary ever he was still the happy .	PERSON and her boyfriend went on an anniversary dinner last night . They had a lot of fun going there . After a dinner at a nice restaurant they went for ice cream . PERSON enjoyed the night thoroughly . After ice cream they relaxed in the park .
PERSON goes to college	PERSON never thought that she would attend college . None of her friends or family members studied past high school . However , he social studies teacher encourages her to apply to college . Finally she is accepted at the local state university . PERSON is proud that she will be attending college next fall .	PERSON finishes his last day of high school . He heads home to spend the summer with his little brother . They have a great summer together . After summer ends PERSON says his goodbyes . He leaves for college .	PERSON waved to her mother goodbye . PERSON was leaving for college . She drove 4 hours to get to campus . She unpacked her things into her dorm . Afterwards she met her new roommate PERSON .
making tea	PERSON 's grandmother came to visit her . Her grandmother liked tea . PERSON made muffins and brewed some tea . Her grandmother came , and they sat down for tea . It was an enjoyable visit .	PERSON 's grandmother wanted some tea . PERSON went to the kitchen and got a mug . She filled it with hot water . Then , she put a tea bag in the water . A few minutes later , it was ready for her grandmother .	PERSON needed some afternoon caffeine . He decide to make a pot of tea . PERSON picked the earl grey variety of tea . He heated up the water on the stove . With the water he poured himself a cup of tea .
sad	PERSON was a sad boy . He had nobody to play with . One day , his cousin came over . The two played for hours . PERSON was no longer sad .	Our friend PERSON had a baby , PERSON , in 2002 . In 2004 PERSON needed an operation . We visited him with his family in the hospital , and he was smiling . When everyone left , PERSON started crying . He had thought he was going home .	PERSON is a famous rapper . He decided to have a party for his fans . All everyone wanted was pictures of him . They then left the party . PERSON was upset .
PERSON 's temper	PERSON was a very angry teenager . One day PERSON and his friends went to a local coffee shop . PERSON got into a fight with the waitress at the coffee shop . He yelled at her and her dad turned out to be the owner . He was blacklisted from the shop forever , hopefully that 'll teach him .	PERSON used to be a professional football coach . He loved the job but got fired after fighting a referee . He did n't agree with a call and started yelling . He advanced on the referee and threw a punch . Now PERSON is sitting in a jail cell for the night .	PERSON was an opinionated child . He had a disagreement with his second grade teacher . PERSON was so angry he punched the teacher . His mother came to the school and defended him . At age 50 , PERSON still ca n't control his temper .
painting	I stroked the paintbrush across the canvas . Red and blue paint swirled together . I was creating a masterpiece . I finished the painting quickly . When I looked at my creation I was proud .	PERSON signed up for a painting class in town . She was nervous that she would n't be as good as everyone else . She gathered her supplies and listened to the instructor . PERSON was able to follow the instructions and paint her canvas . Her painting was one of the best in class !	The man painted the bride . The bride was curious how it looked . She asked her husband to look . He thought the painting was beautiful . He gave the artist a large tip .
never too late	PERSON was 62 and had never been married before . She had accepted the fact that she would never have a partner . She met PERSON at Bingo , he was 65 and also single . They hit it off and were soon inseparable . A year later they got married and are very happy .	PERSON has always wanted to have a child . She thought she was told old to conceive . PERSON talked to her doctor . He gave her confidence she could still have a baby . Last week PERSON found out she was pregnant .	PERSON had always wanted to know how to ice skate . At age thirty he was afraid he would not be able to learn . He hired a private coach to teach him . PERSON worked hard at each session and really started to feel comfortable . His coach was impressed by how well he had learned to skate .
soccer match	PERSON had an important soccer match . He would be starting for his team . When he got to the field he was feeling energetic . He scored an early goal for his team . He won the game with a last minute goal .	PERSON was running with the soccer ball . She was moving fast since she had a few seconds to store . Drew tried to steal the ball but he ended up slipping on the grass . She had an open room to kick the ball and kicked it . The goalie missed the catch and the ball ended up in the goal .	PERSON had a soccer match . His team consisted of his friends . The opponent was from another school . After a hard game , PERSON 's team lost . However , they were happy they had fun .
the wolf	The teenagers were out hiking on a trail . It was calm and peaceful . Suddenly , they spotted a wolf up in front of them . He was huge and menacing . They yelled at him and he ran away .	PERSON owns a farm . One day , he noticed all of his cows were making noise . PERSON ran outside and saw a wolf circling the cow pen ! PERSON yelled and ran towards the wolf until it fled . PERSON was very thankful his cows were unharmed .	The man was hiking alone in the woods . He saw a wolf standing in the distance . He was very afraid . He yelled at the wolf to go away . The animal crept back into the shadows .
the big sale	PERSON was an artist in Cerritos College . At the annual art sale , his drawing had a million dollar price tag . But he would have accepted any offering . A man in a suit liked the drawing and took it to the register . Next , the man wrote a check for one million dollars to PERSON PERSON .	There was a crowd outside the clothing store that day . Everything was on sale . As soon as opening time came the doors started to open . The large crowd burst forward and into the store . They devoured nearly everything and destroyed anything in their path .	PERSON worked at a chain restaurant . They were having a nationwide sale on one of their chicken dishes . The sale worked well and the dish sold a lot of orders . The restaurant began to run out of ingredients for the dish . The distributing center had to send more supplies to PERSON 's restaurant .
PERSON 's collection	Michael likes to collect rare coins . One day PERSON was walking down the street and spotted a coin . He picked it up and rushed home to inspect it . It turned out to be a very rare coin that he did n't have . His collection was becoming very big and he was proud of it .	PERSON decided to collect insects . He got a butterfly net and some jars . He spent the whole day collecting insects outside . He filled all his jars with different insects . PERSON decided that he enjoyed his new hobby .	PERSON loves to collect bugs . His favorite is the lady bug . He tries to collect at least one every day . Today , he could not find one . PERSON is sad that he did n't collect a lady bug today .
icy roads	I was driving home last week during the snowstorm . It had just started so I thought I was safe . All of a sudden I lost control of the car . I had hit a patch of black ice . I was able to get control but learned a valuable lesson .	A few years ago , we had had a particularly bad winter . I awoke one morning to a temperature around 7 degrees Fahrenheit . I was worried that there would be ice on the roads so I drove a truck . As soon as I pulled out of my driveway I hit a patch of black ice . I decided that i should n't drive that day .	Faith decided to drive to her family home in LOCATION for Christmas . She should 've checked the weather reports for her route . She ran into a winter storm 50 miles from home . The storm made the roads icy and worried Faith . She decided to pull into a hotel for the night and let the storm pass .
tofu	PERSON liked tofu a lot . He ate it everyday for weeks on end . But one day he ate one slice too many . He threw up all over his desk . He does n't eat tofu anymore .	My doctor told me I needed to start to eat healthy . I decided to cook with tofu to help with that . I looked online for some recipes that used tofu . Anytime I cooked I replaced the meat with tofu . The next time I saw my doctor he said my tests look healthier .	I was traveling in LOCATION . My friends told me to try tofu . It looked disgusting so I refused . One day , I accidentally ordered a dish with tofu inside it . I ate it and it was actually tasty !
the grass	PERSON 's yard was a mess . She needed more grass . She planted a bunch of grass seed and watered it every day . Soon , he had beautiful grass . PERSON loved looking out her window now !	I looked out my window and saw that my grass was getting tall . I decided that the grass needed to be mowed . I went outside and got the lawn mower from the shed . I worked for an hour cutting the grass . I sat on the porch and was proud of how good the grass looked .	I had never mowed grass before a day in my life . I walked outside , worried if I could manage it . I tried starting the mower , and began to push it around the yard . It turned out to be a lot easier than I thought it would be . The only issue I encountered was simply that it was very hot that day .
missing cat	Yesterday I lost my cat PERSON . He was the cutest cat in the world . He loved to snuggle and purr all the time . I look for him every day in my neighborhood . I was looking for him today and I found him sleeping in a bush .	The PERSON family could n't find their cat anywhere . They did n't think she could have gotten outside . They searched and searched , calling for her . The youngest son sat crying in front of the Christmas tree . The he noticed her sleeping high up in the tree !	I could not find my cat . I looked all over my house for him . When I could n't find him , I started crying . As I cried , something rubbed against my leg . It was my cat !
traffic	I was supposed to sing at a concert . I left early so I would n't be late . The traffic was terrible ! I had to go way out of my way to get to the church . I made it by the skin of my teeth !	PERSON was stuck in traffic . There appeared to be an accident on the freeway . She groaned and decided to turn on the radio . Her favorite song was playing . Without hesitation she turned the volume on full blast .	PERSON tapped his steering wheel impatiently . He changed lanes , only to find himself moving slower . Outside his window , he saw a pedestrian walking past him . PERSON honked his car impatiently . The traffic barely inched forward .
swimming pool	PERSON went for a swim in his indoor swimming pool . He told the maid to get him a mimosa . The maid said he was too young to drink . PERSON grabbed the bottle and threw it at the wall . He screamed that his father was going to fire her .	PERSON sat in the hot sun in his yard . He decided he wanted to go swimming but did n't have a pool . PERSON went to the store and bought a pool . PERSON went home and set up the pool . PERSON PERSON was relaxing in his own pool .	PERSON likes going swimming . She looks forward to swimming in the family pool tomorrow . Her father forgot to put the pool cover on today . It was storming all night . Luckily the pool was fine and the family enjoyed swimming all day .
no trust	PERSON asked PERSON for the answers . He promised PERSON that he would n't share it . However , PERSON 's friends copied his work . The teacher realized that many people had the same homework answers . She failed everyone , including PERSON .	PERSON did n't trust her boyfriend . He was running late from work one day . She called him on his cell phone . Her boyfriend did n't answer right away . PERSON got upset at her boyfriend .	PERSON took a sip of the fruit punched . He was really happy since it tasted good . He asked his family about the person who made it . His mom said that PERSON made it . He immediately spit the water out .
gingerbread house	PERSON was working on building a gingerbread house . He 's always admired them as a child . He , however , has never built one . After an hour and a half , PERSON gave up . He would rather just eat the pieces .	PERSON 's grandma showed him her gingerbread creation . PERSON was wide-eyed and wanted to taste it . PERSON 's grandma said the gingerbread house was just for looks . That night , PERSON snuck a piece of the gingerbread house . He spit it out , discovering it was assembled with real glue .	I tried to make a gingerbread house with my kids . We got all the materials ready . Everything was made from scratch . Unfortunately none of the pieces would stay together . We had fun eating it instead .
dancer	PERSON was a ballerina and loved dancing . Then one day she stumbled and hurt her foot . She was terrified she would never dance again . But her doctor bandaged it well and reassured her . Sure enough , after two months her foot was as good as new !	Rose wanted to learn to dance ballet . But she was so clumsy and had two left feet ! Then a friend suggested she try yoga to limber up . The stretches and poses soon had Rose graceful and strong . The yoga helped her excel in her ballet classes !	PERSON was auditioning for a spot at dance school . She was so nervous ! She stumbled in her dance . She thought for sure they would not take her . But then they informed her she had passed the test !
bomb	PERSON featured in her first movie last summer . She was really proud . So when the movie bombed hard , she did n't know where to hide . Everyone she knew was going to see it . But to her relief , everyone complimented her anyway as they loved her .	The vehicle drove over a car bomb . The bomb exploded . The vehicle flipped over . A man got trapped in the vehicle . It took a team to extract him .	The man called in an air strike . He got the coordinates wrong . The planes dropped bombs on the wrong place . The man fixed the coordinated . The plane dropped the bomb on the right place .
bad babysitter	I was at a party . A friend asked me to watch her two year old child for a minute . As soon as she left , her kid put her hand on a burning candle . She screamed as hot wax stuck to her hand . The mother rushed back , yelling at me .	PERSON was asked by her mother to babysit her younger sister . PERSON ignored her sister and spent her time in her room . Her sister went into the kitchen and tried to cook . PERSON found her sister had cut her finger with a sharp knife . PERSON was grounded for not watching her sister .	PERSON hired PERSON . She was supposed to watch her kids . But when PERSON got back she noticed something . The kids ate too much candy . So she fired PERSON .
bad haircut	PERSON tried a new hair style . He really liked it . Unfortunately nobody else did . Everyone made fun of him . Eventually PERSON caved and changed his cut .	PERSON went to get a haircut . Unfortunately it was a terrible one . The hairstylist took too much off . PERSON was horrified . She never went back to her .	PERSON 's barber was trimming his hairline with an electric shaver . All of a sudden he sneezed . The razor cut a stripe through PERSON 's hair ! The only thing he could do was shave the rest down as low . It was the worse haircut PERSON ever had .
PERSON 's new baby	PERSON was nine months pregnant . She woke up suddenly in the middle of the night . Her labor pains had started . Her husband rushed her to the hospital . She gave birth to a healthy baby girl .	PERSON and his wife were having fertility issues . PERSON and his wife decided to adopt a baby . PERSON and his wife adopted a little girl from LOCATION . PERSON and his wife were named her PERSON , after his mom . PERSON and his wife were so excited to finally be parents .	PERSON was 9 months pregnant . PERSON was ready to have her baby . PERSON arrived at the hospital to have her baby . With her husband by her side she had a healthy baby boy . She and her husband took her new baby home .
chance	PERSON was feeling lucky . She decided to buy some lottery tickets . She waited for the announcement . The winner was announced . She did n't win the contest .	PERSON wanted to be a male model . A talent agent came to his town and arranged a contest . PERSON was nervous , but he entered the competition . He did his very best ! Even though he did n't win , PERSON was glad he had tried .	PERSON and PERSON were driving home from a far away amusement park . PERSON asked PERSON if she wanted to stop and get something to eat . The innocent question swirled around in PERSON 's overly careful mind . PERSON hesitantly decided that they should stay on the freeway . Later , they rear-ended a slow driver who wrongly cut into their lane .
a date	He ca n't make the same mistakes as before . He had been on other dates and always something went wrong . He was waiting for her to answer the door . He told himself that this date had to go well . She still had n't answered the door and he began to get scared !	Cali had not been on a date in a very long time . She had met a guy who asked her out but she was nervous to go . She was n't sure if she was ready but made herself do it anyway . The guy picked her up and was nice and thoughtful . She had a good time on the date and was glad she went .	PERSON had dinner with one of her coworkers . The two ate at a restaurant close to the job . The coworker had a crush on PERSON and paid for the meal . Afterwards , the two went to a movie and had drinks . PERSON felt good because the outing had turned into an actual date .
appendicitis	PERSON had to go in for surgery last week . He had appendicitis . It started when he felt a sudden pain in his appendix . Ultimately , he had to have his appendix removed . But now , at least , he does n't have to worry about it .	PERSON did n't feel well after work . He had very bad pain in his abdomen . PERSON went to the emergency room . It was discovered that PERSON has appendicitis . Surgeons removed PERSON 's appendix .	My friend PERSON took her daughter on a cruise . They were 50 miles offshore when her daughter got sick . She had appendicitis . She had to be airlifted to a hospital . The event was covered by the tv news .
time to go	There was a big storm headed towards the LOCATION LOCATION . PERSON thought he might have to evacuate . He has scared of hurricanes . It did not seem smart to ride the storm out . PERSON decided to go visit friends that lived in the midwest .	PERSON was concerned about her elderly mom living alone . She had talked to some friends about retirement homes . She decided to bring up the idea with her mom . Her mom liked the idea of living with people her own age . PERSON 's mom gladly moved into the retirement home .	PERSON was playing at PERSON 's house . His mother said it was time to go . He did not want to go . He locked himself in a nearby closet . Eventually , he realized he had to go and be with his mom .
sweater weather	The weather began to get chilly . This was so exciting to PERSON . He went to the market to get some coffee and candles . This time of the year was his favorite . PERSON is ready for the cozy weather .	PERSON stepped outside to get the newspaper off the front porch . He felt chilly as the wind blew around him . PERSON went to his bedroom closet . He found a sweater . PERSON put the sweater on over his shirt .	PERSON loves wearing sweaters . He wears sweaters as soon as it gets cold outside . He misread the weather forecast today . He thought it was going to be much colder . He was sweating in his sweater throughout the entire day .
the road trip	Jan and her best friend , PERSON , wanted to take a road trip . They decided to drive to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION , since they 'd never been there . Jan was all ready to go when her car would n't start . She really wanted to travel with PERSON and did n't know what to do . PERSON suggested a bus instead , and they loved their careless road trip .	PERSON and her friends were about to go to different colleges . So , they decided to do one last thing together before they separated . PERSON suggested they road trip across the LOCATION LOCATION . Her friends agreed and they left a week later . On the trip , they had a great time and created amazing memories .	I decided to go on a road trip to LOCATION to LOCATION LOCATION . My friend showed interest , so I invited him to go with me . When the day finally arrived , I drove to go pick up my friend . Happy and waiting with his luggage , he jumped inside and off we went . Two friends with nothing but the road ahead and smiles to be shared .
PERSON 's night out	PERSON was recently divorced . Her friends begged her to get out of the house . PERSON agreed to see a movie with her friends . She had a great time at the movies . PERSON eventually begin going out more with her friends .	PERSON wanted to go out for her birthday . She went out with her friends to the club . She dance the night away . After dancing she went with her friends to eat . She had a great time out .	PERSON is a single widow . Things have n't been the same since her husband passed . Her friends decide to get her out of the house . They take her out to dance . PERSON really enjoys her time out on the dance floor .
crickets	A cricket wandered into PERSON 's house one day . The cricket chirped and chirped until PERSON could take no more . PERSON searched for the cricket for hours while it kept on chirping . Finally , PERSON found the cricket in the closet . She fed the cricket to her pet tarantula and her house is quiet again .	PERSON heard a funny joke on the radio . He thought it was so funny that he wanted to tell it to his friends . The next day he repeated the joke from memory . None of his friends laughed at PERSON 's joke . They told PERSON that they heard the joke already .	PERSON walked onto his front porch . He came across a bush filled with crickets . They were hopping all over the place . He tried to touch one . However , a flock of the crickets ran towards him .
getting old	My 99 year old friend PERSON was on the bench . His daughter came to take him to lunch . He stood up , but then sat down quickly . His daughter was mortified , but he got up again . I am starting to wonder if PERSON will be ok .	PERSON was freaking out about her birthday . She felt bad about getting older . Her friends assured her it was okay . They threw her a small surprise party . PERSON wound up having fun with her friends .	PERSON liked to sleep in her parents bed . She had been doing it since she was born . Her mom told her it was time to sleep in her own bed . They both decorated PERSON 's room with stuffed animals . Now PERSON sleeps in her own bed by herself .
the concert	PERSON was going to her first concert . Her favorite band was in town ! She met all her friends and went in excitedly . They danced and sang all night . It was a great time !	PERSON 's favorite singer of all time is PERSON PERSON . One day , her wife surprised her with tickets to a Celine concert . The night before the concert , she was so excited , she could n't sleep . They had great seats and were on their feet much of the concert . PERSON had the time of her life and ca n't wait to see her again !	Harry had a favorite band . He bought a ticket to their show . He went downtown to see them play . Harry loved to see them rock ! Harry bought a t-shirt to show his support .
jewish	My friend was Jewish . He did n't celebrate Christmas . I invited him to my Christmas party regardless . He said that he loved Christmas so he would come to the party . I was surprised at his religious tolerance !	PERSON had started dating PERSON , a Jewish college classmate . He invited her home for Hanukkah . PERSON , a Christian , worried that she 'd be unwelcome . But PERSON 's family was so kind to her . She ended up learning a lot about tolerance , and Judaism .	PERSON went to her boyfriend 's house for Easter . His mom cooked up a huge ham . PERSON 's religious beliefs prevented her from eating it . She thought things would be very awkward . Her boyfriend mom knew ahead of time and had also made kosher food .
starry night	One night the kids wanted to sleep on the back porch . We laid our sleeping bags and pillows . We spent hours looking up at the stars . PERSON was so excited to see a shooting star . The night was calm and quiet .	PERSON was spending the weekend at her aunt 's house in the country . She went outside after dark to get some fresh air . When she looked up she could n't believe how bright the stars were . In the city they were n't as noticeable because of all the lights . But out here they were everywhere and very beautiful .	PERSON had never been outside the city at night . She was spending her first night at summer camp . She looked into the sky . She could n't believe how many stars there were . In the city the lights were too bright so see the stars clearly .
out of business	Although he worked there six months , this was a new job for PERSON . Finally he made good money and had a prestigious title . But one day he showed up to work and the business was closed . His boss came outside and handed him his paychecks . But the paychecks bounced .	The store was going out of business . They had a going out of business sale . They made a lot of money in that sale . They thought about a new business model . They started a similar store that competed on price .	PERSON had a baking business . She was not getting customers anymore . So she decided to close shop . She had to fire everyone . It was not easy for her .
dollar store	PERSON loved getting a bargain . Therefore , PERSON was excited to see a new dollar store opening . PERSON visited the store , and found so much items for sale there . PERSON purchased several items that he knew he needed . PERSON could not wait to return to the dollar store again .	Chase was on a tight budget . He needed some things for his home . He did n't know how to pay for them . His sister told him to try the dollar store . They had everything he needed !	PERSON was short on money but needed groceries . She went to a dollar store to find some inexpensive food . She found many canned goods to buy . PERSON checked out and was happy with the food she purchased . PERSON made a nice dinner and still had money for bills .
PERSON fails the test	PERSON is taking his driver 's test . PERSON starts off driving nicely . Then he gets nervous . He loses control of the car and crashes . PERSON failed the test .	PERSON is taking his driver 's licenses test . PERSON gets out on the road with the tester . While driving PERSON fails to stop at a stop sign . When they get back he is told he failed . PERSON fails the test and says he will try harder next time .	PERSON had a huge exam next week . He knew he had to study as this would affect his final grade . PERSON was so anxious all he did was study day and night . The day of the test came and PERSON was ready . He overthought it and failed the test .
the bullies	PERSON was targeted by a lot of insults and cruelty . Her friends saw the bullies yelling at her . They formed a circle around her . They shouted back at the bullies . PERSON felt loved and protected .	Ally was constantly getting bullied by girls in her class . It was starting to get so bad that she would not want to go to school . Her mom noticed this and called the school to complain . The school said there was not much that they could do . So Ally decided to get the courage to stand up to the bullies herself .	Lisa really wanted to impress a group of popular girls at school . One day , the girls were teasing a new girl who had joined their class . They tried to get PERSON to tease the new girl , too . PERSON , realizing how mean the popular girls were , refused . Instead , she became best friends with the new girl !
the garage sale	PERSON and her mom were planning to go to a garage sale . It was raining the morning of the sale . PERSON and her mom went to an indoor flea market instead . The garage sale was rescheduled for a later date . PERSON and her mom went to the garage sale when it was held .	PERSON had too much stuff in his house . He planned to have a garage sale . He put out all the items he did n't need outside . He created a listing for his garage sale on craigslist . At the end of the day he made $ 500 in sales .	PERSON had a lot of things she never used . Her kids convinced her to put up a garage sale . PERSON reluctantly agreed . A lot of things were sold and she made good money . PERSON also had more space available .
earache	PERSON woke up with pain in her right ear . She went to the doctor . The doctor looked in her ears with an otoscope . The doctor informed PERSON she had an ear infection . The doctor wrote PERSON a prescription for antibiotics .	The man woke up with an earache . He took medicine , but decided to go to the doctor . The man called the office to make an appointment . The man went into his appointment with the doctor . The doctor treated the man and gave him a prescription .	PERSON had a terrible earache and fever . He went to his doctor to have it looked at . The doctor said he had a bad infection . PERSON was given an antibiotic injection and a prescription . After taking the medication for two weeks , PERSON 's infection cleared up .
rent	My rent was due . I did n't have enough money to afford it . The landlord demanded his rent money . I cursed at him and told him to go away . Naturally , this angered him so he evicted me .	PERSON had to come up with extra money to pay rent He asked his manager if he could work extra shifts He worked hard during his extra shifts PERSON was excited to get his paycheck PERSON paid his rent and had extra money left over	PERSON and PERSON did not pay their rent . Their landlord became annoyed . He kicked them out right when a blizzard was coming . PERSON and PERSON wandered the streets freezing . They finally were relieved to find a hotel to stay in for the night .
smell	PERSON 's house smelled terribly . She took out the trash , but the smell persisted . She hauled the rubbish bin outside and scrubbed it . Then she rinsed it out with strong bleach . When PERSON brought it in , the smell was finally gone !	PERSON played basketball for his school . He always wore the same socks for every game . He never washed those socks . One day his mom complained of a terrible smell . It was PERSON ' lucky socks .	PERSON loved his girlfriend . One day she commented how he smelled bad . A week later she said the same thing . PERSON decided to take two showers per day . His girlfriend never complained about his smell again .
the blood drive	One day there was a blood drive at my work . I was terrified of needles , but I really wanted to donate . The woman who drew my blood was patient and gentle . She held my hand and rubbed my shoulders to keep me calm . Now , I donate every time my work sponsors a blood drive .	PERSON was incredibly afraid of needles . Despite this , she volunteered to donate blood at the local drive . The nurse prepped her arm and told her to relax . The second the needle went in , PERSON fainted and hit the floor . Since then , she has chosen to donate money instead .	PERSON was organizing a blood drive . They wanted to collect blood from a hundred people . The students all came out of class to donate . They beat their goal by 50 percent ! They set their sights on an even better showing next year .
the snake	PERSON went to his garden . He saw a snake near his veggies . PERSON got scared and ran inside his house . PERSON called some people too pick up the snake . They picked up the snake .	PERSON was afraid of snakes . When he got home from school , he saw a snake in the yard . He started shaking and crying . His father got home and got rid of the snake . It took a while for PERSON to calm down .	PERSON saw a snake out in the wood pile . PERSON caught the snake and put it in a box . He brought the snake inside the house . The snake got out of the box . PERSON found the snake in the closet two days later .
easter	Yesterday was Easter . On Easter PERSON went to his friends house . PERSON 's friend threw a party . The party consisted of champagne and chocolate bunnies . PERSON loved the party .	Every year PERSON would go to her grandparents for Easter . This year they were going to have a special egg hunt . Many of the eggs would have money and prizes . PERSON brought her basket . She found the most eggs out of everybody there .	PERSON and his family made plans for Easter . His mom got very upset . She had wanted to make plans with him . He invited her along . She decided to spend the holiday alone .
the illness	PERSON was looking forward to going to PERSON 's birthday party . But then PERSON became extremely ill ! Her mother told her she must not go to the party . PERSON was very sad to miss the special party . Her spirits were lifted when PERSON later dropped off a bag of treats .	PERSON woke up one morning and very ill . He thought it might be food poisoning from the sushi yesterday . He ran to the bathroom for a thermometer and realized how weak he is . Taking his temperature , and it was over 103 degrees . He decided he must go to the hospital and called an ambulance .	PERSON and PERSON went to a chinese food restaurant for lunch . The food was delicious , but soon they started feeling sick . After a few hours , they realized they had food poisoning . They felt horrible all night , but in the morning they felt better . PERSON and PERSON decided not to go back to that restaurant again .
thankful	Fred got in a car accident and thought it was his fault . After talking to the other driver he realized it was n't his fault . He was so relieved that he was n't at fault that he smiled . The other driver asked him why he was smiling . PERSON told him not to worry about the damage at all .	PERSON 's family was not wealthy . PERSON often could not get things she wanted , like new shoes . But then her class studied poverty in LOCATION . PERSON was struck by how lucky she was by comparison . She vowed never to whine about her lot in life again !	PERSON works in an office . She wants a raise . Her boss says she will not be getting a raise . Instead PERSON 's boss bought her a donut . This took PERSON 's mind off of her salary problem .
bathroom	PERSON spent a lot of money decorating her bathroom . One day , she decided she would redecorate it . She spent a lot of money and time . After many months , it was finally done . PERSON had the best bathroom in the district .	I decided to remodel my bathroom this week . I demolished all of the tile very quickly . I am new to installing tile so the remodel is taking some time . I am regretting doing this on my own . I decided to call in a professional to finish the project .	The PERSON 's bathroom was in terrible shape . They put off fixing it for a long time . They could not even use it . They finally finished it . His wife is so happy to have two bathrooms again !
passing notes	Two students were passing notes in class . The young teacher noticed it happening . The students still seemed to be paying attention . The young teacher decided to simply ignore it . The young teacher was generally well-liked by his students .	I like passing notes in class . I try to make friends with people that sit nearby . Some people just ignore my notes . I stop writing notes for those people . The people that write back to me often become good friends of mine .	PERSON was passing a note in class . Her teacher saw her passing the note . PERSON had to bring the note up to the teacher 's desk . PERSON had to stay in for recess . She never passed a note in class again .
crazy	I was walking to the market . But I had to pass through a scary freeway underpass . As I approached it , a homeless man started yelling . I became scared and turned around . And I was upset that I never got to go to the market .	A woman was walking outside of a mall . There was some music playing on a loudspeaker . She began dancing . People began looking at her . People looked at her like she was crazy .	PERSON thought he was going crazy . He heard noises outside his window . He ran and told his mom . She went to hear what the noise was . It turns out it was just crickets .
storm	PERSON had lived in the same village her entire life . One day , suddenly , an unexpected storm rolled through the village . This caused mass flooding and evacuations . After a few days , PERSON was allowed back into her home . Unfortunately , she found her house was a complete loss .	Last October , there was a bad snowstorm and the power went out . I lost power for 6 days , including my electric-start heat . I had 4 tropical fish tanks , so I kept water boiling on the stove . Each 15 minutes , I 'd add warm water and aerate the tank with a cup . It was 6 days of a strenuous nightmare-but all my fish lived !	My dog is terrified of thunder . There was a storm today . He came running into my office . He hid in the kneehole of my desk , trembling . Once the storm was over , he acted like a brave dog again .
speaker	My cloudbook has tinny speakers . My son had gotten me a high quality computer speaker . I tried to plug it in but the jack would not fit . I downloaded the computer manual to find an adapter . I found out I was putting the jack into the wrong hole !	Two months ago I wanted to be a motivational speaker . I signed up for online classes with Les Brown Inc. . I ordered the materials for the training . I made my final presentation yesterday . I passed the test and now I am a certified motivational speaker .	PERSON was very smart but very shy . Her principal asked her if she 'd speak at graduation . PERSON was thrilled at the chance to be valedictorian , but so nervous . She practiced her speech dozens of times and fretted for weeks . But on graduation day , she spoke so well , she got a standing ovation !
community service	PERSON had a traffic ticket . He was allowed to do community service . He went to his church . He cleaned the floors and the bathrooms . He was glad to have it out of the way .	PERSON was convicted of a minor crime . The judge sentenced her to community service . PERSON had to work at a soup kitchen for ten hours every week . She learned a lot from speaking to the kitchen 's needy patrons . In the end , And felt glad that she 'd been forced to work there .	PERSON needed to do community service for his class . He asked around the library for assistance . They gave him a job to meet the service requirement . PERSON did his job for two weeks . They gave him a letter showing he did the service .
dancing PERSON	PERSON secretly liked to dance . He especially liked dancing to kpop music . One day , his mom caught him dancing in his room . And PERSON felt ashamed . Later on , he deleted all of his k-pop music and sold his speakers .	PERSON loved to dance . There was a dance contest that was coming up soon . PERSON did n't have much confidence in himself . It took everything he had to dance with all of his self doubt . Everyone loved his dancing and he won the contest .	There was was a man named PERSON . He loved to dance all day long . He taught dance across the east . They loved him in the west . It was all dedication that made his rhythm strong .
proposal	PERSON brought his girlfriend to the park . He laid out a picnic blanket . Together they shared a nice meal together . Then PERSON proposed to her . She screamed and said yes .	PERSON knew that PERSON was the perfect woman for him . He went to the jewelry store and purchased a diamond ring . On their next date , he got down on one knee and proposed . Gloria immediately said yes , knowing that PERSON was also her soulmate . The two were married just weeks later !	PERSON and PERSON have been dating for 2 years . They really love each other . PERSON decides he wants to marry PERSON . He buys a diamond engagement ring . PERSON answered yes when PERSON asked her to marry him .
phone charger	PERSON used his phone often . He was constantly charging it . PERSON realized he was not using the correct charger . His phone would charge slower than it should . PERSON bought the correct charger and solved the problem .	I lost my phone charger . I looked all over the house for it . When I could n't find it , I asked my brother for help . He found it right away ! I was embarrassed , but relieved .	PERSON lost her phone charger . She could n't find it anywhere . She looked throughout her house and her car . Finally , she found the cat behind the couch with the charger . She had dragged it there by the cord !
pageant	I entered my first beauty pageant . I was nervous when I went on stage . When the top ten was called , I heard my name . I was shocked . I was even more surprised when I won .	PERSON joined the pageant in her school . During the pageant she noticed that she forgot her shoes for gown . One of her co-contestant knew about it . And she lend her extra shoes to PERSON . Her co-contestant won and she deserves it .	Little PERSON was a three year old beauty queen . She was very good at walking and smiling for the judges . This week it was different , she would have to sing . The day of the show PERSON looked beautiful . Too bad butterflies in her tummy flew away with the words to the song .
the cheat	PERSON was playing Monopoly with friends . He did n't want to lose . He kept taking money when nobody was looking . Eventually someone noticed . PERSON was kicked out of the game .	PERSON knew he was n't going to do well . He had studied hours for his math exam and still did n't understand . In an act of desperation , he put all the answers into his calculator . He was nervous while taking the test but was very sneaky . He ended up passing the test with a perfect score .	PERSON played Monopoly with his friends . He offered to be the banker for the game . While distributing money , he hid some under the board . During the game , PERSON snuck the money into his hand . Because of his deceit he won the game .
water skiing	We took the boat out on the lake . PERSON wanted to ski . He grabbed the rope from the back of the boat . He threw it into the water . Then he changed his mind about skiing .	I had to learn how to water ski . I first got up on two skis . At first the turns were hard . Then I had to learn how to deal with boat wakes . It 's tempting to keep holding the rope .	Angelina had never been water skiing before . It was her first time and she was very nervous . She got setup behind the boat . The boat took off and for a brief second she was skiing ! She fell face first into the water , but kept trying until she got it .
PERSON 's passion	PERSON had a passion . His passion was for computers . PERSON just loved the computer and its way . He later taught all his friends the wonder of computers . Nowadays , PERSON 's computer company makes money every day .	PERSON hated her job as a manager at a shoe store . Her main passion was snowboarding , which she did on her days off . She quit her job at the shoe store . She found a job at a snowboarding supply store in LOCATION . She 's happy because she gets to spread her passion to others .	PERSON has loved to cook food since he was a young boy . He went to college for business , but he always wanted a restaurant . Last year PERSON bought a building and opened his first restaurant . It 's called Fit Eats and it serves really tasty , healthy food . PERSON ca n't keep up with orders sometimes he 's so busy .
PERSON plays fiddle	PERSON had always wanted to learn how to play the fiddle . People told him that he would never learn . However , one day , PERSON decided to try . He practiced very hard that day . PERSON was happy to be learning to play fiddle .	PERSON had always loved the way that the fiddle sounded . He decided to become a fiddle player . PERSON practiced very hard until he became terrific at fiddle . His friends and family were all very impressed . PERSON was happy that he had become a fiddle player .	PERSON wanted to entertain his friends . He decided to play them a song using his fiddle . They loved his song . They asked him to play one more . PERSON was glad he had entertained his friends .
economics	I was taking my economics exam . I turned the exam booklet to the final question . It was an essay question that I was unprepared for . I decided to skip the question . Naturally , I failed the exam .	Adam chose to give his class a lecture about economics . While preparing for class , he realized he 'd left his notes at home . Unsure about what to do , he pondered giving the lecture without notes . After much deliberation , he decided to go back home and retrieve them . With his notes , he was able to give a smooth lecture later that day .	PERSON had a hard semester . She took an economics class that was really difficult . She studied every night but still only got a PERSON PERSON decided to switch her major . She looked for something that did n't require any economics classes .
driving test	PERSON had been learning to drive for 4 months . He booked his test but he did n't feel ready . The test day came and he was more nervous than ever . When he started the test , he nearly pulled out on a car . Despite his nerves , he managed to just pass the test .	The instructor told me to put on my seatbelt . As nervous as I was , I tried to remain calm when reversing the car . I drove across several areas . In addition , I demonstrated several ways to park . Although the instructor gave me negative comments , I passed the exam .	PERSON was excited to take her driving test and knew she would pass . She had been practicing her driving for months and felt confident . But her nerves during the test made her forget to stop at a red light . Because of that PERSON did not pass the test . But she knew with more practice she would pass it the second time .
swim team	PERSON wanted to be on the swim team . He went to the lake every night to swim . He practiced his strokes and moves . Then he tried out for the swim team . The captain told him he had done a wonderful job !	PERSON tried out for the swim team . She made it . PERSON was happy . She told her friends . They were happy for her .	PERSON decided she wanted to try out for the high school swim team . She went to the open try outs . She swam freestyle and breaststroke . The coach told her she was very fast . She was offered a spot on the varsity team .
vandalism	PERSON was a young man with an attitude problem . He decided he wanted to spray paint his name on town hall . He was not very bright and used his full name . The police showed up at his door and he was booked for the night . PERSON was forced to paint over his graffiti as punishment .	The teacher failed PERSON for copying work from his worksheet . The next day , the teacher noticed graffiti on his classroom door . He was confused and decided to ask a few suspicious people . Someone confessed that they saw PERSON using a spray can yesterday . He ended up suspending PERSON for a few days .	We had conservative Jewish neighbors in the building . One day their car was vandalized . The headlights were smashed . As it was Saturday , they could not pick up the pieces . I picked up the pieces and threw them away .
philosophy	A young man began his quest for knowledge after being inspired . He was inspired after studying the works of the greatest leaders . He learned many valuable ideas . He put them into practice in his own life every day . He benefited tremendously from his new lifestyle .	A man read several books about philosophy He read many profound ideas that touched him . His discovered his new favorite philosopher . The philosopher was named Hericlitus . He liked a part saying everyone and everything constantly changes .	PERSON started a philosophy blog . She wanted to discuss epistemology with like minded folks online . Her blog received a paltry trickle of visitors . More upsetting was the fact that it garnered no comments . PERSON later found success blogging about celebrity dresses .
model	PERSON needed a part time job at college . She decided to be a nude model for art classes . The job paid very well . She found her part time job and loved it . She was a happy college student .	PERSON needed some cash in a hurry . He saw a sign on his campus for a model . The sign said it was a one-day job , paying one hundred bucks . PERSON showed up to discover it was a nude model gig for an art class ! PERSON did it , and got paid handsomely for it too .	PERSON was slim and pretty . She wanted to be a model . She contacted an agency and showed them some photos . But to her surprise , the agency did not sign her ! They told PERSON she was too short to model .
allowance	Kia had always gotten an allowance of $ 5 a week for her B average . One day she sat her parents down and proposed a bargain . If she could bring her average up to an A , could she get $ 10 weekly ? They discussed it together , and finally her parents agreed . Kia was thrilled that her proposal had worked !	PERSON wanted to earn an allowance . He took out the trash . He cleaned his room . He even cleaned the dishes in the sink . His mom merely patted him on the head and said thanks .	The boy got his allowance . He went to the store . He bought a cheap toy . The toy was not very fun . The boy was disappointed that he wasted his allowance .
ipad	PERSON hoped he would get an iPad for Christmas . PERSON begged his parents for one . PERSON explained the benefits of having one . Christmas came and his parents said they did n't have the money for it . To PERSON 's surprise he awoke to an iPad under the tree .	PERSON mom wanted a ipad for Christmas . So PERSON ordered a brand new white ipad for her . It arrived a week before Christmas . He wrapped it up . During Christmas he gave her the ipad and she loved it .	PERSON was given an iPad for Christmas . He was so excited . He had no idea how to use it . He asked his grandchildren to help him . Once he got connected , he was unstoppable .
the garden	PERSON wanted to have a garden . He planted bananas , grapes , and olives . He watered them everyday ! After a long time , the plants grew big and tall . PERSON had lots of fresh fruits and veggies to eat !	PERSON decided that he wanted to start a garden . He went to a store and bought seeds and garden tools . Once he was home , he got straight to work . He tilled the dirt and planted the seeds . PERSON put his tools away and smiled at his work .	A little girl planted a garden in her backyard in the spring . She was so excited that every morning she would get up . Go outside and take care of her garden with extra care . She would water them , she would weed them , and even gave them shade . And by fall she had the biggest garden she ever had .
plane	The plane landed . It 's door got stuck . The people on board could not get off . The people on board complained loudly . The flight crew tried to keep them calm .	PERSON was preparing for a business trip . He was scared of flying . Once he got on the plane he was nervous . The person sitting next to him was a meditation instructor . This person helped to calm PERSON down , and PERSON enjoyed the flight .	I had a meeting in LOCATION LOCATION . I took a taxi to the airport . I purchased a plane ticket . There was a long line of people to get on the plane . I boarded the plane .
contest	PERSON had entered a contest at school . The contest was looking to find the cutest pet . PERSON submitted a photo of her dog . Her dog was so cute , he won the contest ! PERSON got to take home a trophy as her prize .	PERSON is an Australian citizen . She always dreamed of coming to LOCATION for vacation . She entered a contest for an all expenses paid vacation . She won the contest ! PERSON flew from LOCATION to LOCATION LOCATION two months later .	The man won a contest . He went to the station to collect . He was given a set of tickets . He did n't really like the band . He tried to sell them back to the radio employees .
impatient	PERSON was taking an online math class . And he was studying for a quiz . He became impatient and wanted to get the quiz over with . So he took the quiz before he was ready . PERSON rushed through the quiz and got a D.	PERSON was baking bread . But he was very eager to try it . So he turned off the oven prematurely . And he sliced the bread before it fully cooled . But PERSON was disappointed to bite into the soggy slice of bread .	PERSON got caught in traffic . He was already late to work but he was outpatient . A car in front of him eventually stopped moving . Out of frustration , he ran into it . Police officers came and arrested him .
statistics	I wanted to learn statistics . Alas , it was too difficult . I decided to pick another subject . I picked algebra . It was much easier to understand !	I have to take a statistics course for my major . It 's extremely difficult . I think I 'm in danger of failing . I have decided to seek a tutor . I just hope the tutor is clearer than the professor .	PERSON was struggling with his Statistics exam . He had never been great with numbers . No matter how hard he tried , he could n't remember the facts . One day , his friend PERSON offered to tutor him . PERSON 's help meant PERSON passed with an A grade .
lake	PERSON went to the lake to swim . She had loved swimming there as a little girl . But when she arrived as an adult , she was disappointed . The lake was brown and polluted . PERSON sadly left without swimming at all .	PERSON went to the lake with his family . He did not want to get in the water at first . He was intimidated by the size of the huge lake . But then he saw other kids splashing and swimming gaily ! That made PERSON smile and dive in to join them !	PERSON had never swam in a lake before . He wondered if doing so was considered dangerous . He consulted his father , who told him it was . Despite that , he went out to the lake the next morning . Before he stepped in , he came to his senses and stopped .
cheaters	I was headed to visit my boyfriend . When I got there , I noticed an unfamiliar car parked in front . I walked in and found him in bed with his ex-girlfriend ! I screamed at him , cried and ran out the door . I never talked to him again .	PERSON and his friend did n't study for a test so they decided to cheat . They made small papers and put the answers on them . They hid them in their sleeves and pulled them out during the test . Eventually , the teacher caught on and took them to the dean . They failed the test and were both suspended for a week .	PERSON and PERSON were together for 5 Years . PERSON noticed PERSON acting different one day . She decided to snoop in his social media account . She found out he had been cheating in her ! She ended it quickly and broke up with him .
summer school	PERSON went to her first day of summer school . She was very excited and hopeful that she would have fun . She came home at the end of the day full of exciting things to tell . She has so much fun and saw a lot of friends . PERSON could n't wait to go back the next day .	Our niece finished her freshman year at college . She was a nursing student . She had to take an anatomy course again in the summer . She studied hard , and passed the course . Her parents were thrilled .	PERSON got his end of the year report card . He got an F in math . His parents made him go to summer school . PERSON was not happy about this . He determined it was the worst summer ever !
rocket	PERSON got a toy rocket for his birthday . He launched it in the back yard . The rocket landed on the roof . PERSON 's mom got out a ladder . PERSON 's mom climbed up to the roof to reach the rocket .	The man fired a rocket . It hit it 's target . It failed to explode . The man fired another rocket . The target exploded .	PERSON wanted to fly a rocket . After graduating from college , PERSON went to work for NASA . PERSON was a skilled engineer . PERSON was promoted to astronaut . PERSON now has achieved his life long dream of flying a rocket .
new food	PERSON always ate the same kind of food . She started to be bored with her food choices . So , during her next shopping trip , she purchased something different . She bought delicious , Japanese sushi . After this , PERSON vowed to make more exciting food choices .	PERSON came to work with a very special lunch that day . It was extremely healthy and made of food that was hard to find . Her colleagues gawked at her while she was eating . She let them try a few bites and they really liked it . Now she brings more for everyone so they can sample new food .	PERSON is from LOCATION . Her stomach is very sensitive to foreign food . One day she ate American hamburgers . The beef upset her intestines . She spent much of the day in the bathroom .
jealousy	PERSON aced her first exam in our Chemistry class . She could n't stop bragging about how she 's better than her classmates . Since I got mad , I decided to study hard everyday for the next exam . A month later , we took our second exam for the class . I got a perfect score and belittled PERSON since she failed hers .	PERSON loves his girlfriend . Unfortunately he often gets jealous . Last week he saw her talking to a friend . He walked up and interrupted . It was rude and he apologized but she still dumped him .	PERSON had a baby sitter who he thought was really cute . Her name was PERSON and she was quite a bit older . One day her boyfriend PERSON was at her house across the street . PERSON decided to hit rocks at his car with a plastic bat . PERSON saw him and he had to apologize and was grounded for weeks .
PERSON shaves her head	PERSON decided that she wanted to have a new bold look . She thought about cutting her hair really short . Her friends and coworkers discouraged her . However , she decided to shave all of her hair off . PERSON was very pleased with her new look .	PERSON notices that she has developed a lot of dandruff . She tries using an anti-dandruff shampoo but it does n't help . Finally she decides to shave her head to get rid of the dandruff . She loves her new look without hair . PERSON is so happy that she no longer has dandruff .	PERSON decided to shave her head With a scissors she cut her hair close to her head . PERSON uses an electric clipper to cut it all off . She puts shaving cream on her scalp . PERSON uses a blade razor to shave it smooth .
the one	PERSON liked to date a lot of girls . One day he met a girl named PERSON . She got along with PERSON better than any other girl . PERSON told PERSON she wanted a commitment from him . PERSON felt the same and stopped seeing other girls .	PERSON was a single father for 5 years . He did n't know if he would ever find a wife . He decided to start dating online . PERSON met a wonderful girl very quickly . The two of them met and fell deeply in love .	PERSON and PERSON met way back in 1970 . They fell in love almost instantly and got married . The bought a house and raised two wonderful children together . Both of them got sick together in early 2006 . They died in the same hospital room on the same night .
speed	PERSON liked fast cars . He enjoyed the feeling of high speed on back roads . He traded in his Civic for a new Porsche . He floored the accelerator pedal going around a tight turn on a hill . The police discovered the demolished car at the bottom of the hill .	PERSON was learning how to drive . And he enjoyed going fast . One day , he sped through a neighborhood . But he almost ran over a dog . PERSON decided not to speed anymore .	John and PERSON were coworkers . They shared a cubicle wall . Terry noticed PERSON was a fast worker . PERSON asked PERSON for tips . PERSON advised PERSON to try and move the mouse faster .
passed out	PERSON remained in the hospital for several days . The doctor discharged him today . He also warned PERSON to be careful since he was anemic . After the week ended , he suffered from a falling injury . Since he lost a lot of blood , he passed out .	I was preparing a toxic chemical with my friend in the lab . We successfully managed to create it . Since the smell was strong , my friend smelled it for a minute . As a result , she fell on her knees and passed out . I tried to wake her up but she gained consciousness in a few minutes .	PERSON was taking a shower . Suddenly he blacked out and the next thing he knew he was in bed . His mom told him he had passed out . They said he was lucky he had n't hit anything . PERSON felt very grateful and spooked by his experience .
going to school	PERSON was nervous to go to preschool today . He was used to staying at home with his grandma . When mom dropped him off she told him to have a good day . PERSON looked around and saw many other boys and girls . He made new friends as was excited to come back again .	PERSON had his first day of school . He was very nervous . PERSON sat down at his desk . Someone decided to be PERSON 's friend . PERSON felt better .	Last week I was driving my son to school in the morning . I was preoccupied . I drove in the school parking lot and kept going . I left school without dropping my son off . He was happy about that until I turned around and brought him back .
clean	There was a boy who played out in the mud . His mom called him inside and told him to clean up . She had dinner ready and wanted to eat . He went upstairs and washed off . She was glad he cleaned up because his grandparents were in town .	PERSON was in a bad mood . So he decided to clean his messy house . He put everything in the right order . And everything was free of dirt and dust . PERSON was happy to see his house cleaned up .	PERSON was washing vegetables . But she worried they were n't clean enough . So she used strong dish soap and a heavy duty sponge to wash them . But she ended up ruining the vegetables . PERSON insisted that they had to be thoroughly cleaned however .
vape	Christian looked at people vaping Suddenly he had a strong desire to get a vape He went to the store and bought one . He vaped for a week or so . He got bored and gave it away .	PERSON was going to quit cigarettes . He tried e cigs but did not like it . He bought a vape . He enjoyed it and the amount of smoke . He was over cigarettes .	PERSON went to get a new vape . He was new to vaping . He bought out with a big discount . He then found out it was a fake vape . The people would not let him return it .
christmas gifts	I set out today to buy a christmas gift for my newborn Niece . She had 2 strokes at birth so a motor skill toy would be the best item I went on walmart 's website and found the perfect toy for infants . It teaches colors , shapes , music in three different languages . Knowing this would be a helpful and fun gift , I purchased it .	The mother carefully selected Christmas gifts for her family . She wrote down each gift as she wrapped it . She was all ready by the beginning of December . On Christmas morning , they all ripped open their gifts . They got everything they wanted !	PERSON was the only one of her friends to have a job in high school . When Christmas came she decided to buy her friends gifts . She spent most of a check getting thoughtful gifts . Everyone liked what she gave them . But since they had no jobs , she received nothing in return .
cold	Sue had a cold and needed to get well fast . She did n't want to go to work sick ! She tried pills and syrups , but nothing worked . Then she stumbled upon the real cure . Chicken soup and hot tea made her well !	PERSON woke up one morning and saw snow . When he went outside , he realized it was very cold . His jacket was in the garbage so he had to buy a new one as well . PERSON rushed to the store and purchased a new jacket . Now PERSON is playing in the snow and is warm .	PERSON woke early but could not bring himself to get out of bed . He had a runny nose and did not feel well at all . PERSON took some medicine to help him rest . PERSON stayed in bed over the next few days . PERSON finally felt well enough to go back to school .
happy birthday	PERSON was so excited to be having her birthday party . She and her friends played games for prizes . They made a craft that PERSON 's mother had planned . Then , after eating cake , they opened presents . It was the best birthday party PERSON had ever had !	PERSON had his birthday yesterday , he turned thirty Years old . He is getting nervous that his best Years are behind him . He went out with a friend who reminded him all the good in his life He told PERSON to think about his wife , kids , and great job . PERSON became thankful for all he 's done in his twenties .	Heathers mom 's birthday is today . PERSON waited until the last minute . She waited so long to get something she almost forgot . PERSON went to the store looking around . She decided to get a bouquet of flowers for her mother .
roommates	My roommate last year was horrible to live with . He was loud and inconsiderate . I eventually snapped at him and we got in an argument . The argument was resolved with a compromise . I 'm glad I expressed my feelings .	PERSON gets kicked out of his house . So he moves in with his two female friends . But their landlord does n't want a guy living with two girls . So they tell him PERSON is gay . The landlord lets PERSON stay .	PERSON was roommates with PERSON . PERSON decided to move out . PERSON was sad to lose her roommate . She put an advertisement in the paper for a new roommate . Now PERSON lives with PERSON .
unemployment	PERSON was a good worker . His job had to lay people off . PERSON did n't make the cut . He filed for unemployment and got it . It kept him afloat until he found another job .	My wife was laid off last week . She went online to apply for unemployment . The process took only half an hour . She received her notification of benefits yesterday . She was surprised how quick the process was .	PERSON lost her job . She had to go on unemployment . She was so ashamed . She hurried to scan the want ads every week . Soon she was working again !
found money	PERSON was walking to the store one day . His mother had sent him to buy a gallon of milk . PERSON found a five dollar bill on the ground . He picked up the money . PERSON used the money he found to buy candy .	PERSON found a crumpled dollar on the sidewalk . He thought of all the candy he could buy with it . PERSON ran to the corner store to shop for sweets . There , a little girl was crying because she could n't afford candy . PERSON looked at his dollar and knew what to do .	PERSON was walking in the parking lot of a store and found a wallet . She looked inside and realized there was a few hundred dollars there . PERSON saw the license of the person that it belonged too . She drove to the owner 's house to hand the wallet over . The owner was very pleased and gave PERSON a twenty dollar tip .
sold out	PERSON 's Grandma decided to take her to a movie . She was excited since she wanted to see the Star Wars movie . PERSON looked up the show times so they knew when to go . The movie started 30 minutes earlier than she remembered . Unfortunately , the movie was sold out .	PERSON wanted to watch a big new action movie . She had been waiting a long time for it to come out . When tickets became available she was too busy . By the time she had a chance to buy some it was sold out . PERSON had to wait until later to watch it .	PERSON loved a rock band . They were having a show in his town . PERSON tried to get tickets . Unfortunately they sold out right away . He could n't afford the more expensive ones left .
mailman	PERSON wrote a letter to his girlfriend . It was never sent by the mailman . PERSON complained to the mailman about the lost letter . The mailman shrugged and said it was n't his problem . Harry punched the mailman and stuffed his junk mail in his shirt .	PERSON the dog likes to bark at the mailman . He sits at the window every afternoon waiting for the mail delivery . PERSON does n't know that today is President 's Day . He waits at the window just like every other day . This is sad and confused when the mailman does n't arrive .	PERSON was waiting for a package . Every day her mailman came at ten in the morning . But today he was very late . He did n't arrive until one in the afternoon ! But luckily , at least he had PERSON 's package !
baby blues	PERSON and his wife had been trying to conceive a child for three years . However , after three years , their attempts to conceive did not work . PERSON and his wife decided they would try to adopt a baby instead . After meeting with an adoption agency , they now had to wait . PERSON was hopeful that they would get good news about adopting a baby .	PERSON and his wife just had a baby boy . PERSON is happy but he quickly noticed how expensive it is . He had no idea that diapers cost so much money . He told his wife he needs to get a second job . His wife supported him with his decision .	Holding my sweet baby boy I knew something was wrong . He would n't stop crying and when he did I was unable to move . I had that feeling of unease , like my life was not satisfying enough . Thoughts of what his life would be like without me crossed my mind . I picked up the phone and dialed for help .
talent show	I love to sing . Tomorrow I will audition my singing in a talent show . I 'm very nervous about going on stage . My friends are rooting for me . Finally I got to sing , and I ended up winning the contest .	PERSON was nervous before her talent show . That evening , she went on stage and sang two songs . Afterwards , the audience applauded loudly . Her parents were very proud . PERSON won the talent show .	PERSON 's school was holding a talent show . She wanted to perform a dance . She watched dancing videos online to learn how to dance . At the talent show , PERSON performed well . Although she did n't win , she was very proud of herself for trying .
trick or treating	When I was a kid , I went trick or treating . My friends and I dressed up and walked around . We went to houses and asked for candy . When we were done , we went back to my house . We ate pizza and candy and watched horror movies .	PERSON and his friends were excited . Tonight was Halloween and they were going trick or treating . PERSON put on his ghost costume and got ready . PERSON and his friends went around the neighborhood collecting candy . He had such a blast that Halloween night .	Tim loved Halloween . He moved into a nice neighborhood . He had never gone trick or treating before . PERSON decided to try it out . He had great fun and got lots of candy .
noisy neighbor	Our friends from LOCATION rented a condo on the second floor . Their boys , 6 and 8 , were noisy . The neighbor downstairs complained constantly . One day he heard some music and actually liked it . He ended up befriending the family .	We had a very noisy neighbor one year . His 15 year old son visited on weekends . He played heavy metal music . Thankfully he turned down the music if we asked . He later joined a band .	PERSON just moved into a new apartment . She kept hearing loud noises every night at midnight . Her neighbors were in a band . They practiced every night and she finally had to complain . The neighbors moved out and PERSON got to sleep .
the dinner party	I had a few friends over for a dinner party . I felt like it was too boring . We all just sat there trying to make conversation . I decided to start a food fight . We all had a blast throwing food .	PERSON and PERSON were having company for dinner . PERSON cooked a nice meal . PERSON bought a good bottle of wine . Their guests arrived at the house . They spent hours visiting .	PERSON wanted to host a truly stunning dinner party . She meticulously planned her menu . She spent a fortune in the market . She cooked for hours in the kitchen . The dinner was a triumph , but by then she was too tired to enjoy it !
PERSON gets scared	PERSON was one of the biggest kids in his grade . He was only 12 , but he was already six feet tall . One day , PERSON saw a worm on his desk and started screaming . Everyone in the class burst out laughing . PERSON was very embarrassed to have looked so silly .	PERSON is having a sleepover . Her friends are telling ghost stories . PERSON hears a noise and screams . Her friends all laugh at her . PERSON is scared of her friend making the noise .	PERSON is staying alone at her house . She is watching a movie on the couch . The power suddenly goes off . PERSON turns on the flashlight and heads to the breaker box . PERSON hears a loud bang in her basement and quickly leaves .
the bonfire	The friends gathered at PERSON 's house . She had the best bonfires ! They roasted s'mores and told ghost stories . It was a fun night with great friends . They decided to make it a weekly event .	The kids were huddled together . They had a big bonfire burning in the fire pit . The roasted marshmallows and had s'mores . The fire burned all night . They finally sprayed the hose to extinguish the flames .	PERSON was out with friends . They decided to stay out late . Everyone wanted to have a bonfire . PERSON got some wood gathered up . They got a good blaze going .
PERSON the vegetarian	PERSON used to love to eat meat . One day he saw a terrible video . It showed animals being abused for food . PERSON decided to never eat meat again . PERSON has n't eaten meat for over 10 Years !	PERSON was going to eat at her boyfriend 's house . PERSON did not eat meat . Her boyfriend 's family only cooked meat . PERSON did not want to upset the family by not eating . She sneaked her plate to the dog so she would not offend the family .	PERSON was a devout vegetarian . She decided to become a professional chef . PERSON enrolled in culinary school . The school required her to prepare meals using meat . PERSON dropped out of school because this went against her beliefs .
sunset	PERSON and PERSON went on a hike to watch the sunset . They brought a blanket and a bottle of wine . Then they hiked a couple of miles to the top of a local hilltop . But the hike and the wine combined to tire them out . They fell asleep before they saw the sunset !	PERSON was sitting at home . He felt bored being indoors all day . He went outside to play . As he left the house , he noticed the sun was setting . He sat down to watch the complete sunset .	PERSON went to the seashore to see the sunset . He got there just before the sun went down . Clouds rolled in just before sunset . PERSON did n't get to see the sunset . He went home very unhappy .
petting zoo	PERSON loved animals . She was excited to go to the petting zoo . The first animal she tried to pet attacked her . Another tried to bite her . PERSON still loved animals after , but was more protective around them .	PERSON loved animals . Her parents took her to a petting zoo . PERSON was excited and played with all the animals . She fed several as well . PERSON did n't want to leave at closing time .	PERSON always wanted to go to a petting zoo . He got his wish for his twelfth birthday . His parents took him and his friends to one . There he got bit by the first animal he tried to pet . Now he hates petting zoos .
rejection	He wanted to ask the girl out . He walked over to her locker and smiled . She stared back at him coldly . He asked if she would go out with him . She rolled her eyes and walked away .	PERSON wanted to ask PERSON out . He was scared to do it though . When he asked her she said no . PERSON was devastated . He lost his confidence .	PERSON applied to get into Harvard and hoped he would get in . His grades were great but he knew he did not have much else . He did not get into Harvard but did get into many other schools . PERSON only wanted to go to Harvard so he decided not to go to college . He took a year off and traveled the world instead .
decorating	PERSON 's boss decided to throw a holiday party . The employees were asked to help prepare for the celebration . PERSON was put in charge of the Decorating Committee . Though she was nervous to be in charge , she gave it her all . She was overjoyed when she got many compliments on her decorations .	PERSON loved to decorate her house . For every holiday , she bought lots of new decor items . She made lots of crafts to put around her house . She decided to funnel her energy into a design business . She had a knack for the business !	The man measured the diameter of the table . He cut a piece of fabric with that same diameter . He glued the fabric to the top of the table for decoration . His wife did n't like the fabric . The man removed the fabric and the glue .
ruined shoes	PERSON was out hiking . He did n't realize there would be so much water . He did n't wear the right shoes . His shoes got soaked and covered in mud . PERSON had to throw them out .	PERSON had on a new pair of shoes . It was raining . PERSON stepped in the mud . She could n't get the stains out of the shoes . PERSON 's new shoes were ruined .	PERSON was walking to school in her brand new boots . She was n't paying attention when she stepped into some mud . Her boots were caked in the sticky stuff . Though she tried to clean it all , a bunch of the mud stuck . Soon her boots were a hard , dirty mess forever .
kiwi	I was vacationing in LOCATION . I decided to go to the fruit market . I saw a kiwi . I had never had a kiwi before . I bought it and it was very tasty .	I bought a kiwi from the farmer 's market . Alas , it was rotten . I demanded a refund but the farmer refused . I decided to punch him . Thus , the police arrested me .	We once had a pet parakeet . We bought him from a flea market without high expectations . After only a week , he seemed to have a nervous breakdown . My sister tried to wake him , but instead he fell over dead . We decided to bury him in the back yard .
back home	PERSON left LOCATION when she was 18 to live on the Mainland . When she was 25 , she went back home for a visit . She rented a car , and the cashier thought she was a tourist . All of her favorite local haunts were gone . PERSON ended her trip feeling more like a stranger than a native .	PERSON has been overseas in the army for a year now . He is currently on his flight back home for a few months . He is excited to see his wife . His plane lands and he gets out of the airport . He sees his wife and gives her the biggest hug !	PERSON had to move back in with his parents because he ran out of money . He Had bad spending habits which drove him into debt . Moving back home was a wake up call for PERSON . He made a budget for himself and got a second job . Now he is debt free and looking to move out again .
PERSON gets fired	PERSON is working as a school janitor . PERSON is feeling lazy today . PERSON does not do his work all day . The school becomes filthy . PERSON is fired the next day .	PERSON was a hard working man . He did have a few bad habits also . PERSON was going to pull a prank on his boss . PERSON decided to mess up his office and lost important documents . PERSON went too far this time and had to be fired .	PERSON is hired to be a cameraman . PERSON is asked to follow and record his boss 's infomercial . PERSON is always showing up late and never on time . PERSON 's boss finally gets tired of lack of production . He fires him and hires a new cameraman .
shy	PERSON was always a very shy girl . The summer before high school , she decided it was time to change that . She went to classes on extroversion and sociability . She learned how to make friends and act outgoing . When she started high school , PERSON had no problems making friends !	PERSON was interested in science . He participated in the science fair . He had a great project , but he was very shy . He could n't speak up when asked to explain his project . He did n't win the prize because he was too shy .	My niece started her second year of college last week . One of her courses started today . She is not very outgoing . She sat in the last roll . She hopes she wo n't get asked any questions .
beer	Frank was a big drinker . One night PERSON and his friend had a drinking contest . Frank drank nearly two beers for every one of his friends . Near the end they both could barely stand . Frank was declared the winner while he was passed out in a can pile .	I did not drink beer until I was 26 . I was a night school grad student . I took a seminar in science and society . The professor offered us beer in his lab . I had a Coors .	Last week my wife bought a six pack of beer . She brought only one bottle up from the car . She had other packages to carry . She forgot where she put the beer . She went to the car and found the beer under a towel in the back .
the massage	PERSON was going to get a massage . She knew it it would be a relaxing day so she arrived early . She got lost and her trip took an extra 20 minutes . Then , she could n't find a parking spot . She went to her appointment late and was stressed .	PERSON had a long day at work . He had to lift a lot of heavy things . His girlfriend felt sympathetic . She gave him a back rub to make him feel better . It helped soothe PERSON physically and emotionally .	PERSON had a lot of physical anxiety and tension . His friends all told him he should try a massage . PERSON had never had one , and was nervous about the personal contact . He gathered up his courage and went for a massage . It was quite pleasant and alleviated his tension .
pencils	I used to collect colored pencils and erasers . The erasers came in all kinds of cute shapes and sizes . I walked to the bookstore in school and bought unicorn erasers . I did this every week with my allowance . I collected them all together in a metal tin by PERSON PERSON .	PERSON really loved pencils and pens . He decided to open a stationery store . He bought lots of inventory for the store . He advertised in the local paper . Lots of people came to his grand opening at the end of the week .	Jeff always used pencils to write his papers . Because of this habit he always kept pencils with him . He became so infatuated that he began to make his own pencils . People really like the pencils he made . He eventually began to sell his pencils in retail stores .
hunt	The big buck came to view in the scope . He was a big healthy animal . I breathed out slow to steady my breathing . The crosshairs settled onto the deers shoulders slowly . Squeezing the trigger gently the rifle roared to life .	The man went hunting . He saw some game . He shot the game . It was too heavy for him to carry . He had to dissect the animal to carry it .	PERSON was having an Easter egg hunt . She invited her grandchildren to search for eggs . Each grandchild found over a dozen eggs . They they clamored to see who would get a prize . To their surprise , PERSON gave prizes to them all !
the rock concert	PERSON was beyond excited . He was going to go see his favorite band , The Leopards . PERSON really loved The Leopards . He got to the show and made his way up to the front . PERSON had a great time at the concert that night .	PERSON and his friends wanted to see their favorite band in town . PERSON asked his dad but he said that he could n't go . PERSON felt sad as he heard his friends expressing their excitement . On the day of the concert , PERSON 's dad surprised him with tickets . PERSON happily called his friends , and they all enjoyed the concert .	PERSON went to a rock concert . The music was really loud . PERSON was in an area near the speakers . PERSON had trouble hearing the next day . His mother had to repeat everything she said .
shots	I went to the doctor because I was sick . I had to wait in the waiting room . The nurse called me back . I waited in the room for the doctor . The doctor brought me shots to get better .	PERSON had a checkup today . He was scheduled to get shots . His mommy took him to the doctor . PERSON was scared , but he stayed brave . He got the shots , and did n't even cry .	PERSON knew he was going to go drinking . He went to a store and bought some shot glasses . He needed to be able to count how much he drinks . He got drunk and lost count . In the end , it did not matter if he bought the glasses .
out to eat	PERSON set the kitchen table . Her brother grabbed the dining cloth . He yanked the cloth off of the table . Dishes flew everywhere . PERSON and her brother went out to eat .	Our family decided to start saving money . We spend too much going out to eat every week . Mom planned on making more meals ahead of time . Mom likes to go out on Fridays because it 's been a long week . The family likes homemade meals , but likes to go out also .	PERSON took her daughter out to eat for her Sweet 16 . Their family was tight on money and rarely ate out . But PERSON was still shocked to see the bill . It was almost one hundred dollars ! PERSON was glad she had brought extra money !
the suitcase	PERSON was taking a trip . He needed a new suitcase . He got one with hard sides and wheels that rotated . When he got to the airport , the suitcase fell apart ! PERSON was very frustrated with his new purchase .	PERSON had packed for her trip . She had crammed everything into her suitcase . She was worried her clothes would get wrinkled . When she got to her destination , they were very crumpled . She spent her first evening ironing all her clothes !	After a long flight to LOCATION , I went to claim my baggage . So many bags look alike these days so I watched closely . Eventually there was one one bag last similar to mine but not mine . That 's how I found out someone else had mistakenly taken my bag . Ever since that day , I have put bright strips of duct tape on my bags !
security	PERSON stormed into his wife 's office . He had just found out about her affair . His wife 's boss called security . The man was dragged out . They later worked out their problems .	PERSON was trying to board a plane . But security stopped him . They searched him and found his pocketknife ! PERSON had forgotten to leave it at home ! Security threatened to arrest PERSON .	A man installed a security system . His dog kept setting it off . He asked for professional help . They moved some sensors . The dog did not set off the alarm again .
choking	PERSON took apart her chicken wing . She tried to take a bite out of the thigh . After it was swallowed , it got stuck in her through . She was trying to cough it out . In addition , her friend helped her take out .	PERSON had too much to drink during band practice tonight . When he came home he sat in his favorite chair and passed out . While he was sleeping he began to choke on his saliva . The choking woke him up quite abruptly . Once he was done choking and coughing he passed back out .	PERSON was at a restaurant . Another patron started to choke on his food . PERSON went over to try to help . He smacked the guy 's back a few times . The food dislodged from the patron 's throat .
whoops	PERSON was a lonely girl who loved to Ice Skate . She would skate from dusk till dawn . One day she jumped so high in the air . PERSON landed perfectly on one foot but then lost her footing . `` Whoops '' were the words that left her mouth as she slipped .	While mowing the yard today , I heard a small rock fly out . I did n't pay any attention as I continued mowing the yard . When I got finished , I went to inspect where the rock went . I found the passenger door of my car completely shattered . The rock also managed to crack the driver 's side window , too .	PERSON was spinning around in a circle with her classmates . As they finished the song , they all fell down . PERSON passed gas loudly and all the kids looked at her . She looked back and forth to take the attention off her . All the kids started laughing .
PERSON goes swimming	PERSON is bored . PERSON does n't know what to do . PERSON thinks . PERSON decides to go swimming . PERSON enjoys a day of swimming .	PERSON had always wanted to swim at a nearby lake . His friends organize a trip to the lake one day . PERSON packs his swimming trunks and joins them on the trip . When they get to the lake , he is the first to dive in ! PERSON feels proud that he has finally swam at the lake .	PERSON is outside mowing the grass . When he finishes he heads inside . Inside he notices his air conditioner is broken . He calls the repairman but they ca n't fix it until tomorrow . So larry goes to the swimming pool to cool off .
fireflies	PERSON was told that there would be fireflies by the lake . PERSON had never seen fireflies herself . She bundled up for the cool night air . She went to the lake , but only saw one firefly light one time . It was a lovely experience , but overall underwhelming for her .	PERSON was camping in the wilderness . He had forgotten his flashlight at home . PERSON captured a bunch of fireflies in a jar . He used them as light inside his tent . PERSON was able to read from the light of the fireflies .	PERSON was driving in the country one night . She saw strange lights and pulled over to investigate . She turned her headlights off . Then she gasped at what she saw . The night air was filled with thousands of beautiful fireflies !
market crash	PERSON was playing the stock market . He was heavily loaded . All the sudden the market crashed . Fred got nervous . He had to sell all his positions .	PERSON bought some stock in a company . She thought it would make her a profit . But the next day it crashed . PERSON lost half of her money . She was furious .	PERSON bought some shares of a company yesterday . She hoped she could make some money . But unfortunately the stock ended up dropping . The entire market was crashing . PERSON ended up losing a lot of money .
getting fired	PERSON , the manager of PERSON 's , was tired of seeing PERSON . He was a regular customer but asked for too much , PERSON thought . One evening PERSON asked for a plastic bag to carry his food in . PERSON said no , and that plastic bags were only given at breakfast . PERSON complained to the corporate office and PERSON was fired .	PERSON really did n't like his job . He wanted to get fired and collect unemployment . He tried to do it in a way that did n't get him in trouble . Unfortunately he went too far . His unemployment benefits were denied .	PERSON had been underperforming at work . He was afraid that they would fire him . PERSON tried to do better . Unfortunately it was n't enough . He was fired within the week .
barbecue	PERSON wanted some barbecue chicken . He had some chicken but no barbecue . So he went too the store to get barbecue . PERSON went home to cook the chicken . PERSON had some barbecue chicken .	Brad always loved to cook barbecue . PERSON entered his first barbecue cooking competition . He had to borrow a grill and a truck to get there . PERSON won his first competition . He was so excited , he could not wait to compete again .	PERSON loves barbecuing . She learns new recipes for making ribs and burgers . PERSON always throws barbecues for her friends and makes them food . PERSON 's friends want to show how much they appreciate her cooking . They buy PERSON a grill as a surprise .
rats	Chef PERSON was preparing her famous soup when something caught her eye . A rat scurried across the kitchen floor . She was devastated and immediately called the exterminator . The exterminator team arrived within the hour and purged the kitchen . PERSON was relieved to have her kitchen restored .	I heard the sound of the cat door open and close . I saw something out of the corner of my eye scurry past me . A small rat was running down the hall with the cat behind it . I screamed loudly which prompted my husband to come running . After a few minutes he disposed of the now dead rat .	PERSON was used to finding rats in his basement . But when he found a whole family that took the cake . It did n't feel right to kill a whole family . So instead of calling the exterminator , he built them a small house . A month later they had doubled in size and took over .
change of plans	PERSON and PERSON wanted to celebrate their sixth anniversary together . They scheduled a babysitter for their twins . They made reservations for a nice restaurant . They got dressed and ready to go out . One of the kids threw up so they had to stay home .	PERSON was looking forward to going to the lake today . However , she saw that it was going to rainy today . Upset , she thought about other things she could do today instead . She called a few of her friends and asked them to come over . PERSON and her friends spent the rest of the day watching movies .	I tuned in to watch some television shows . However , there were no interesting channels on . Instead of waiting for a good channel to come , I took off the TV . I tried to exercise in the gym . A few friends came and we had a good time .
celebrity	As a child I generally looked up to celebrities . I found their lives glamorous and their accolades praise-worthy . As I grew up , I soured on the very notion of fame . As an adult , I became a minor celebrity as a novelist . I find I experience some self-loathing due to my disposition .	PERSON adored a lot of celebrities and wanted to meet one ! I told her that it was very rare to meet one but she did n't care . She tried to meet one while downtown the next day . There was a popular play going on so she went there . After the play she waited around and ended up meeting one !	PERSON did n't know which presidential candidate to vote for . So she listened to whatever her favorite celebrities had to say . And she felt proud to take their side . But later she realized they only wanted policies that benefited them . And afterwards she no longer trusted celebrities .
good enough	PERSON needed new books . She read all the books she brought to grandma 's house . And was now bored . When her grandpa went to Walgreens , she asked to go with . The book selection was n't as good as a bookstore , but it would do .	There was two nails to go in the birdhouse PERSON was building . He reached for his hammed but could not find it . He looked all around the table but alas it was nowhere . PERSON picked up a heavy steel wrench and used it like a hammer . The end result was satisfactory .	PERSON was very busy behind the bar on a Saturday night . A server came to him to get three glasses of wine . PERSON the bartender grabbed his wine opener and a bottle . The bottle was enough for two of the three glasses . The third was a little low but he felt that it was fine .
secret admirer	PERSON came to school with an unexpected present on her desk . To her surprise , she was given a bouquet of beautiful flowers . PERSON took a look at the note and it said `` Secret Admirer '' . She took a sniff of the flowers as they smelled wonderful . As she looked across the room , her crush was looking right at her .	PERSON arrived to work to meet a bouquet of red roses on her desk . PERSON was intrigued to find out who the flowers were from . PERSON asked the secretary who delivered the flowers . The secretary informed PERSON that they were from a secret admirer . PERSON decided to enjoy the flowers and the nice gesture it represents .	The teacher dismissed the class after the bell rung . PERSON was pulled over by PERSON , who sat next to him . She asked for his phone number and he ended up giving it to her . The next day , PERSON took PERSON to an empty building in school . She asked him to go out on date with her .
trade	PERSON was feeling extremely thirsty . All she had on her was some chocolate . PERSON then ran into her friend , PERSON . PERSON held a bottle of water and was known to have a sweet tooth . The two friends decided to trade their items .	They were sold out of medium shirts . All that was left was larges . My friend wanted to trade with me . She is smaller than me . So I traded with her .	Yesterday my favorite baseball team made some changes . They traded out one of my favorite pitchers . I sat there stunned that they would make such a move . I read all the news about it . I was very unhappy that he had been traded .
allergic	Since PERSON was born he was allergic to many things . He could n't eat peanuts , fish or eggs . This made it difficult for PERSON to try new foods . His mother began taking him to get allergy shots . PERSON had his first peanut butter and jelly sandwich at 9 years old .	PERSON was playing in the park one day . Then he got stung by a bee ! To his shock his whole body swelled up with hives . PERSON had to be rushed to the hospital . That was how he found that he was allergic to bees !	I went to eat shrimp scampi at a restaurant . Suddenly , I got very sick . It turns out I am allergic to shrimp scampi . I was sad that I suddenly could not eat my favorite dish . However , I decided that eating fried shrimp is just as good .
back to school shopping	PERSON took her kids to a local mall . They struggled to get through the building since it was crowded . Many people were buying items from back-to-school sales . By the time we arrived , a vast majority of sales were ended . Therefore , PERSON decided to come with her kids during another day .	The kids went to the mall with their mom . They had to buy back to school clothes . They bought a bunch of new things . They took them home and hung them in their closet . They were excited to wear the items on the first day of school .	PERSON needed to go back to school shopping for her children . She does n't get out of the house much because she does n't drive . PERSON decided to start looking at online sales . She found some really good deals shopping online . Because of the good deals she got her shopping all done .
the new baby	PERSON was so excited to get a new baby sister . His mom and PERSON told him that soon he would be a big brother . PERSON learned everything he could about having a baby sister . When his sister finally came he could n't believe it ! He was the best big brother to his new baby sister .	PERSON had her baby last night . She had a baby healthy , baby girl . I will be going to visit her today . She looks so sweet in the photographs . I am excited to see her .	PERSON was an only child . One day , her mother had to go to the hospital . PERSON was a little afraid . Her mother was gone for a whole day . When she came home , she brought a brand new baby !
