bad grade	PERSON had always made good grades . One day he forgot to study for a quiz . When he got to class , he knew nothing . He did the best he could and had to guess . PERSON still failed his quiz .	PERSON had a test in English . He forgot to study . When he got to class , he was nervous . PERSON was not able to answer any questions . He failed his test .	PERSON needed a good grade . She needed it to move up a level . But when she got her test back she failed . She did n't know what to do . She broke down crying .	PERSON was waiting for her test results . She was very anxious . When she got her results , she looked . She failed the test . She knew she would have to explain that to her parents .	PERSON always made good grades . She was in high school now though . She had a big science test and had been studying hard . She was very anxious about it . When PERSON got her test back she had failed .	PERSON had always made good grades . One day he forgot to study for an exam . When he got to class , he remembered about his test . He tried to skim over his notes , but it was too late . PERSON failed his first exam .	The man gave the boy a grade . The boy did n't like it . The boy complained to the man . The man agreed to change it . The boy still was not happy .	PERSON had always made good grades . She was in high school and knew grades meant a lot . PERSON made a mistake and cheated on a quiz . Her teacher caught her . However , she let PERSON retake the quiz .	I got a really bad grade in math . I was afraid to tell my parents . My parents got a phone call from my teacher . They confronted me about my bad grade . Fortunately , they were able to help me study and raise the grade .
crash	PERSON was drinking one night . He decided to drive home from the bar . He thought he was sober enough to make it home . But PERSON had overestimated himself . He crashed into a tree two blocks away from the bar .	PERSON 's parents bought him a car for his birthday . They told PERSON he could n't have it until he got his license . But PERSON was so eager , he stole the keys and snuck out with it . He thought he could drive it , but he was wrong . PERSON ended up crashing his car !	PERSON was riding his motorcycle . The asphalt was wet because it had just rained . A car next to him suddenly merged without signaling . Since it was wet , PERSON could not stop in time . PERSON laid down the bike like he was taught and let it hit the car .	PERSON heard a loud crash one night . She peered out her window . The store across the street was being robbed ! PERSON hurriedly called the police . Later , the store owners thanked her for her help !	PERSON crashed into someone at a red light . It was her first accident and she was terrified . But no one was injured and the car 's ' bumpers were barely damaged . The other driver was very kind as they exchanged information . PERSON calmed down very quickly .	The other night I heard a loud crash . I looked all over to see what had made the noise . I discovered a picture had fallen off the wall . The glass in the frame was unbroken . It had fallen and crashed into a ceramic bowl under it .	I was on my way to pick up my fiance from work . A pizza hut driver was very impatient . He did n't want to wait for traffic to pull out . He pulled out without looking . He totaled my car and sent me to the hospital .	One day I was taking my son 's friends home to their mom . I had to drive around an accident scene . A car had crashed through a chain link fence into a yard . Luckily the car did not hit the house . We stayed so long watching the kids were a bit late .	The friends drove to fast . They flipped their car . It landed in a river . One friend got hurt . The other friend felt responsible .
church	The couple went to church . The sermon was controversial . The couple left half way through the sermon . They looked for another church in town . There was none .	PERSON went to church and enjoyed the sermon . But then they began to pass the collection plate . PERSON realized she had forgotten her money ! She had to let the plate skip over her . PERSON 's cheeks burned with embarrassment .	I never liked going to church . My parents made me go until I was fifteen . I learned how to braid by playing with bookmarks in the bible . My job is now a hair stylist . So church did teach me something useful .	Christian went to church one Sunday . He was trying to get forgiveness for his sins . The priest took him into the confessional . Christian confessed all his darkest thoughts . After listening , the priest told him there was no hope for him .	PERSON had not been raised with any particular religion . When she had her own kids , she decided to raise them in church . She had them baptized and took them every Sunday to confession . She felt that religion was a great structure for them . As they grew older , PERSON saw the church 's positive influence on them .	PERSON spent too much of her childhood in church . Her parents gave her everything she ever wanted . She was spoiled and a brat . She ended up getting on Christian Mingle and marrying a man . She 's now a mother of 3 at 20 years old .	PERSON was hesitant to attend church with her foster parents . She had never been religious and was worried about it . But when she finally agreed to go , she got a shock . Everyone was very nice to her and even the pastor was kind ! PERSON wished she 'd agreed to go to church sooner !	PERSON went to church and prayed in front of the altar . A priest came in and sat beside her . He asked if she had been there before . She said many years ago . He then told her to leave because only churchgoers could come inside .	The church was in ruins . We snuck in through the side door . We tore through the chapel like wild banshees . A screeching sent us racing out . We laughed at ourselves when we saw it was only a bird in the rafters .
getting lost	PERSON and PERSON went for a walk in the woods . They thought they new the area well . Soon , they realized they did not know where they were . PERSON and PERSON wandered for a long time looking for anything familiar . Finally , they heard their parents calling them to safety .	PERSON was out walking one night by himself . After a while he realized he did not know where he was any more . He looked around for landmarks but did n't see anything familiar . Then he remembered he had his phone . He used the mapping app on his phone and found his way home !	PERSON was out hiking with friends . It became cloudy and dark . They eventually realized they got lost . PERSON was able to find the trail back . Everyone was tired but grateful .	PERSON had just gotten her driver 's license . It was her first time driving by herself . Without her mother 's help , the winding roads quickly confused her . She knew she was lost , and pulled over to ask for directions . The clerk at the gas station guided her on her way .	A boy and his family were going on vacation . They were driving on the road to their destination . The family stopped at a gas station for snacks . While getting back in the car , they forgot the young boy . A few minutes later , the parents noticed and reclaimed the child .	My Dad was attending a school for the blind in LOCATION . My sister went to visit him . She took him out to eat to a place they 'd never been . Driving back , she became lost . My Dad gave her directions and they made it back to the school !	One weekend PERSON decided to go for a hike . He realized he had forgotten the map and quickly got lost . After a few hours , PERSON started to panic . He called out for hours until somebody came and helped him . From then on , he never forgot a map !	PERSON was hiking with friends . He thought they knew where they were going . They thought they were following PERSON . They all wound up getting lost . It took them hours to find their way back .	Frank wanted to go camping with friends . Nobody went with him . He decided to go by himself . Unfortunately he got lost getting to the campsite . Frank had to call for help and get saved .
flood	It was raining really hard . The street started to fill with water . The water reached the car bumper . PERSON ran out to move the car . It was too late , the car would n't start .	It rained for days . The river started to rise . As the river rose , the levies began to break . People who lived along the river , started to see flooding . The flood damage was never predicted .	Bukit Tinggi is a small village in LOCATION . Many tourists would come here to enjoy the jungle . They would stay at hotels along the river . After a day of heavy rain , the river level rose quickly . Many of the hotels and tourists were swept away by the flash flood .	PERSON knew the weather was supposed to get bad . She was not prepared for a lot of rainy . As she was driving home , she got caught in a flood . PERSON tried to drive through . PERSON 's car got stuck on the bridge .	Christian wanted to do his own laundry . He put his clothes in the washer and put the detergent in . He used too much detergent . Soapy bubbles started to pour out of the machine onto the floor . Before he knew it , the entire floor was flooded .	PERSON had just bought a new house . One afternoon , PERSON returned home to find his basement flooded . He was worried about how to pay for the repairs . His friend recommended he check his homeowner 's insurance . Fortunately , all repairs were covered for PERSON 's house .	It rains hard where I live . One day the street was completely submerged in water . I called a taxi to get to work . It took me to my motorcycle . My motorcycle would n't even work .	The flood hit very suddenly . Just as the storm arrived , torrential rainfall began . We all huddled inside our houses , hoping for safety . The water rose and began to seep in under our doors . The carpets and furniture were destroyed .	Last weekend it rained seven inches . The reservoir filled up quickly and eventually overflowed . A flood warning was issued for the area . About an hour later people were ordered to evacuate . Later the next day the surrounding area flooded in two feet of water .
ball	PERSON threw a ball for his puppy . Eagerly , the puppy chased it . But the ball bounced into the road ! PERSON 's dog narrowly missed being hit by a car . From then on , PERSON only threw the ball indoors .	PERSON and Art had a baseball and wanted to play . But neither boy had a bat ! Lacking funds , they cast about for a solution . Then Art suggested they use a sturdy branch instead . The branch worked just as well as a real bat !	In 1999 , we went to the beach with our friend PERSON . PERSON was 24 , with a two year old son , PERSON . We drove to LOCATION LOCATION . A dog came up and ate PERSON 's favorite ball . I talked to the owner and got her to pay PERSON $ 5 for the ball .	My son took his allowance money and bought a new baseball glove . When he got home he was excited . He asked the boy next door to come out and play . They met in the front yard . They realized they did n't have a baseball .	PERSON loved to play with balls . He enjoyed tennis balls and soccer balls . One day , a ball hit him and he was injured . He went to the hospital to ensure nothing was broken . The doctor said he was good and PERSON continued to play with balls .	PERSON played catch with his son in their backyard . He threw the ball forcefully overhead . To his surprise , it went much farther than he expected . His son marveled at his father 's strength . PERSON felt proud before running to retrieve the ball .	PERSON was out in her yard playing one day . She was tossing a ball around . PERSON accidentally tossed the ball over the fence . She went next door and asked her neighbor for the ball . Her neighbor gladly let her in the fence to get her ball !	PERSON wanted to play ball with his son . His son played for 30 minutes . His son hated it though . PERSON decided to stop . He knew his son did not like it .	We could n't find a toy the dog liked . We tried several stuffed animals . We also got a kong toy with peanut butter . She was n't interested in any of them . The only toy she chose was a small rubber ball .
camping trip	The PERSON family went on a camping trip together . They all decided to sleep in the same tent . PERSON had a hard time sleeping because of his dad 's snoring . He put his headphones in and cranked the music up loud . It took a while but eventually PERSON fell asleep listening to music .	PERSON wanted to go on a camping trip . So she got her friends together to go . But when they got there she got scared . They saw a wolf . PERSON then wanted to go home .	Every year my family and I go on a camping trip in the woods . We drive up north into the mountains . This past summer we went camping in LOCATION LOCATION . We had a great time . I ca n't wait to go back .	PERSON and her family decided to go on a camping trip . They decided to travel for an hour . When they got there , PERSON was bored . She was annoyed about having to be with her family . She wanted to go home .	PERSON planned a big camping trip for the weekend . He asked his wife if she wanted to come , but she refused . So he ended up going there alone . While unloading his gear , he realized he forgot to pack his tent . He went back home deflated , but his wife was delighted to be with him .	PERSON had never been on a camping trip . He was very nervous about leaving home and camping with strangers . His parents assured him everything would be fine . On the first day camping he mistook a baby owl for bat . He later laughed about with his parents and friends .	PERSON 's favorite childhood trips was camping trips with his father . He could n't wait to take his own son camping one day . But PERSON was always working and never took the time off . But one day , his company closed for a long weekend . He packed up his camping gear and headed to the nearby camping site .	My friends and I went on a camping trip . I was really excited to try out my new tent . We had a hard time setting it up because it did n't come with stakes . It was really windy and we were afraid the tent would blow away . We put all of our gear in the tent to weigh it down .	PERSON and PERSON wanted to feel more in touch with nature . They decided to take a camping trip . They hiked to the top of a small mountain . They fished and built a fire to cook their catch . They both felt rejuvenated when they returned home .
field trip	I used to work in the offices of a transit authority . One day I took two co workers out on a field trip . We rode to a trolley car house in LOCATION , LOCATION . The mechanic there let me drive one of the trolleys in the yard . I was very excited and happy .	I took my new boss on a field trip once . We went to a mass transit carhouse . After the visit we started heading back to work . But my boss said let 's go home ! He was the best boss I ever had .	During the first week of school PERSON 's class did lots of team building . They took a field trip to the mountains . They spent time kayaking in a small creek . Afterwards , they splashed and played in the water . By week 's end , everyone felt closer to their classmates .	The class was very excited . They were going on a field trip today . The class was going to the zoo . They all had a wonderful time looking at the animals that day . The field trip was a big success .	Miss PERSON was counting the kids in her class getting on the bus . Today the class was going on a field trip to the art museum . The kids were all very excited . They arrived at the museum and had a fun time coloring their own art . The kids and Miss PERSON got on the bus to go back to school .	The 2nd grade class is going on a field trip today . They are going to the aquarium . The entire class is excited as they load up in the bus . When they entire the aquarium , all there mouths open . They are amazed by all the aquatic life .	A class met together . The teacher asked for suggestions . One student suggested a field trip . The teacher agreed . They went to the aquarium .	The tenth grade class at Hamilton High took a field trip to the zoo . They got to feed the giraffes . One of the giraffes sneezed on a girl . Everyone laughed . The girl 's friends helped her clean up .	PERSON went on a field trip with his school . The school decided to take the students to a dormant volcano site . Each student had to pick a volcano rock to write an essay about . PERSON picked up a piece of Basalt he found interesting . PERSON wrote a good essay about his rock when he went home that day .
a trip to LOCATION	PERSON had never been to LOCATION before . She was really loving the experience . Her sister had come along with her on the trip . They went all over LOCATION stopping in several different cities . PERSON would always remember her wonderful trip to LOCATION .	PERSON went to LOCATION . He asked the tour guide to show him the dragons . The tour guide told him that there are no such things as dragons . PERSON was really very disappointed . He asked for his money back , but the tour company refused .	PERSON and her husband were happy . They were finally getting a chance to go on a trip to LOCATION . They arrived and began seeing the sights . They were in LOCATION and having a wonderful time . They were so thrilled to finally be living their dreams .	PERSON was beyond excited . He had just arrived in LOCATION . For years he had dreamed of this trip . He traveled all over the country . He was so happy on his trip to LOCATION .	The woman had been dreaming of going to LOCATION . She made careful plans and bought a ticket . She was so excited to see the famous sights . She took lots of photos and enjoyed every second of it . She hung photos from her trip all over her house .	PERSON was taking a trip to LOCATION . She was learning Japanese and trying lots of new foods . She felt ready for her new adventure . She landed in LOCATION and took it all in . It was so exciting !	PERSON and her family were ready for their big trip . They were going to be traveling to LOCATION for the first time . They went and saw the sights of great cities like LOCATION and LOCATION . PERSON was so happy about the trip . It was an incredible time and she got to experience it with her family .	PERSON always wanted to go to LOCATION . When she was twenty-five she bought herself a ticket . She saw all the famous landmarks . She loved LOCATION and Minos . But she found Lesbos to be disappointing .	PERSON and her family were very excited . They had just arrived in the country of LOCATION . The family was vacationing there and having a great time . PERSON saw so many wonderful sites while she was there . For many years after the family would always talk about their trip .
the museum	PERSON loved learning about things . He went to a new museum to learn about history . He looked at each exhibit . At the end of it , he was impressed . The museum had done a wonderful job teaching him about history .	One day PERSON went to the museum . First he saw the dinosaur skeletons . Then he saw the cavemen . Finally he saw the art gallery . He had a fun time .	The family went to the museum . They were disappointed to see the planetarium closed . They asked a curator when it would open . The curator told them 4PM . They were relieved to hear this .	The kids were taking a field trip . They were going to a local museum . It was full of amazing artifacts . They learned about history and science . The kids were sad to leave at the end of the day .	The family was taking a trip . They were going to a famous history museum . They all wanted to learn as much as they could about history . They took all day going through the exhibits . The museum had taught them a lot !	During the summer the kids did not have school . PERSON was home with her babysitter during the day . They were bored so the babysitting took her to the museum . They saw many historical artifacts . PERSON learned a lot at the museum .	PERSON loved learning . She went to a new museum to learn about history . The exhibits were great ! She especially loved learning about the Civil War . PERSON felt smarter after her visit .	One day the PERSON family went to the museum . PERSON 's favorite exhibit was the dinosaur room . She thought the skeletons were cool . Mr PERSON liked the caveman display . Everyone had fun .	The class was on a field trip . They went to the history museum . They learned about the dinosaurs and the Civil War . When they were finished , they went back to the bus . They talked about what they 'd seen all day .
christmas morning	PERSON awoke excited ! She remembered it was Christmas day . She jumped out of bed so she could go awaken her parents . They all went to the Christmas tree . Together they unwrapped their presents .	PERSON had been waiting for Christmas all year long . When the day arrived , her parents called her out of her room . In the den , PERSON saw that LOCATION had visited and left presents . She quickly began opening presents one by one . The last thing she opened was a Nintendo 3DS , her most wanted item .	PERSON woke up on Christmas morning , excited to what LOCATION brought . He raced into his room and woke his parents up , immediately . His parents grabbed the camera and followed PERSON down the hall . PERSON was amazed as he saw a new bike and a few new video games . He got his helmet and went out for a ride to test out his new bike .	PERSON woke up on Christmas morning and ran downstairs . He helped his mom fix breakfast for the whole family . After everyone ate , they sat down to open presents . PERSON reached for a big box with his name on it . Inside the box , PERSON found the remote control car he wanted !	PERSON spent all night wrapping gifts . He passed out late . In the morning his family struggled to wake him up . They opened gifts without him . PERSON eventually woke up a bit saddened .	PERSON was excited for Christmas morning ! She had been a good girl all year . PERSON really wanted a new bike this year ! She woke up early and ran down the stairs and saw it ! It was her new bike and she rode it all the time after that .	PERSON woke up early , it was Christmas morning . Running down the stairs , he saw a man in a big red suit . Yelling , screaming , he knew it had to be LOCATION . The man turned around , and it was his Uncle PERSON . Uncle PERSON had gotten up early and dropped off presents .	I woke up this morning and was so excited . It 's Christmas today , and LOCATION came ! I came downstairs to lots of gifts under the tree . My sister and I sang with glee . Christmas is my favorite time of the year .	It was 7 in the morning when PERSON 's mother awoke her . It was Christmas day . PERSON awoke slowly , groggy from so little sleep . Then she remembered she could finally open her gifts . PERSON jumped out of bed , and bounded down the stairs .
gun	The man shot the gun . He missed the target . He reloaded the gun . He took more time aiming . He hit the target that time .	My dad was a police officer . He had a gun hidden in the house . One time , I found the gun and started playing with it . My dad found out and grounded me . I realized that I should n't play with guns .	PERSON wanted a hunting rifle . He went to the gun store . There , he selected a rifle and took it to the counter . But PERSON had forgotten his ID ! The cashier would n't sell Tim the gun with no ID .	PERSON was working at a convenience store . A man came in and pointed a gun at him . He demanded all the money from the register . PERSON grabbed the gun from the robber . He pistol-whipped the robber and called the cops !	PERSON was planning a road trip with her friends . Her father did n't want her to be without protection . He insisted on giving her a gun and training her in its use . PERSON was nervous handling it , but eventually became proficient . She hoped to avoid using it , but was glad it was there just in case .	The cop pulled over the man . The man pulled out a gun . The cop took cover . The man shot at the cop . The cop was able to wait until he ran out of bullets .	PERSON really enjoyed toy guns . One day his dad got him a real gun . He then practiced shooting every day . Now he is a sniper in the military . PERSON is the best sniper around !	My son-in-law 's aunt S moved in with his mother . S was having trouble paying her rent and was evicted . She is a NYC school cop . My daughter just found out S has a gun . She expressed concerns to her husband .	PERSON was angry that he had caught his girlfriend cheating . He went to the gun store to buy a gun . He planned to shoot and kill his cheating wife . But the store owner said he had to wait three days to get his gun . PERSON calmed down by then and decided not to kill his wife after all .
quitting	The company was over their budget . They told their managers to cut cost . The managers reduced hours for the staff . The staff morale went down . Some of the staff decided to quit .	PERSON wanted to quit smoking . He could never find the determination to quit . PERSON got bad news from the doctor . He had early signs of heart disease . PERSON had a reason to quit .	PERSON decided that smoking was n't good for his health . He tried using the patch . He still wanted to smoke . PERSON decided he should try something else . He took up yoga which seemed to help .	PERSON had been coughing every morning for weeks . One of her friends suggested that it might be due to smoking . PERSON decided to switch from cigarettes to electronic cigarettes . She set a quit smoking date and purchased the electronic cigarettes . After three weeks of electronic cigarettes , her cough subsided .	PERSON absolutely hated her job . Each day was worse than the one before and she was unhappy . After she arrived at work one morning , she decided to make a change . PERSON quit her job that same day and called her friend to tell her . Her friend was happy for her and now they run their own shop together .	I had a job where the boss made us pay for things people would steal . This made me very frustrated . Talking to my boss did no good . He did n't care that what he was doing was illegal . I decided to quit that job .	I smoked cigarettes for twenty years . I struggled to quit . My grandmother died of lung cancer . I knew I needed to quit . I finally stopped cold turkey .	PERSON plays football . He has been playing only for a few years . His team has never won a game . PERSON wants to quit because they never win . He has decided to finish the season and reevaluate next season .	PERSON was always a hard worker but his boss never seemed to notice . His boss was usually preoccupied with goofing off . The department was falling behind so the boss chose to blame PERSON . PERSON explained how he was always staying late but the boss did n't list . PERSON quit the next day .
PERSON gets a cat	PERSON was a kid . He always wanted a pet . His parents told him he was too young . PERSON finds a cat while playing in the yard . He keeps the cat without his parents knowledge .	PERSON had visited the pet store at the mall twice in the past week . There was the cutest kitten there . He finally worked up the courage to ask his mom if he could have it . His mom agreed , and PERSON was ecstatic ! The next day they went together and bought the kitten .	PERSON realizes that his life is increasingly lonely . Other than his trips to the grocery store , he rarely sees anyone . He decides a pet may help him stay happy . PERSON decides to adopt a kitten . Now that he has a cat , PERSON feels much less lonely than before .	PERSON was going for a walk outside . She spots a lost cat near a bench . She decides to take him back home and see if she was lost . Weeks went by and nobody claimed the cat . PERSON decided to keep him as a member of her Family .	PERSON wanted a cat since she was a little girl . PERSON 's mother is allergic to cats , so she could never have one . PERSON waited 20 long years until she finally moved out . After finding her own home she went to the shelter and found a kitten . She brought the kitten home , named her PERSON , and loved her every day .	PERSON was in middle school She loved cats so . Much She begged her mom for weeks for one She did all the chores around the house and anything her mom asked Her mom was appreciative and let PERSON get a cat	PERSON had always wanted to have a pet . He decides to buy a pet cat . PERSON loves his new cat . He feels less lonely now that he has a cat . He is glad that he got a pet .	PERSON has been wanting a new pet . His dog had recently passed away . While in the pet store he sees a pretty cat . He decides to buy it and take it home . PERSON loves his new cat .	PERSON wanted to get a cat to keep him company . He drove to the pet store on the weekend . At the pet store he saw many cute cats . He bought a black one . Now PERSON is happy with his cat , PERSON .
change of plans	One of my friends used to be an illegal immigrant in the LOCATION . Upon returning from his first international trip , he was deported . He was sent to LOCATION where he had lived formally for a few years . He did n't realize it but this was good for him in a few ways . He eventually found a job he loved in his new home .	PERSON invited his friends to his house on Friday . When Friday arrived , PERSON totally forgot about his plans . However , he decided to go out to eat . His friends called him since they could n't get into the house . PERSON ignored the messages since he totally forgot about his plans .	PERSON made plans with PERSON to watch a movie on Friday . As soon as he approached the theater , he waited for her . A few hours have passed and she still did n't show up . While building up frustration , PERSON left and visited another friend . They spent the rest of the day playing basketball .	I tuned in to watch some television shows . However , there were no interesting channels on . Instead of waiting for a good channel to come , I took off the TV . I tried to exercise in the gym . A few friends came and we had a good time .	The group got together in front of the ice skating ring . When we tried to open the front door , it would n't open . The janitor told us that the place is closed for today . However , PERSON proposed that we should get something to eat . Therefore , I drove everyone to a nearby restaurant .	PERSON was looking forward to going to the lake today . However , she saw that it was going to rainy today . Upset , she thought about other things she could do today instead . She called a few of her friends and asked them to come over . PERSON and her friends spent the rest of the day watching movies .	The vacation had been planned for over a year . A civil uprising occurred while they were en route . They had to change their plans at the last minute . The tour company worked with them to plan a new trip . They ended up in a country they knew nothing about .	PERSON did not think her brother would be in the championship . So she scheduled a date with her friend . But then she decided to go to the game . So she cancelled the date . Then she decided not to go to the game .	PERSON needs to buy craft supplies to finish a project . She goes to the craft store and picks out her supplies . She stands in line to pay for her items . As she is waiting , a friend steps up behind her in line . She decides lunch with a friend sounds more fun than crafting today .
baby shower	My daughter went to a baby shower two weeks ago . She lives in LOCATION LOCATION , while the shower was in LOCATION . She took a flight on Saturday . She attended the shower on Sunday and took a red eye home that night . She was very tired but pleased to see her friends in LOCATION .	PERSON was having a baby . She was excited that it was her first . Her friends decided to throw her a surprise shower . When PERSON walked in the door , her face was completely shocked . She was so happy about the shower .	PERSON was so excited for her baby shower . She had been through so many months of being pregnant . She just wanted a day to relax and see all her friends . She had such a wonderful day and was showered with all these gifts . She thanked everyone and went home to relax and wait for the baby .	PERSON was having a baby shower . She invited her mom , hoping she would attend . Her mom said that she would be working that weekend . Instead , her mom drove a friend 's daughter to a college interview . PERSON found out on Facebook , and was heartbroken .	PERSON decided to throw a baby shower for expected baby girl . She bought invitations and invited all of her friends . She got decorations , and ordered a cake for the event . She bought a new dress to wear to the shower . On the day of the shower , her friends and family gave her many gifts .	PERSON woke up and got ready for a baby shower in her honor . She made haste getting ready because the shower was an hour away . She got in the car with plenty of time to spare . However , on the way she lost a tire . She replaced the tire and made it to the shower only 15 minutes late .	PERSON 's company instituted a generous maternity leave . She joked to co-workers that she 'd be starting a family now . The next week , PERSON heard her co-workers planning a baby shower . When she did n't get an invitation , PERSON was miffed . PERSON felt mortified when the shower recipient turned out to be her .	PERSON was having a baby . Her friends threw her a shower . PERSON had a miscarriage right before . She had to cancel the shower . Everyone was saddened .	PERSON was having a baby shower . Yet she did not tell her friends what she was having . She kept it a surprise . Therefore when they found out she was having a boy they freaked . Everyone was very excited .
bad smell	PERSON lived next to a dumpster . She never thought much about it until one particular day . She got home from work and noticed a horrible odor . She could not figure out what it is . The dumpster had not been emptied for a whole week .	PERSON got a new job . His coworkers noticed he smelled bad . PERSON was n't aware of it . The co workers kept dropping hints . PERSON eventually figured out what they were trying to tell him .	PERSON 's apartment smelled bad . He was n't sure why . He tried to cover up the smell . Several air fresheners were n't enough . Eventually PERSON got used to the smell .	PERSON smelled something horrible in her house . She searched everywhere for the source . She could n't figure out what it was . She finally checked her brother 's gym bag . It was his stinky shoes .	PERSON 's apartment started to smell bad . He noticed it was coming from his trash-can . He had just changed out the bag . PERSON realized something spilled in it and created the smell . PERSON had to wash the trash can .	LOCATION came home and smelled something bad . She could not figure out what it was . She searched the house everywhere . She finally noticed her brother 's gym bag . It was his stinky basketball shoes .	PERSON noticed a bad smell in the apartment . His roommate had two cats . She had n't cleaned out their cat litter . PERSON was annoyed and asked her to do so . She reluctantly agreed .	PERSON moved into a new apartment . After a while he noticed a bad smell . He could never place it . He had to have professionals go in and find it . They located the problem and fixed it .	PERSON 's apartment smelled terrible . She sought the source of the odor . She checked the trash cans , to no avail . She checked for rotting food , but found none . It turned out that an orange was rotting underneath a kitchen cabinet .
spelling bee	I was in a very big spelling bee when I was a kid . The night before the spelling bee I was very nervous . I was so nervous that I could n't sleep . Instead of trying to sleep I studied words to spell . I was so tired that I fell asleep during the spelling bee .	PERSON was a really good speller . He decided to join the spelling bee . He went against other really good spellers . PERSON got third place . It gave him confidence to study more for next time .	PERSON studied for weeks before the spelling bee . On the day of the bee , she was very nervous . She took her place at the front of the auditorium . She spelled all her words correctly and won . PERSON became her school spelling bee champion .	Priya was a contestant in the spelling bee . She was nervous about competing . She had been studying for a while . When it was her turn , she spelled her words correctly . Priya ended up winning the entire spelling bee .	PERSON was always a good speller . He decided to enter his high-school 's spelling bee . He made it all the way to the finals . He got third place . It was much better than anybody expected .	PERSON was terrible at spelling . PERSON had to participate in a spelling bee next week . PERSON was determined to improve and practiced every day . On the day of the spelling bee , PERSON fainted on stage ! PERSON decided she would try again at next year 's spelling bee .	PERSON won every spelling bee when she was in fourth grade . Now she was in fifth grade . The words would be much harder . She learned new words all summer to prepare . At the first spelling bee in fifth grade she knew every word !	PERSON was in his school 's spelling bee . He had a pretty good chance to win . He started getting nervous toward the end . Yet he was skilled enough for it not to matter . PERSON easily took first place .	PERSON was doing great in her classroom spelling bee . She did so well she went on to compete against the whole school . PERSON was only in the 5th grade and intimidated by the older kids . When there was only PERSON and one other girl PERSON misspelled her word . Her class was sad , but PERSON was relieved to be out of the competition .
shy	I 've always been shy , and I could never bring myself to be social . I 'd shake in fear as I 'd approach a new group of people I did n't know . But one day , I was finally sick and tired of being so unhappy . I approached them , and began to conversate and they all liked me . Sometimes you have to scatter your seed in order for things to grow .	My niece started her second year of college last week . One of her courses started today . She is not very outgoing . She sat in the last roll . She hopes she wo n't get asked any questions .	PERSON was always a very shy girl . The summer before high school , she decided it was time to change that . She went to classes on extroversion and sociability . She learned how to make friends and act outgoing . When she started high school , PERSON had no problems making friends !	Shy was starting college . She was nervous but excited . She wondered if she would like her classes . On her first day , she met many new friends . Shy realized she would love college , after all !	PERSON was very shy . Her classmates assumed she was snobby . But then one kind girl got to know her . It turned out that PERSON was just nervous and easily intimidated . Soon the kind girl helped PERSON make many new friends !	PERSON was very shy around girls . He practiced talking at home . Soon he had enough courage to approach a girl . To his shock , she smiled and kept talking to him ! PERSON was proud of himself for overcoming his shyness .	Shy wanted to be a mommy very badly . But she was n't married , and she did n't plan to ever marry . Then she talked it over with an adoption agency . They matched her with a couple who were happy to help her be a mom . And right months later , Shy was holding her new baby girl in her arms !	PERSON was interested in science . He participated in the science fair . He had a great project , but he was very shy . He could n't speak up when asked to explain his project . He did n't win the prize because he was too shy .	PERSON had been being mean to the new boy in her class . Then a bully began picking on PERSON . She now knew how the boy felt . PERSON realized she should stop being mean . She realized she should also apologize to the new boy .
lost and found	PERSON had lost his cellphone . He searched for hours every where . He decided to call his school . The secretary looked in the lost in found at his school . She found the exact phone he was looking for .	I found a wallet in the parking lot of the grocery store . The wallet contained money and credit cards . I took the wallet to the store manager . She paged the person whose name was on the credit cards . I was able to return the wallet to its owner .	Last winter , my son lost his cell phone . We searched everywhere and could n't find it . A few months later , my husband found the phone in the snow . We dried it out in rice for a couple of days . It turned back on and has worked great ever since .	PERSON decided to go out for a walk . While walking she noticed the same fliers on different poles . She pulled one down to get a closer look at it . It was a flier for a missing dog with a reward . During her walk PERSON found the dog and returned it to it 's owner .	While walking down the street , PERSON found a wallet in the grass . She opened it and found the ID of a man named PERSON . She searched the internet and messaged him about what she found . They ended up emailing a lot in the days before they could meet . When she returned the wallet , he asked her out and they fell in love !	It was a few weeks after settling into a new house . My cat went missing for almost two weeks . I posted flyers with his picture . No one responded to the lost posters . After 13 days a dirty , skinny cat was finally home .	PERSON 's dog Spot ran away one day . She printed posters and put them around the neighborhood . The next day , someone found Spot at the park . They called the number on the poster . PERSON was very happy that her dog was safe and sound .	I was frantic when my dog ran away . I immediately called my neighbors to see if they had seen him . No one had , so I put up posters around town with his name and picture . Someone called me about an hour later to say he was in her yard . When I picked him up , he jumped all over me and gave me doggy kisses .	PERSON walked in and began unloading the groceries . He threw his keys on the counter and reached for his wallet . He was alarmed to discover his wallet was n't in his back pocket . He drove all the way back to the store , certain he had left it there . While exiting the car , however , he saw it sitting on the floorboard .
fire alarm	PERSON was making food . He accidentally burned some of it . It created a lot of smoke . His smoke alarm went off . He had to manually turn it off .	One time , the fire alarm went off in my dorm . My roommate said he would throw a pie at whoever set it off . A firefighter came and told us that burnt popcorn set off the alarm . My roommate was the one who burnt the popcorn . After we went back inside , we watched as he threw a pie in his face .	I was getting ready to leave my hotel room for the day . Suddenly the fire alarm went off . I left my room and headed to the stairs . The alarm stopped before I got outside . I was relieved that it was only a drill .	PERSON was making dinner . She liked her food cooked well . It created a lot of smoke . PERSON 's smoke alarm went off . She had to take the battery out .	PERSON cooked some pasta . He left the pot on too long . The pasta burned . The fire alarm went off . Everyone ran from the building .	In 2008 our condo fire alarm went off . It was 1 AM , and the alarm was very loud . The firefighters came and said everything was ok . They could not turn off the alarm , however . The property manager had to come from NH to MA to turn it off .	PERSON was sleeping . His fire alarm woke him up . There was an electrical fire that grew out of control . PERSON freaked out and ran out . He was safe but lost most of his possessions .	A fire alarm went off in the building today . The alarm was loud . The fire doors slammed shut . Two fire engines responded . Luckily it was only smoke from cooking , and the alarm was reset .	Three weeks ago my wife and I had coffee on the bench . We spent a half hour sitting outside . As we went back , the doors closed because of a fire alarm . Many residents came outside and waited for the fire engines . There was a CO leak , and we did not get back in for an hour .
oranges	PERSON loved oranges . She really wanted to buy some for her friends . She went to the store . She bought a huge pack . She shared it with them .	PERSON had a friend who was blind . His friend had never had a LOCATION orange before . PERSON tried to describe how the orange tasted . PERSON was unsuccessful as the venture is impossible . PERSON 's blind friend ate the fruit to learn its taste .	Sue loved oranges . She would eat them all the time . One day during the holidays she was given an orange made of chocolate . It was confusing at first to her . But she ended up liking orange flavored chocolate even more .	PERSON decided to go to an orange orchard today . She 's been looking forward to this trip all month . She was given a basket to fill to her heart 's content . She spent two hours picking out the best oranges she could find . She went home with a basket filled to the brim with oranges .	I decided to go to vacation in LOCATION . I visited an orange farm in LOCATION . I asked a farmer if I could try one of the oranges . He picked an orange fresh from the tree ! It was the most tasty orange I had ever had .	PERSON and PERSON were roommates . PERSON had planned on going to the store . PERSON asked PERSON if he needed anything from the store . PERSON replied he needed oranges . PERSON brought home oranges from the store .	I was hungry for fruit . I decided to go shopping . I bought some oranges . When I got home I realized they were moldy . I cried in frustration .	PERSON sold oranges . He sold them on the street . One day a car came and smashed his orange basket . All of the oranges were destroyed . However the driver decided to buy all of the destroyed oranges .	PERSON wanted to be healthier . He also loved delicious foods . He decided to eat more fruit . He went to the store . He bought a lot of oranges .
savings	PERSON had no retirement savings . She started to invest in her 401K . She contributed as much as she could . In 10 Years , she had caught up . She was on track to retire !	Parents opened a savings account for their daughter . She saved her pennies . They deposited it every Friday . She began to see it grow . She bought a toy with her money .	PERSON tried really hard to save money . But there was always something he wanted to buy . At the grocery store , he ended up buying candy in the checkout line . And a week later , he did n't have money for enough food . PERSON decided to drink alcohol and ended up homeless .	PERSON and his three friends made a movie . They made a lot of money . PERSON 's three friends went broke and wondered how PERSON did not . His friends asked him how he stayed wealthy . PERSON informed them that he saved everything .	PERSON wanted a new Lego set that he had seen at the toy store . He knew that his parents would n't give him the money . PERSON decided to save his chore money so that he could buy it himself . He worked and saved for several weeks until he finally had enough . That night he proudly showed his parents the new toy he had earned .	PERSON wanted to save enough money for a new car . Every paycheck , she set aside twenty dollars . She put the money in a savings account and never touched it . After one year , she had earned enough to buy the car she wanted . PERSON was so proud of herself and her saving ability !	PERSON was an author . PERSON had no savings . PERSON needed his next book to sell well . His next book sold well . PERSON contributed to his savings accounts significantly .	Oni worked hard to save money . She decided to start college funds for her sons , PERSON and PERSON . She saved every dollar she could . When PERSON and PERSON turned 18 , Oni was so proud . She could afford college for both of them - entirely !	PERSON decided to always have at least $ 600 in his bank account . But he wanted to buy something . Afterwards , he decided he would always have at least $ 500 . Eventually , his account balance became lower and lower . PERSON was left with no money .
birthday party	PERSON was invited to her cousin 's birthday party . However , on the day of the party , PERSON got sick . PERSON was very sad that she could not go to the party . PERSON 's cousin heard that she was sick , and decided to visit her . PERSON was touched that her cousin came to see how she was feeling .	Our granddaughter PERSON turned two this April . Her mom threw a birthday party for her . Many relatives came and brought gifts . When the cake came she was afraid of the candles and cried . She got better after opening the gifts and eating cake .	I remember when we celebrated my 18th birthday it was so fun . I invited all my friends and they all attended . As i enter the stage i feel so beautiful and stunning . They made me feel that it was my big day . After the party , i opened all my gifts and i love them all .	PERSON had to work on her birthday . She was very upset about it . She could n't wait to get off of work . When she got home , there was a surprise waiting for her . All of her friends had planned a surprise birthday party for her .	I invited 20 friends to my 17th birthday party . The party was at my house . Once the party started only 10 people were there . I called one friend who informed me everyone else was another party . I was extremely hurt .	I went to a children 's birthday party . First , I had some cake . Next , I played with some of the kids . After , I gave the birthday boy his present . Lastly , I went home .	PERSON had a birthday party . She was turning 40 . All of her friends came . Her friends chipped in for a car . PERSON literally fell to the floor in shock .	PERSON 's birthday party was yesterday . His parents threw a big party for him . They invited all his friends . They had all kinds of food . It was a really fun party .	Today is PERSON 's birthday party . We head to the store to get the cake . We go to get the balloons . Next we set everything up for the party . We are all set for friends to arrive .
sand	PERSON sat on the swing at recess crying . A girl had thrown sand in her eyes . PERSON had no idea why the girl threw the sand . She was hurt , and confused by the act . PERSON 's friend June decided to tell a teacher about the incident .	LOCATION went to the beach with his family . The wind began to blow . A grain of sand blew into LOCATION 's eye . PERSON began to cry from the pain . PERSON 's mom tried to help get the sand from his eye .	PERSON went for a walk on the beach . He walked barefoot so he could feel the sand on his feet . When he was ready to go , he put his sneakers back on . At home , he took his sneakers off and lots of sand fell out . PERSON got a broom and swept up the sandy floors .	PERSON had been tripped by a bully . She had fallen into the sand . Now she lay there , face down in the sand . She knew she needed to get up . But she was n't prepared to face the embarrassment .	One day PERSON went to the beach with her mother . PERSON went straight to the largest pile of sand . PERSON did not see the large wave coming towards her . PERSON was hit by the wave and pushed into the pile of sand . From then on , PERSON always watched the waves carefully .	My husband bought a pile of sand to go under our pool . The sand did n't work as well as he thought it would . He decided not to use much of it . He left the sand in a large pile in our yard . Now we have the biggest sandbox in the neighborhood !	We went to the Beach last week . The baby love to play in the sand . I could not believe it when she started to eat the sand . I rushed to wash it out of her mouth . I believe she had already swallowed some .	PERSON went to the beach . He laid down in the sand . There were a lot of grains of sand he could see . He tried to count them . He failed because there was too much sand .	PERSON and PERSON went to the beach . They had fun in the sun . PERSON decided to build a sand castle . PERSON went to work and exerted himself to build a sandcastle . PERSON eventually build an incredible sand castle and impressed PERSON .
drunk	PERSON liked to drink . One day , he drove when he was drunk . He drove right through a red light . He hit someone who was crossing the road . The person he hit died a few days later .	PERSON and his girlfriend drank . They got too drunk . His girlfriends mother saw them . She called the cops . The cops knew everything was fine and left .	PERSON was out drinking with `` friends '' in his house . He got too drunk . He ended up passing out in his house . His so called friends stole from his house . He lost $ 1000 worth of material .	PERSON got suspended from college . He was getting in trouble for drinking . He went back to his house . He did not know what to do . He had to get a job .	The boys were ten Year 's old and thought they were cool . One night they opened a bottle of sparkling apple cider . They put it in a brown paper bag and pretended it was wine . They burped and tripped and pretended to be drunk . That night , they were the coolest ten year olds ever .	PERSON was sick of PERSON acting crazy after having a drink . She decided she was going to teach her a lesson . PERSON gave PERSON orange juice , telling her there was alcohol in it . PERSON drank it and immediately acted drunk . PERSON told her there was no alcohol in it and PERSON was humiliated .	I turned 21 last week . I went to a bar for the first time . I got drunk and had a great time . But in the morning , I was very hungover . I decided not to drink any more .	PERSON was watching TV in the living room . There was a knock on the front door . The police were at the door with her drunk teen brother . The boy had been busted at a party with other teens drinking . PERSON knew he was going to be in big trouble .	PERSON was drunk at the bar one night . She decided to drive home . She made it most of the way safely . But then , near home , she struck another vehicle . PERSON was arrested for drunk driving .
pokemon	I was walking along and playing Pokemon Go on my phone . Then I saw several people run towards a field . I followed them , thinking that it was a Poke Stop . It turned out to be a car accident in which someone had died . Uninterested in the accident , I resumed playing Pokemon Go .	All the kids in my city are playing Pokemon . They have been passing by my house , which is a hot spot . Two young boys were walking one way , a girl another . They were staring at their phones , oblivious . The three ran into each other and one started bleeding .	The kids decided to go find some Pokemon . They charged their phones and set out to find some . They went to all the Pokestops in their neighborhood . They caught a few common Pokemon . They decided to meet up the next day to try again .	At first my daughter was hesitant about Pokemon Go . I talked her into trying Pokemon Go just once . We went to the park and I walked with her while she played . She caught her first Pokemon and then she wanted to catch more . Now we share an activity that lets us both get some exercise .	I downloaded Pokemon Go onto my smart phone . I was playing the game at a beach early in the morning . I was chasing Pokemon along the beach and into the water . Suddenly , I noticed that there was a dead body beside me . I called the police and they came to investigate .	PERSON checked his phone . He saw a rare pokemon spotted at the park . He ran as fast as he could . He checked again . It was just an Eevee .	My nephews wanted to play Pokemon go . So we headed out to walk around . I shared the phone so they could both do it . They loved being able to catch the different ones . They wanted to know when we could go again .	PERSON loved playing Pokemon Go . She decided to take a walk so she could play . While she was crossing the street , PERSON saw a pokemon on her screen . PERSON was almost hit by a car as she walked into traffic . She decided to only play on the sidewalk from now on .	PERSON had been walking all day . She was determined to catch some Pokemon . She had about a dozen already but wanted more . She collected a few before going back home . Her collection was growing quickly !
the house	PERSON decided to build a house . Using existing plans , he added a foundation and framed it . Next he added walls , a door , and a roof . He followed the plans to the letter . When it was done he realized he had built a dog house .	It was time for the Smiths to buy their first home . They researched and found just the right neighborhood . They looked at many houses but could n't agree on one . Finally they found the perfect house for their new family . Tomorrow is move-in day .	PERSON drove to a new house . She looked at it with a Realtor . She told the Realtor it was n't for her . She thanked the Realtor for showing her the house . She drove home .	Tim always wanted to build a house . He saved up money to buy a good plot of land . He designed the layout himself . It was n't until he met an architect that he realized why he could n't . Instead he payed someone else to do a better job .	PERSON was house shopping . He narrowed it down to three houses . He looked at them all . He discussed options with the realtor . He could not make up his mind on which one .	PERSON died and left her house to her grandkids . They were very happy to have it . They were going to sell it and keep the profits . It took almost a year to get the house sold and get money . They were so relieved to finally have the money .	PERSON bought a house . He took out a loan against his credit . Unfortunately , PERSON could not afford to pay back the loan . The creditors foreclosed his house . PERSON became homeless .	PERSON bought a house . He also bought paint so he could paint the house . He climbed on the ladder and painted the house . The house now has a new coat of paint . PERSON is very proud of his work .	The teens went into the abandoned house . The house was really scary . The sounds in the house scared the teens . The teens jumped . The teens ran out of the house in fear .
the diet	Jasmine felt really bad and disappointed in herself . Her wedding was six months away and she could n't fit in her dress . Jasmine decided to bunker down and committed to lose the weight . She ate right and went to the gym everyday for weeks on end . When her wedding day came , no one could believe how great she looked .	LOCATION wanted to lose twenty pounds . He went on a strict diet . He did n't allow himself to eat any junk food . He kept working at it and soon had lost thirty pounds ! LOCATION was so proud to have passed his goal .	PERSON realized he was overweight and decided to go on a diet . He bought some sugar-free cream that was 10 calories a serving . Every day he would pour this cream into his coffee . After a month he found out that he gained 10 pounds . The label said it was 100 calories , not 10 , thanks to a smudge on it .	PERSON was trying to lose weight . She went on a strict diet . PERSON lost ten pounds in the first month . She was inspired to do even better . She continued to diet for five more months .	PERSON went to get a coffee . He was on a diet to lose weight . PERSON caught the smell of the donuts freshly laid out on display . He knew he was on a diet , but they smelled so good . PERSON decided his diet would start tomorrow .	PERSON was trying to lose weight . She went on a new diet . It was very strict about what she could eat . It allowed her to eat all the potatoes she could stand , however . PERSON gained twenty pounds in a month .	Today was the first day of PERSON 's diet . He went almost all day without eating . He only ate something small in the morning . He was quite hungry but sort of enjoyed the feeling . He was usually so full that being hungry was a new feeling for him .	PERSON went to the bathroom to weigh himself . The scale said he was 20 pounds overweight . That moment PERSON told himself he will commit to a diet . He stopped eating junk food and began to exercise . The next time he weighed in he had lost 5 pounds .	PERSON was beginning to gain weight . He went to see the doctor . The doctor recommended a diet to PERSON . PERSON carefully followed the diet . He began to lose weight .
scary movie	PERSON watched a scary movie . He excitedly told his friends about it . They all went out and watched it too . Nobody else found it scary . PERSON 's movie views were never taken seriously again .	PERSON was up late at night . He was trying to watch a movie . He picked one that was too scary . It gave him nightmares . PERSON wound up staying up even later because of it .	PERSON had a girlfriend named PERSON . PERSON took PERSON to a scary movie . PERSON was very spooked by the movie , jumping several times . PERSON clung to PERSON throughout the whole show . PERSON loved the fact that PERSON felt safer by being close to him .	PERSON decided to watch a scary movie She was skeptical that it would be scary enough . Yet when she turned it on she frightened . She decided to turn it off . That was enough for her .	PERSON 's friends invited her to the movies . They wanted to see a new horror movie . PERSON was scared but she went anyway . Her friends teased her when she got scared . PERSON got upset and went home early .	PERSON rented what he thought was an action movie . He let his kids watch it alone . PERSON had accidentally gotten a scary movie . His kids were freaked out by it . PERSON had to stop playing it mid way .	PERSON was watching TV when she found a scary movie . She and her brother watched the whole film . They each pretend not to be afraid . When it was time to sleep PERSON was scared to go into her room . She fell asleep hiding under her bed with a flashlight .	PERSON and Joy went to see a movie . They decided to see a horror film . The movie was scarier than they thought . They ran out of the theatre room in fear . The girls decided to see a comedy instead .	PERSON and PERSON were on the way to a scary movie . PERSON tried to scare PERSON when they got out of the car , it did n't work . The movie was very scary and PERSON was terrified . After the movie they were walking back to the car talking . PERSON tried to scare her again , and she jumped and screamed !
stairs	We like to climb stairs . We climb them everyday . Sometimes we fall . Today we tried to climb a lot of stairs . We made it all the way to the top .	PERSON decided to take the stairs to her office at work . The first few floors were easy enough . By the 5th floor PERSON was panting . Since it was only 6 floors she thought it would be easy . When PERSON arrived at her desk she was panting and sweating .	PERSON lived under a staircase . he lived with his uncle , who does n't care for him . He later on received a letter . The better gave him full scholarship to a school He took it with a heartbeat	My five year old brother slid down the stairs on a mattress . He screamed with delight as he flew down . At the bottom he ran into the wall . He hit his head and started bleeding . He had to go get eight stitches .	PERSON raced down the stairs . His foot slipped out from under him . He crashed head first into door . His head started bleeding . He went to the doctor 's office to get the wound closed .	PERSON was an athlete . PERSON had to frequently climb stairs at his work . PERSON decided to skip stairs for exercise . PERSON began skipping stairs regularly . PERSON saw his fitness improve noticeably .	PERSON hating walking up the stairs every day . He knew it was good exercise but it annoyed him . One day , he stopped walking up the stairs . He grew fat and could not do a lot of stuff . Then , he began exercising to lose weight again .	One night my friend called me crying . She was walking down the street in LOCATION when someone pushed her . She fell down a flight of cement stairs and split her head . The assailant did not attempt to take anything and fled the scene . My friend needed 6 staples in her head .	Last week I visited my friend at his new apartment . The elevator was broken . He lived in the 14th floor . I decided to walk up the stairs . By the time I got there I almost fainted and they had to help me in .
new headphones	I needed some new headphones . I saw them at the store for nine dollars . The cashier insisted that they were fifteen dollars . I got the manager . The manager gave me the headphones for nine dollars .	PERSON ordered new headphones online . He waited for a week for them to arrive . Once they were delivered , he opened up the box and wore them . PERSON selected a rock album to listen to first . He loaded up the album and listened with his new headphones .	PERSON loved listening to music . He always used the headphones that came with his phone . A friend advised him to get better headphones . PERSON searched for a reasonably priced pair . He was blown away by the difference in sound .	PERSON bought some new headphones . She had loved them . PERSON took them everywhere . Finally they broke . She had to buy some more .	PERSON was listening to his favorite music . He just got a new pair of headphones . He loved the audio quality on his headphones . He was so busy listening to music that he missed his bus stop . His mom picked him up in the next town .	I broke my old earbuds by dropping them . For once I decided to buy a nicer pair of earbuds . The pair I purchased cost twice as much as my old pair . I could n't detect any difference in sound quality . They lasted a year or two and then I went back to my old brand .	PERSON 's job required her to wear headphones all day . One day her headphones quit working . She had to quickly purchase a new pair so she could continue working . When the new pair arrived she soon found that they hurt her ears . PERSON carefully selected another pair that would better fit her ears .	PERSON keep losing her headphones . So her mom bought her a new pair . Unfortunately she lost those too . PERSON was so mad . She needed to keep a better eye on them .	I was disappointed that my earbuds broke . I therefore proceeded to buy some new ones at the store . I stumbled across a pair that was black and large . They were beats headphones and looked great . I tried them on and they fit perfectly .
PERSON 's dinner	PERSON was hungry and did n't know what to eat . He decided to go get fast food . He put on jacket and headed out the door . The wind hit his face with a mighty chil . He turned around and decided to cook instead .	PERSON was watching a cooking show where they were making steak . PERSON got hungry . PERSON went went to the store to get steak and mushrooms . When PERSON got home PERSON cooked the steak and mushrooms with butter . After PERSON had eaten his delicious PERSON felt satiated .	PERSON was hungry . He went to the grocery store for his dinner . He could n't find anything he wanted . PERSON gave up on grocery shopping . He stopped at a fast food restaurant for dinner instead .	PERSON was hungry , and he really wanted pizza . He called up a pizzeria , but their driver was sick ! So he tried another one , by they did n't deliver . He tried a third , but they had closed early that night ! Finally PERSON bought supplies and made up his very own pizza !	PERSON had a problem , he was a thief . PERSON saw money his mother had left on the table . PERSON took it for snacks . There was no money for dinner . PERSON 's snacks became his dinner .	PERSON did n't have a lot of money until his next paycheck . He really wanted to go eat out with his friends , but he was broke . PERSON told his friends he would join them next time . He went home and ate a sandwich and some chips . He would spend his money more carefully next paycheck .	PERSON thought she would make a nice dinner for her husband . She went to the store and picked up all the ingredients . She went to cook and had burnt the spaghetti noodles . When her husband came home PERSON was crying . He assured her it was okay and they went to a nice buffet instead .	PERSON was disgusted with his dinner . He had thrown a fit when he was supposed to eat it . As a result , it got cold . His father told him he could n't leave the table until it was gone . PERSON might be there for a long time .	PERSON was n't very motivated to cook dinner . He decided to go out to eat instead . He carefully weighed his options . PERSON settled on a local steakhouse . He enjoyed his dinner very much .
the hat	PERSON found this awesome hat on the street . At first she did not know what it was . It had all these bright colors . It looked like a rainbow . It was a cool hat .	PERSON was going hiking . She brought a hat to keep the sun off her face . As she started walking , the hat blew off her head . She chased it down the path . She did n't want to lose that hat !	I wore an elf hat to work one day . My co-worker laughed and said I looked like and elf . I told him that I was going for the elf look . The co-worker asked where I got the hat from . I refused to tell him because I wanted to be the only elf .	PERSON decided she wanted a hat . She went shopping for one . The hat she wanted was too expensive . PERSON decided to save up until she had enough . When she had enough , the hat she wanted was gone .	My friend has a hat . The wind blew his hat away . My friend chased his hat . I chased his hat with him . We caught my friends hat .	The weather was getting colder . The boy looked in his closet for a warm hat . He finally found one and pulled it on . The hat was furry and warm . The boy was happy to have a hat on when it started snowing .	I saw a nice hat at the store this morning . The hat was grey with a big bill . I bought the hat and decided to wear it all day . Many people told me that they liked my hat . I decided to buy another hat so I could have a spare .	PERSON went to Target to buy a new hat . She wanted one like one she saw in a music video . She looked , and looked but they did n't have any like it . She did n't want to buy any other kind of hat . So she left the store with nothing and went home .	PERSON decided to wear a hat today . He took out a ball cap and donned it upon his head . His neighbor made a comment when he walked outside . PERSON tipped his hat and kept going . The neighbor laughed at such a gesture and bowed to PERSON .
nails	My nails were always short and very brittle . They were covered in tiny lines . Because of this , polish would n't stay put . I bought a small fine sanding paper . After sanding down my nails , they were shiny and pretty .	PERSON was a young man . PERSON did not enjoy trimming his nails . PERSON would refuse to trim them . PERSON had a girlfriend , he accidentally scratched her one day . She made him trim his nails , he obliged .	PERSON took great care of her appearance . She wanted to get her nails done . She visited a nail shop . They gave her a great manicure . PERSON was happy with her new nails .	PERSON went to get her nails done . It was her first time . She liked how they looked , but they hurt ! She found that her real nails had been filed down . That was why her nails were so sore .	One night I came home and heard strange noises in my apartment . When I opened the door my roommate was nailing the window shut ! She told me there was a break in at the apartment above us . The assailant fled down the fire escape outside my window ! Our apartment was fine and I moved 2 days later .	It had been months since PERSON had had her nails done . Her nails were starting to look bad , and she knew she needed to go . She was on her way to the salon when a large truck crashed into PERSON and the other driver had to wait hours for the police to arrive . PERSON 's salon day would just have to wait .	PERSON decided to do her friends ' nails to make money for her prom dress . She advertised her services at school . Many girls lined up to have their nails done by her . Soon she had earned over a hundred dollars . PERSON bought a lovely prom dress , and her friends all had lovely nails !	PERSON noticed that his nails had grown long . He cut them as short as possible . And they no longer bothered him . But at dinner , he was n't able to a jar of food . PERSON wished he never cut his nails .	Tee wanted to paint her nails . She borrowed some polish from her mom . Then she applied it carefully . When it dried , she slicked on another coat . Her nails came out beautifully !
trip to LOCATION	Every year my family and I go to LOCATION . We usually stay for the entire summer . We decided to go this year . It was amazingly fun . I ca n't wait to go next year .	It was PERSON 's birthday and she decided to go to LOCATION . She decided to get a bunch of friends together for the trip . They all flew first class together . The trip was amazing and there was no trouble whatsoever . PERSON could n't wait to go back .	PERSON could n't wait to go on a trip to LOCATION . She got tickets last year and was finally going . When she got there however she got sick . She had to lay in bed a long time . The trip was n't good after all .	PERSON and her family took a trip to LOCATION . The family was super excited . They could n't contain their excitement . The moment they got to the park they took pictures . At the end of the day they spent ten hours at the park .	I took a trip to LOCATION . I ate lots of exotic food . However , I lost my plane ticket . After a week of looking , I found it by the bed . I left LOCATION happily .	PERSON wanted to go to LOCATION . She wanted to go to LOCATION LOCATION . When she got there it was great . She absolutely loved it . She could n't wait to go back .	PERSON went to LOCATION . She wanted to go on a trip . When she got there she did n't like it . She thought it was too humid . She wanted to go home .	PERSON wanted to go to LOCATION . Her sister invited her to go with her . PERSON said yes . The two went off together . PERSON wanted to soak it all in .	PERSON wanted to go to LOCATION . She wanted to look at her ancestry . So she decided to have a girls trip . But unfortunately her friends got sick . So she had to cancel the trip and could not go .
rainy day	The boy was playing in the yard . But then it started to rainy . The boy 's mother called for him to come inside . The boy still wanted to play . The boy decided to play video games instead .	PERSON and his family had plans to go to the zoo . When they woke up in the morning it was very cloudy . As soon as they got to the zoo it started raining . They decided to wait in the car until the rain stopped . Two hours later it was still raining and they went back home .	PERSON cleaned her apartment . She did the dishes . She took out the trash . Finally she was done enough to go outside . But then it rained !	A rainy day kept PERSON and her brother inside . They both stared out the window with mopey faces . Their parents walked in the room holding snacks and a board-game . PERSON and her brother lit up with excitement . It was the best rainy day !	PERSON and PERSON were siblings stuck indoors . It was a dreary and rainy day . Suddenly , there was a knock on the door . The sitter arrived . She smiled and revealed several board games and toys .	PERSON was looking forward to going to the park today . Her dog had been wanting to see the other dogs ! PERSON woke up to the sound of rain hitting her window . She sat up and could n't believe it ! It was n't supposed to rainy at all this week !	PERSON likes rainy days the most . He gets to spend time indoors on rainy days . He makes his favorite tea only on rainy days . He also spends time playing video games during rainy days . PERSON often wishes it would rain every day .	I just checked the mail . It was raining outside but I did n't wear a hat . My mailbox was stuffed with junk mail . Thinking quickly I used the junk mail to guard my hair from the rain . Afterwards I threw it right in the trash .	PERSON was excited . He was going to the beach tomorrow . The next morning , when he woke up , he saw that it was raining . PERSON was not able to go to the beach . PERSON was very sad about this .
laser tag	The children waited quietly in the loft of the barn . Two adults were sneaking into the entrance . The children opened fire . The adults vests buzzed . The children had won the laser tag game .	PERSON woke up and realized it was his birthday . He decided to round up his friends . They went to go play laser tag . PERSON had a great time ! PERSON decided to make laser tag a birthday tradition .	I went to play laser tag . If you got hit you had to return to base . You had to recharge your ammo . It was hard to hit people . My team lost .	One day PERSON and his friends went to a laser tag arena . They divided into a yellow team and a blue team . The battle was intense . The yellow team won . Afterward they got pizza .	I took my son into the laser tag game . We had to put on heavy vests . The vests had flashing lights . We ran around shooting at each other in the dark . My son and my team won the competition .	PERSON was invited to his friends party . It was at place where you play laser tag . His mom drove him to the place . He met his friends and they played laser tag . He had a great time .	We went to a building that advertised Laser Tag . We went inside and put on black vests . The vests were glowing with lights . We took our laser guns and got into a battle . Our team won the fight .	PERSON and his son went to play laser tag one day . His son PERSON was only eleven , so PERSON thought he 'd win easily . But PERSON surprised him with deadly aim and speed ! At the end of the day , there was no doubt about the winner . PERSON had to concede that PERSON had won fair and square !	PERSON challenged his sister to a game of laser tag . They walked to the arcade and suited up . Then the game started ! PERSON played valiantly , but so did his sister . In the end , PERSON lost the game !
mouse	We lived in a housing project . The place had mice . One day I saw mouse eating bread on the table . I hit the mouse on the head with a hand broom . I was glad to get rid of this pest .	One day when I was little I saw a mouse . It was trapped in a big goldfish bowl . The bowl was glass so the mouse could not climb out . I told my mother . She drowned the mouse in hot water .	PERSON worked very hard online . He worked from home . He wanted to be able to work faster . He decided his mouse was slowing him down . He bought a unique mouse and improved his work speed .	A woman found a mouse in her kitchen . She was very afraid . She grabbed a broom . She swung the broom . The mouse dodged the broom .	The cat chased the mouse . The mouse ran under the couch . The cat meowed at the couch . The owner lifted up the couch . The cat caught the mouse .	PERSON opened her dresser . She saw a mouse jump out . PERSON shrieked and jumped onto a chair . She waited till her husband came home . She was still waiting on the chair .	The man turned on the light . A mouse got startled . The mouse ran across the living room . The man got startled . The man hid in his room .	PERSON needed a new computer mouse . So he went to the computer store . He found a nice mouse . He bought the nice mouse . PERSON no longer needed a mouse .	PERSON heard rumbling in his home . He followed the sound around the house . He determined it was mice . He set up mouse traps . He killed the mice and no longer heard mice in his home .
yard sale	PERSON was working in his shop and decided he had way too much stuff . While looking through his tools he realized he did not all of them . So he decided to have a yard sale . PERSON made signs and put them up in his neighborhood . The yard sale was a huge success and he has plenty of extra space .	Frank had always been a bit of a hoarder . He valued his possessions and never wanted to get rid of them . But his wife thought the house was too cluttered . She insisted on holding a yard sale . It was hard for PERSON to let go , but he tried to enjoy the new start .	The PERSON family had a yard sale one day . PERSON got rid of her teddy bear from when she was two . It was hard for her , but she got twelve dollars for it . She bought a new shirt with the money . She ended up happy she had sold it .	We are having a yard sale on Saturday . There is a lot of stuff to get rid of . We are going to have to start early . If not we wo n't get everything put out for sale . PERSON said I can keep the money from the sale .	I have too much stuff ! I really need to get rid of some things . I just posted an ad . I 'm having a yard sale . It will be good to have more space .	Sue needed extra money . She decided to have a yard sale . She cleaned out her garage and closets . She found a lot of old stuff to sell . She made over $ 500 at her yard sale .	PERSON wanted to get rid of some of her old items . She decided to put on a yard sale . She got her stuff together outside . Many people came to buy things . She made a thousand at the end of the day .	We went to a community yard sale last week . A friend had recommended that I check out the musical instruments . I saw a few really junky guitars that were way overpriced . As I was leaving , I saw a yard sale across the street with a guitar . It was dirty , but in very good shape for ten dollars , so I bought it !	I went to the first yard sale of the season . They had a few good finds there . I found a nice trinket for my office . My daughter found a few toys . It was a decent sale .
the big test	PERSON studied for his math test all night . He was sure he would do well in it . Unfortunately he studied the wrong chapter . PERSON did terribly on the test . His teacher told him to pay more attention next time .	PERSON has a big exam tomorrow morning . When she wakes up , she realizes she forgot to set her alarm ! With ten minutes to spare , she skips breakfast and runs to school . She arrives just on time and aces the test . From then on , PERSON made sure to always set her alarm .	PERSON had an important exam in the morning . She was worried that she would not do well on the text . She stayed up very late studying . In the morning , she was very tired . PERSON did not do well on the test .	PERSON was nervous about his science test at school the next day . He stayed up all night and studied very hard . He woke up late the next day and did n't have time to eat . He raced to school and sat down nervously . All the studying paid off and PERSON aced his test .	PERSON always got good grades . There was a big test coming up . It would be a big part of his overall class grade . PERSON spent a long time studying . It paid off and he got a good grade .	PERSON knew that the midterm was only a week away . She had not done very well in class , but was determined to do better . She study relentlessly . The day of the big test came . She worked through it all carefully and knew that she aced it .	PERSON studied hard for the big test coming up . She stayed up late for several nights reading over her notes . She got to class early on the day of the test . When she got the test , she worked quickly to get done on time . She got an A on the test and rushed home to tell her parents .	PERSON had a big final coming up . He had been studying for weeks . The test was very important to his grade . He was very committed to doing well . He made sure to put the extra effort in .	PERSON was sure that he could not pass the upcoming test . He was so sure that he decided the was going to cheat and pass . When his teacher was not looking he got the answer sheet from her desk . PERSON wrote all the answers down and took the test that week . His teacher knew he cheated so she changed the test and he failed .
new ipad	PERSON loved her new iPad . She took it everywhere with her . One day she took it to the park . To her dismay the iPad fell out of her hands . It ended up smashing .	PERSON ordered a new ipad . He was excited about finally receiving it in the mail . When he got home , he ran to check the mail . The box was waiting for him . He opened it and his ipad was completely shattered .	PERSON 's laptop broke and she was in desperate need of a replacement . Luckily she found out she could do everything she needed to do on iPad She decided to purchase the iPad mini . After deliberating for a while she went with the silver model . In the end it was a great choice and she was happy .	PERSON decided to get a new ipad She was in the midst of getting the brand new one . As she arrived at the LOCATION LOCATION they were having a sale . PERSON got all excited . She immediately picked up the gold one she wanted .	Yesterday I got a brand new ipad . I absolutely loved it when I opened it . However to my dismay the iPad stopped working . I was horrified . I ended up having to get it fixed .	PERSON wanted a new iPad . She wanted the biggest one . She did not want to settle . So she went and bought one . She was happy with her purchase .	PERSON was thrilled to be getting her first ipad today . She opened the box and immediately plugged it in . As it turned on , she felt elated . For the next three hours PERSON could not stop playing with it . She immediately thanked her boyfriend for buying it for her .	PERSON really needed a new iPad . Her original one was getting old . She needed something to surf on . She decided to drive to the Apple Store . Luckily she picked up a gold one .	PERSON wanted an iPad . She thought it would be great . Finally she convinced her parents to get one . When she opened it up it was perfect . She could n't wait to use it .
singer	PERSON was a beautiful singer . She moved to LOCATION LOCATION to become famous . She worked two part-time jobs to afford her rent . Finally she was hired as a background vocalist for a major artist . PERSON thought her dream was finally becoming a reality .	PERSON sang for the altos in her choir . Then a new instructor took over . He re-tested PERSON 's voice and said she was a soprano ! He placed PERSON in another section of the choir . There , she sang much better !	PERSON wanted to be in a band . He auditioned , but he was nervous . He could not play any instruments . Then they asked him to sing , and they loved his voice . PERSON got to join the band as a singer !	PERSON always wanted to be a singer . She even took singing lessons from a vocalist . Once she perfected her voice she submitted tapes to studios . Her voice recording found its way online become a huge hit . She was offered a record deal from a big name studio .	LOCATION loved to sing . She would sing in the car , in the shower , and with her family . However , everyone thought LOCATION was a bad singer . Often , listeners ' ears would hurt afterwards . However , everyone was too polite to say anything .	I wanted to learn how to sing better . I auditioned to sing for my church choir . The director said my voice was first tenor . I learned how to read sheet music . I am better singer now than I was before I joined the choir .	In the morning the singer would wake up everyday at 7 AM . He would eat his breakfast , workout then get ready for the show . At the show the singer would sing his heart out hoping to get noticed . After the show he goes back to the bus and goes to sleep . When the singer wakes up he follows his same routine .	PERSON wanted to be a singer . But he struggled in his singing class . His friend had an auto tune program for him to try . And PERSON was happy with the results . He quit his singing class and focused on producing electronic music .	The girl was nervous . She was about to go on stage . The host called her name . She went on and performed well . A producer contacted her after an soon she was professional .
baby	PERSON had a miscarriage . She was devastated . After a few months she felt a little better . Soon she conceived a beautiful new baby . PERSON loved her rainbow baby with all her heart !	PERSON loved babies . He thought they were very cute . One day , he saw a baby on the street . He held it until its mother returned . The mother thanked PERSON profusely for helping her out .	The couple tried to have a baby . The woman could not get pregnant . She took fertility pills . She got pregnant with twins . The couple had two babies .	PERSON and PERSON go to the hospital to have a baby . PERSON is in a lot of pain and asks for medication . The doctor tells her it is too late to take anything . PERSON screams and cries as she delivers her baby . PERSON is so glad that it is over and she has her baby .	The baby was very small . He looked up at me with bright blue eyes . He kicked his little feet happily . I could n't help but pick him up . He grinned from ear to ear .	PERSON and Jan had difficulty having a baby . They tried for years and PERSON could n't get pregnant . They both went to the doctor . The doctor said they were normal . They were finally able to have a baby .	PERSON and PERSON wanted a baby . They tried for a few months . PERSON eventually got pregnant . She prepared herself well . She gave birth nine months later !	PERSON found the baby outside on her doorstep one morning . There was no note , just a blanket wrapped around the baby . She took the baby to the hospital to make sure it was healthy . The officials told her she could adopt the baby if she chose . She went ahead and adopted the baby .	Daisy is working in her office when she feels contractions . She calls her husband to let him know that the baby is coming . Her husband rushes to her office to drive her to the hospital . While in the car , Daisy 's water breaks . They reach the hospital and she gives birth to a baby girl .
moving	PERSON moved a lot . He had switched school four times . He never made friends because he knew he 'd leave too fast . After being in LOCATION for two Year 's he finally made his first friend . PERSON 's moving to LOCATION LOCATION next week .	PERSON asked all his friends to help him move . Most came with with excuses . But a few true friends showed up . They got it all done in a few hours . He bought pizza and thanked them all .	PERSON 's mom was getting remarried . She told PERSON that they were moving . On moving day , PERSON helped pack up boxes . He walked through the empty rooms and felt sad . They drove to their new house .	The lease was finished at PERSON 's apartment . She decided to move to a bigger area . She found a nice place to move to . She packed her belongings and moved into her new place . She was very pleased with her new place to live .	PERSON was living in a nice apartment . He had lived there for a few years . He decided it was a time for a change . He searched online for a new apartment and went there to visit . He signed a new lease and moved there immediately .	I was moving into my dorm room across the state . We all took a roadtrip to it with my stuff . It was a long drive so everyone took turns driving . When we were close I navigated my parents to the dorm . After we made it there everyone helped me unpack and they left !	PERSON was moving away with her husband . Her best friend was really sad . She decided to have a huge party . The party was a huge success . PERSON and her best friend had a great time !	PERSON was all excited for the big move . He had spent months planning for this big day . He sold his house and just bought a new one in a better area . He rented a truck and packed it up . When he got the new keys he was overflowing with excitement .	They could n't decide where to move . They wanted a state that provided what they needed . They definitely did n't want to live in the south anymore . They looked and thought for months . They ended up picking LOCATION .
the surgery	PERSON needed a new kidney . He was brought to the hospital for the surgery . He was nervous and excited . When he came out of anesthesia , he was groggy but happy . The surgery had been a success !	PERSON was born blind . He was thirty years old when the doctors told him they could fix it . He went into the surgery scared but excited . After he came out he had to wear bandages on his eyes for days . The first thing PERSON saw was his wife 's face when he took them off .	PERSON was 400 pounds over weight . She was having surgery to help her lose weight . In the first month , she planned on losing 50 pounds . She could n't wait to be healthy enough to go for a long walk . PERSON was determined to follow all of the instructions she was given .	PERSON was recovering . He 'd just had surgery on his back . The next day , he was up and walking around . The doctor told him he could go home that day . PERSON was eager to get better .	PERSON was anxious to have her surgery . She was having weight loss surgery . She checked into the hospital the night before . When it was time to go to the OR , she was very nervous . After the surgery , she woke up and breathed a sigh of relief .	PERSON needed her appendix out . She went to the hospital for surgery . It went smoothly and she woke up quickly . She was relieved it was all over . Within hours , PERSON was up and walking around .	PERSON 's husband was about to go in for a surgery . She was very nervous about the whole thing . Luckily , the nurses explained things well and helped her feel at ease . PERSON said goodbye to her husband and began the long wait . Luckily , he came out of the surgery in great condition .	The girl was in a lot of pain . She 'd just had surgery . They 'd removed her appendix . She walked carefully to her bedroom . She could n't wait to rest !	PERSON had a heart condition . His doctor told him he needed an operation . PERSON ended up getting open-heart surgery . Him and his family was very worried about the operation . It turned out a success and he recovered very well .
cat	PERSON wanted to train her cat . Her brother had a dog that he had trained to roll over and fetch . PERSON therefore decided she could train her cat to roll over and fetch . But she had no luck with either command . PERSON decided cats were not very good at learning commands !	PERSON was an elementary school student . He wanted a dog like his neighbor had . His mother said he could have a cat . PERSON got a cat and loved the cat very much . The cat made PERSON very happy growing up .	PERSON and her brothers were going to pick berries . Her brother forgot to close the door . The neighbors cat went into the house . PERSON tried to catch it before it got in the house . But the cat was too fast for her .	The girl and her mom went to the pet store . She heard an animal crying . She walked up to it . She pet the cat . They then decided to buy the cat .	PERSON wanted me to meet her new kitty . She was n't sure when we 'd have time to meet up so she was sad . I told her we 'd probably have time soon . The next week we both had time to meet ! She was so excited that I got to meet her kitty , and it was cute .	PERSON bought a new kitten . The kitten would claw and tear the couch to pieces . He decided to have the cat declawed . The cat never let him touch his paws again . The cat also never clawed the couch again .	My cat and I moved to a new apartment . I loved my new apartment , but my cat did n't . He would often hide in a closet or under the bed to show his anger . One day , I called for him but could n't find him anywhere . I think he ran away , because I never saw him again .	I have never been a fan of cats . However , one has found its way to my house . It is grey and white and meows every time I go outside . My car is now covered with paw prints . The cat is a nuisance .	Angel is my pet cat . She only drinks water out of a goblet . She is a very spoiled cat . I tried giving her cat food . She refused to eat it and only eats human food !
the bird	A bird flew in through an open window . It flew all around inside and scared many people . A man tried to catch the bird with a net . The little bird was too quick for the man . The bird flew back out the window and escaped .	PERSON was playing outside . All of the sudden , a bird decided to perch on his shoulder . PERSON was excited and took a picture with the bird . The bird suddenly flew away . PERSON realized that the bird defecated on his shoulder .	My mom bought a bird when I was six . It was the meanest bird ever . It would purposely fly out of the cage to attack me . I assumed it would die in a few Year 's . But after 19 Year 's I 'm convinced it 's gon na live forever .	I was woken up by my cat running across me at full speed . He had brought a bird in and let it go so he could chase it . I got up and started chasing it with him . I found a towel and threw it over the bird in mid flight . I then took it outside and let it go unharmed .	While PERSON was out walking in the woods she saw a hurt bird . She decided she should help it . She picked it up and brought it home . PERSON took great care of it and the bird got better . PERSON took the bird outside and it flew back home again .	One day Sue heard a loud bang from her front room . She looked out the window . A bird had flown into the window and knocked itself out . She put the bird in a box so a cat would n't eat it . After an hour the bird flew away like nothing had happened .	PERSON was walking home from school when he saw the strange bird . It was hidden in a potted plant in front of the grocery store . It had an injured wing . PERSON 's dad picked the bird up and took it to the vet . The vet thanked them because they had saved the life of a rare bird .	A bird landed on PERSON 's front stoop . He tweeted loudly and flapped his wings . PERSON came outside to see what the racket was . When she opened the door , the bird flew inside ! PERSON had to swat it with a broom to get it back outside .	There was a strange noise in the laundry room . I opened the door and a bird swooped through . The children screamed as the bird flew crazily from room to room . I got a broom and managed to chase it out an open door . It seemed eerily quiet after all that .
diet	Candy needed to lose a few pounds . She went on a diet . At first it was very hard ! But she got used to healthy eating soon . After a while , losing weight was effortless !	PERSON was very unhealthy for a very long time . Finally we all managed to convince him to go on a diet . He dieted with him and he lost a lot of weight . It was very hard for LOCATION but he kept going ! Now PERSON is no longer unhealthy .	PERSON was constantly being pressured by her mother to diet . Hardly a day went by that her mother did n't comment on her weight . She eventually pressured her into a 12 day juice cleanse . After days of the cleanse , PERSON had enough and came to a decision . It was her body , and her decision whether she dieted or not .	PERSON bought a large hamburger with fries at the drive-through . He felt guilty buying the meal , but he was hungry . Before he entered his home , he parked his car and finished his meal . He threw his trash in the back seat . PERSON did n't want anyone to know he got fast food .	PERSON decided to switch to diet soda . She wanted to reduce her sugar intake . At first the diet soda tasted awful . But gradually , she began to get used to its taste . After a while , PERSON did n't even miss regular soda !	PERSON was always trying to lose weight . She tried every option out there . But then her cousin recommended a new plan . It involved some supplements and a patch . She loved it and thought the results were great .	Peg was on a strict diet . She ate only twelve hundred calories a day . After a month she decided to weigh herself . She held her breath nervously and looked down at the scale . In joy , she saw she had lost nineteen pounds !	PERSON decided she needed to lose ten pounds . She went on a strict diet . She also started exercising . PERSON lost two pounds by the end of week one . PERSON was excited about her progress .	PERSON decided to go on a diet . He planned out all his meals . He ate only the right foods . Then his friends asked him out for pizza . PERSON blew his diet .
kids	PERSON went to the store with her dad . She asked him for a toy . He said no . PERSON threw a tantrum . They had to leave the store empty handed .	The kids were up way past their bedtime . They were sneaking around the house . When one moment they heard footsteps . The children turned back around and hurried back up the steps . It was too late , their dad was waiting there for them .	PERSON made a new club . It was called the kid 's club . Only kids were allowed . However no one joined at all . PERSON happily changed it to the PERSON club .	PERSON wanted to get high before class . She went outside and smoked some weed . She came inside and was immediately questioned . The security asked her why she was outside . She ended up getting detention .	PERSON had never wanted kids - even as a teenager . Her whole life , she had thought they were messy and pricey and dumb . But when she married , she realized her mind had somehow changed . She now ached to be a mommy and raise her own family ! PERSON and her husband decided to start a family right away !	PERSON and his wife had three young children . When she became sick , he became primarily responsible for their care . After she died , he was overcome with grief and unable to care for them . His oldest sister came to help , intending to stay just a year . All three of the children live with her now .	PERSON never wanted kids . One day she fell pregnant . She had a daughter 9 months later . PERSON loved her daughter instantly . She is so happy to have her daughter .	PERSON wants to play with other kids in his class . The kids do n't want to play with PERSON . One day , he brought a really cool toy to school . The kids invited him to play with them . PERSON gladly shared his toy with his new friends .	We took our children to visit sick kids at a local hospital . It is world renowned for it 's care for a particular disease . We took the kids gifts . They smiled and chatted for a long time . We left feeling happy and grateful .
new dress	PERSON found a dress she loved . It fit her like a glove . She went to buy it and it was out of her budget . PERSON decided to have the saleswoman hold it . PERSON told her mom about it and she bought it for it .	PERSON wanted to buy a new dress . She was going to the school dance and wanted to look great . However , she did not have extra money . She did have enough to buy fabric . PERSON designed and sewed a dress and looked fabulous .	PERSON needed a dress for her event . She could not find one anywhere . She finally found the perfect one . However , it was too expensive . PERSON was disappointed she could n't buy it .	PERSON needed a new dress . She knew she did n't need to spend money . She decided to make one instead . She found the perfect fabric and designed one . PERSON 's new dress was perfect .	PERSON needed a new dress for the dance . She knew her family did not have much money . She searched everywhere to find one that was affordable . She finally found the perfect dress . When she went to buy it , it was even on sale .	I wanted a new dress for my doll . My aunt took me to the store . I spent a long time picking one out . I found a beautiful pink dress . She paid for it and teased me about it .	PERSON wanted a new dress . She knew she did n't need one . However , she wanted to impress her friends . She decided to splurge on one anyway . She was happy she did .	PERSON wanted a new dress . She could not afford one . She decided to get a second job . PERSON finally saved up enough . She was able to buy the dress of her dreams .	PERSON needed a new dress for the dance . Her mom promised they would go shopping . PERSON could not find anything . Her mom decided to sew her one . PERSON loved her homemade dress even more .
hungry	PERSON was attended a political event in her hometown . It was projected to be a long day , but PERSON did not pack snacks . PERSON got so hungry she decided to buy lunch out . The meals ended up being very expensive . The next day of the event , PERSON made sure to pack snacks .	PERSON was hungry . She decided to order a pizza . She called the restaurant for a delivery . The pizza delivery man came by with her pizza . PERSON was excited and ate half the pizza .	PERSON did n't like to be hungry . She had had too many mornings without a breakfast as a kid . So when she woke up every morning , she ate two breakfasts . She put on a lot of weight . But she was relieved as she did n't need to fear hunger again .	PERSON was very hungry . she decided to cook for her family . She made a large tasty meal . Her family loved PERSON 's cooking . PERSON was no longer hungry !	PERSON never liked eating lunch . But one day , her stomach was growling in class . She tried to eat food in class . But her teacher caught her . PERSON decided to each lunch from then on .	PERSON was really hungry . She wanted to get up and get a snack . However , her roommate was using the kitchen . PERSON 's stomach hurt from her hunger . She killed her roommate out of impatience .	PERSON was hungry . She skipped breakfast that morning and it was past noon . She decided to get some Mexican food for lunch . PERSON 's mouth watered as she waited for her food . When PERSON 's food arrived , she devoured everything on her plate .	PERSON had been jogging for several miles . And it was hard to keep his mind off of food . He passed by several restaurants during his jog . And he decided to finally eat at one . Starving , PERSON ordered $ 20 worth of burgers and fries for himself .	The man was hungry . He looked for a restaurant . He could not find one that sounded good . He bought two frozen dinners instead . He ate them both .
rock	PERSON loved rock and roll . Her favorite band was playing tonight at a concert . She was going to that concert . She got ready then drove to the concert . She had a good time at the concert .	The boy kicked the rock . The rock came loose . It fell down a hill side . Someone was walking up the hill . The rock almost hit them .	There was a little girl who owned a pet rock . She wanted to take it to school with her . She hid it in her backpack . She then showed all of her friends . Her teacher saw it and took it away forever .	My son made a paperweight for me when he was six . He used a magic marker on a rock . I thanked him and put it aside for years . I suffered a stroke in 2011 and can not use my left hand . I use the paperweight often now to hold things down when I write .	There was an enormous , unsightly rock in PERSON 's garden . He tried unsuccessfully to remove it himself . Begrudgingly , he called to PERSON for help . Happy to oblige , PERSON went over to help him . Together , they accomplished what PERSON himself could not .	PERSON went to visit a famous rock formation in an LOCATION park . He saw that it was a unique shape from millions of years of shaping . He knocked it over . A video caught him doing this . He was charged with a crime against the state park .	PERSON was rocking back and forth in his chair when he heard a crack . He looked down and saw the leg had snapped in the middle . PERSON got some wood glue and filled the crack . He waited patiently for a few days while it set . PERSON happily rocked in his fixed rocking chair .	PERSON kept a pet rock and took it on walks every day . He would pretend to have adventures with it on the walk . His neighbors found the adventures entertaining to watch . Some of them would even walk with him with their own pet rocks . One day a neighbor even gave him a second rock !	I woke up and went outside . I saw a small rock on my doorstep . I picked it up . Someone had painted it with a face . I knew instantly it was the girl next door , and smiled .
the recital	PERSON has been going to dance for 4 months now . She goes twice a week . She has been practicing a lot . She was finally ready for the big recital . She danced her heart out on recital day .	PERSON was nervous about her upcoming oboe recital . She was new to music . She 'd only been practicing for a couple of months . She worked extra hard to get read . When she finished , the audience stood and clapped .	PERSON never practiced his violin . His instructor warned him he needed to practice . It would soon be time for the recital . PERSON did n't know his piece . PERSON was n't allowed to play at the recital .	PERSON had to play his recital . He took his saxophone out of the case . He found out one saxophone pad had fallen . His teacher temporarily fixed it using bubble gum . PERSON could play his recital .	Jasmine had a piano recital in a month . She really wanted to show everyone how well she played . Every afternoon , she would practice all her songs . She played all her songs flawlessly . Everyone applauded loudly and gave her a standing ovation .	PERSON had been practicing for weeks for the dance . She was the lead dancer in the ballet . Recently her toenail had fallen off from all her dancing . Her toe was in terrible shape , battered and bleeding . PERSON still went on and danced perfectly , getting a standing ovation .	PERSON had practiced very hard . She was ready , but very nervous . She got on stage and gave it her all . She played all of her music . Everyone agreed that she played beautifully that day .	PERSON had been practicing for a long time . Today had finally arrived , her big recital . She was nervous , but excited . She began singing and it was lovely . As the crowd cheered PERSON knew all the hard work had paid off .	PERSON was nervous for his first piano recital . At only 5 years old , he was the youngest to perform . PERSON listened to the other 's play their songs and became relaxed . When it was his turn , he took a deep breath . PERSON had the best performance of the night .
the hike	PERSON loved to hike . On her hike she ran into a bear . She was n't sure what to do . She stayed still and quiet . The bear finally ran away .	PERSON and LOCATION went on a long hike in the woods . All of a sudden , a storm came by . They had to take shelter in a cave until it was dark . They had no way to see and had to stay in the cave all night . Now , PERSON and PERSON are more prepared when they go on hikes .	The PERSON family likes going on adventures . They decided to go for a hike . They picked out the perfect trail . They did n't realize how long the trail was . By the time they got back to their vehicle they was so tired .	PERSON loved nature and to hike in the woods . One day she got lost as she went too far with her hike . Then she remembered about landmarks for when you 're lost . She hiked up higher so she could find one she recognized . Thankfully she did and made her way back home safely .	One day I went hiking with my cousin . He had warned me to bring plenty of water . But I only brought one water bottle . After the first mile I was really thirsty . I realized I should have brought more water .	The kids were full of energy . Their grandpa decided to take them on a hike . They walked for hours , up the mountain . When they got to the top , they stopped to appreciate the view . The kids were too tired to hike back !	PERSON met a friendly guy in geology class . He invited PERSON on a hike with more students . They took a three-mile hike up a mountain and stopped at a cliff . The students wanted to climb down the mountain . But PERSON was too afraid he would n't find his way back to the car .	PERSON enjoyed hiking a lot . He decided to go hiking on Saturday . After a couple of hours he got lost . He begun to scream for help . Rescuers came in a couple of hours to save him .	PERSON and PERSON were hikers . They loved to take long walks and explore . Once they found a small puppy who had become lost . PERSON picked up the puppy and carried it with her down the trail . PERSON found the puppy 's owner who became very happy .
haircut	PERSON wanted a haircut . Her hairstylist was n't available . She would try a different stylist . She was nervous about the haircut . After the cut was done , PERSON decided she liked the new haircut .	PERSON really needed a haircut but did n't have much money . She asked her parents , but they did n't have much money either . She came up with an idea to raffle off her radio at school . She sold 85 tickets at a quarter a piece . It was just enough for a haircut , and now she looks swell !	PERSON scheduled a haircut before her big date . She wanted her hair to look nice for the event . Her stylist cut her hair , but made a mistake ! The haircut looked awful . PERSON had to reschedule her big date .	My brother needed a haircut . He went to the barbershop . The barber asked him how short he wanted it . My brother said very short . The barber cut his hair to perfection .	PERSON decided it was time to get a haircut . He called around to some local barbers . PERSON rode his bike to the barbershop . He got his haircut very close and short . PERSON looks like a new person !	PERSON needed a haircut . He went to his barber shop . He decided to get it shaved . Now PERSON looks weird . His mom did n't recognize him .	Yesterday I got a haircut . I told my stylist I wanted to do something bold this time . I told her to surprise me with something fun . She gave me the most adorable and funky pixie cut . I 'm in love with my new look !	5 year old PERSON had lunch with his mom and grandma . His grandma ruffled his hair . She told PERSON 's mom that she preferred his hair long . PERSON 's mom smiled tightly . The very next day , PERSON got a haircut .	PERSON wanted to get a haircut . She set up an appointment with her favorite hairdresser . She decided to cut her hair short . Her hairdresser spent 2 hours cutting her hair . PERSON loves how much lighter her head feels .
cold	It was cold outside . And the heater in the house was not working . So tom tried to think of a way to get warm . He did n't have a fireplace and no blankets . He went over to his neighbor 's house for the rest of the week !	PERSON had a cold . She was miserable for days . On the third day she woke up sweating . Her shirt was damp , and sticking to her . Disgusted she got out of bed and changed her shirt .	PERSON was outside in the winter . He ended up getting a cold . He still had to go to work though . He went to work and got everyone else sick too . Everyone was miserable .	Winter was coming . And it was time to turn the heat on again . But the heat did n't reach PERSON 's room very well . Even with the heat on it was 10 degrees colder in there . She had no choice but to sleep in socks and a sweater to keep warm .	PERSON was outside when it started to rain . He was only wearing a t-shirt . He felt incredibly cold and looked for a place to warm up . All the doors were locked . Then his friend pulled up on the driveway in his car and PERSON got in .	PERSON caught a cold . She at dinner with PERSON . She passed it on to PERSON . PERSON became ill . PERSON cancelled his travel plans due to sickness .	Kia woke with a cold one morning . Her mom kept her home from school . Kia was anxious about missing class , but she did feel awful . So she laid on the couch all day , sipping tea and watching television . By the next morning , she felt much better !	It was the first day of winter . I decided not to wear a jacket to school . Alas , it became very cold as the day progressed . On the walk home I was very cold and shivering ! I learned that I should take a coat to school during the winter .	PERSON had a cold . He tried every medicine there is . He could n't get rid of it . He had to suffer for a month . He finally recovered in that time .
shopping trip	PERSON and PERSON went shopping at the mall . PERSON has been wanting a new wardrobe . PERSON was trying to find higher end boots . After hours , they could n't find a thing they wanted . They decided to go home to shop online .	I went shopping last weekend . I took my daughter with me . She needed a lot of new clothes . I could not believe how picky she is with clothes . I will think twice before taking her with me again .	I get to go to the mall today . I love shopping , it 's so fun . I picked out a green shirt that had stripes . I will wear it tomorrow . My shopping trip was a success .	PERSON got a wedding invitation in the mail . She told the bride and groom she would come to the wedding . PERSON went to the store where the couple was registered . PERSON bought a set of china dishes for the bride and groom . She had the dishes gift wrapped in ivory wrapping paper .	PERSON went shopping today . He was unsure of what he wanted . He visited a few stores . There was a lot of things he considered . He decided on a new book .	I decided I wanted to go grocery shopping . I jumped in my car and went to the big grocery store in town . While I was there I noticed a sell on a brand I normally do n't buy . I debated whether I should try the new brand or go with usual one . In the end , I decided to try the new brand because of the discount .	PERSON planned to go to the store . She made up a list of what she wanted to buy before she left . She also made sure she had enough money on hand . When she got to the store , she found it busier than usual . It took twice as long to get everything she wanted .	PERSON was feeling a bit down . He thought a shopping trip would cheer him up . PERSON got himself several new items . Unfortunately they did n't make him happier . PERSON kept shopping to see if it would help .	PERSON needed some milk for his cereal . He drove to the store to pick some up . PERSON grabbed his milk and went to the checkout lane . The cashier rang up his item . PERSON realized he had left his wallet at home .
key	Kia had lost her keys . She looked everywhere for them . She was so frustrated and puzzled ! Then they finally turned up - after hours of looking . Kia had somehow put them in the fridge !	PERSON wanted his mom to have an extra key to his car . That way he could never lock his keys inside it accidentally . But the key maker said he could n't make Tim a copy ! Car keys , he said , could only be obtained through the car dealer . PERSON realized it was going to be very expensive for a new key !	PERSON kept locking her keys in her car . She decided to get a spare key to hide just in case . She went to her local hardware store to make a spare . It only took a few moments for the kiosk to copy her key . She no longer has problems with locking her key in her car .	PERSON had lost his house key . He was locked out ! he knocked , but nobody else was home . Then he remembered where his mom hid the spare key . It was under the rock on the porch !	PERSON lost her keys . She arrived home from work but she could n't get in . She checked her windows , but they were all locked . She had to call a locksmith for help . The locksmith let PERSON into her house .	PERSON had just come home from a day of errands . However , at her front porch she realized she lost her house key . She inquired whether anyone found a lost key , but had no luck . Fortunately , she had a spare key hidden outside . Her next task was to change the locks in her house .	Kia could n't find her car key anywhere ! She panicked because she was always losing things . Then she remembered that she had given her mom an extra key . She had known she was prone to losing things . Kia 's foresight saved the day !	PERSON 's mom and dad worked until 5 every afternoon . Adam had to come home from school and let himself in . But in two months he lost his key four times ! Finally his parents grew fed up with PERSON 's carelessness . They arranged for a neighbor to hold the key instead !	PERSON lost his key one the walk home from school . He was unhappy with his carelessness . But making the same walk the next day , he spotted it ! It was laying on the sidewalk in plain view ! PERSON was so glad he had found the key .
dead battery	PERSON was trying to make a call . His battery died . PERSON tried to find a power outlet to charge . No restaurants let him use their outlets . PERSON wished that cities still had pay phones .	PERSON went to start his truck and realized his battery was dead . At first , he was very upset and worried that he would be stranded . Luckily , he was in town and was able to get a friend to help out . They used jumper cables and were able to charge his battery . He bought a new battery and did n't have anymore problems .	On March 8 , 2013 , we decided to go to a restaurant . We could not start the car . A door was ajar overnight and the battery died . We got a jump and ran the car for an hour . By then it was too late to go to the restaurant .	PERSON took a long road trip . He stopped at a restaurant in the middle of nowhere . When PERSON got back into his car , he realized the battery died . He tried and tried to start the car . With his last try , he was able to get the car started again .	PERSON 's laptop would n't turn on . He tried several things . Eventually he plugged it in and it turned on . PERSON figured out the battery was dead . He bought a replacement at the electronic store .	PERSON was out with friends . His wife tried to call him due to an emergency . PERSON forgot to charge his phone . His wife called one of his friends . They let him know about the emergency .	PERSON tried to start his car . It would n't turn over . He knew he had enough gas . He asked a friend for a jump start . That got it going because his battery was dead .	When I tried to leave , my car would n't start . I had jumper cables with me in the car . I just needed someone 's help to start the car . Before I knew it someone had stopped to help . We were able to jump-start the car without a problem .	PERSON never worried about his phone 's battery status . Being unemployed , he was trying to find a good job . While out with friends , his phone died , as usual . A potential employer called before PERSON bothered to charge his phone . Jeff now understands the value of keeping a charged phone .
shirt	The man put on his shirt . It ripped in the armpit . He asked his wife to fix it . His wife could not fix it . He threw away the shirt .	PERSON wanted a new muscle shirt like his friends had . He checked a few stores , but they were all too expensive . Then he had a creative idea . He took an old tee shirt and carefully cut off the sleeves . His friends all loved his new homemade muscle shirt !	My chorus teacher gave me the shirt . We had to have a certain short for choir . My orthodontist 's son had the shirt . I called and left her a message . Her son brought it to my school .	The man put on an old shirt . It was his cleaning shirt . He scrubbed the whole house . His shirt got filthy . He threw his cleaning shirt away .	I had a shirt on . I was playing outside with my friends . I fell in a puddle of mud . My shirt got very dirty . I had to change into another shirt .	The man ironed his shirt . He left the iron on his shirt for too long . He burnt the fabric of the shirt . He threw the shirt away . He ordered a replacement shirt online .	PERSON bought himself a new white t shirt . He wore it to go out and eat . Him and his friends went to a BBQ place . Well eating ribs PERSON got some BBQ on his white shirt . PERSON went from being happy to being mad .	The man put on his shirt . He buttoned it up . His wife laughed at him . He had buttoned it incorrectly . He buttoned it the right way .	John desired to improve his social life . He asked his friend for help . His friend told him to dress better . PERSON went to the mall . PERSON bought many new shirts that looked nicer .
oatmeal	PERSON woke up very hungry . She decided to make oatmeal for breakfast . She mixed all of the ingredients . PERSON ate the oatmeal very quickly . She felt full until lunch time .	PERSON was proud that she fed her kids oatmeal for breakfast . She promised her kids a treat at lunch for finishing their oatmeal . Each day , the kids left empty bowls of oatmeal in the sink . One day , the sink clogged and a plumber came over . He found the sinks clogged with weeks ' worth of oatmeal .	PERSON eats oatmeal every morning . He likes it topped with lots of brown sugar . One day he runs out of brown sugar . He uses honey to top his oatmeal instead . He likes the honey , but thinks brown sugar tastes better .	I eat oatmeal every day . I used packets . I thought each packet used 2/3 of a cup of milk . Today I read the packets and found some take only half . I now know why my oatmeal is soupy sometimes .	I decided to eat oatmeal to lose weight and stay healthy . It tasted awful . I added sugar , cinnamon , butter , candy , marshmallows , and chocolate . The new ingredients made it taste amazing . However , I was shocked when I gained 15 pounds .	I decided to make oatmeal for breakfast . I put the package of oats in a bowl . I added a cup of boiling water to it . I let it sit for 5 minutes . And finally , I got to eat it .	PERSON was forgetful . He went to make oatmeal . And he walked away . When he entered the kitchen later , he noticed oats and water in a pot . But the stove was never turned on .	PERSON loved oatmeal . He would eat it whenever he could . He packed some oatmeal for school lunch one day . Once arriving at school , he could n't wait for lunchtime . PERSON was happy and full of his oatmeal by the end of lunch period .	Tim always had fruit loops in the morning . One day he ran out of his favorite cereal . He looked all over but could n't find any . PERSON finally broke down and started cooking oatmeal . He grimaced as he finished his breakfast then started his day .
the bully	PERSON heard that the school bully was after him . He took a different route home that day . Just before he got to his house , the bully came out of an alley . He began pushing PERSON , calling him names . PERSON 's older brother came by and chased the bully off .	There was a bully at PERSON 's school . One day PERSON saw the bully waiting outside of his house . He was scared . It turned out that the bully just wanted to play . He and PERSON became best friends .	PERSON was a little girl who seemed to always get bullied . She could n't understand why she always got picked on . One day her teacher saw her crying and spoke with her . The teacher pointed out that PERSON was always trying to be bossy . PERSON thanked her teacher and promised to not be bossy .	PERSON was scared to go to school . There was a bully who was bothering him . PERSON tried to tell his parents what was going on . They just told him to toughen up . He cried on Sunday night , dreading the school week .	PERSON was a mean boy . He always bullied people at school . One day he pushed another boy down . He was suspended for two days . PERSON decided to be a nicer person .	PERSON was a bully . He never made friends easily . One day at school he got into a fight with an older student . PERSON got beat up badly . PERSON stopped being so mean to people after he recovered .	PERSON was scared of a girl named PERSON . PERSON would pick on PERSON so much , he cried . One day , PERSON realized that he did n't want to be scared anymore . PERSON started to practice standing up for himself with his brother . When PERSON saw PERSON next , he stood up for himself .	PERSON was picked on in class every day . He never tried to fight back . When he got to high school he got bigger . He started picking on other kids . The smallest ones did n't fight back .	PERSON was worried about going to school . There was a boy that constantly bullied PERSON there . PERSON went to school in anticipation of a fight . He could n't believe his eyes when he walked by the principal 's office . The bully was in the principal 's office crying with his mother there !
found	PERSON was jogging one day . Suddenly she spotted something on the ground . It was a dropped cell phone ! She scrolled through it to fine the emergency contact . Then she returned the phone to its grateful owner !	PERSON saw a Wanted poster in the grocery store . Later that night , she saw a man who looked just like the photo ! She called the police quickly and gave them the information . Thanks to PERSON 's help , the police caught their criminal . Later , the police chief called PERSON to personally thank her .	PERSON found a wallet on the ground . She decided to try to return it . She looked at the name and address on the license . Then she packaged the wallet and mailed it to its owner . The next week she received a thank-you note in the mail !	PERSON 's dog ran away . She was distraught ! She put up signs all over the neighborhood . Then a stranger called . He had thankfully found PERSON 's dog !	PERSON lost her golden ring at school . She looked everywhere , but it was gone ! Without hope , she checked at the Lost And Found office . And there , to her shock , she retrieved her ring ! PERSON was so happy that some honest student had returned it .	Kia 's dog ran away . She was heartbroken . She put up signs all over . Soon a neighbor returned her dog . Kia was so grateful !	PERSON saw Lost Dog posters all over neighborhood . Then one day she saw the dog ! She coaxed it over with a treat . Then she dialed its owners . The dog 's owners were so grateful to PERSON !	Ina found a golden ring in the hall at school . It was lovely and looked expensive . PERSON wished she could keep it . But she knew she had to do the right thing . PERSON took the ring right to the Lost And Found office .	PERSON found a wallet on the street . It was full of cash ! PERSON needed money , but he knew he had to do the right thing . He contacted the owner of the wallet . The owner was so happy , he rewarded PERSON with $ 100 !
coffee	PERSON loved to drink coffee . In fact , he drank coffee almost every day . One day he had no coffee left in his house . This was very bad for PERSON in fact . After much thought , PERSON rushed to the store and bought some coffee .	PERSON did n't like coffee . Her boyfriend made her a special cup with milk and sugar . She finally tried it , and found she loved it . Now she drinks coffee that way every single day . She 's glad she was open to try something new .	In the morning my office needs coffee to function . This morning , we were making coffee and there was none to make . The manager decided that the office needed coffee . He sent his assistant to Starbucks for everyone . The office was happy and functional .	My neighbor called me over to have coffee . I was excited because I really needed it . When I got there he poured me a cup . I let it cool for a while in my hand . When I went to take a sip I saw it had a roach in it and spit it out .	I drink coffee every day . The espresso machine I got as a wedding gift has been fantastic . I used it the same old way for so long . Then I discovered all the amazing coffee drinks there are . So right now , I 'm drinking a mocha latte with Nutella .	PERSON was getting tired of his store-bought coffee . He decided to buy the beans and brew it himself . His first batch came out weak and terrible . His second batch was a little better . He kept improving , and in time was brewing great coffee .	PERSON and PERSON were working together at an office . They were both working on the same project . They were both tired from working so hard . PERSON made some coffee and offered it to PERSON . PERSON graciously and quickly excitedly accepted .	PERSON had just made a pot of coffee . She knew it was hot . She took a sip anyway not thinking . PERSON burnt the top of her mouth and tongue . Now she is careful about waiting before drinking her coffee .	PERSON needed to study for an exam . He only had one day before the test . He decided to stay up all night and cram . He kept falling asleep so he drank coffee . He was able to stay awake and study !
shoes	PERSON worked as a cashier at PERSON 's . Her boss decided she should also handle the shoe department . When there were no customers she would set up shoe displays . PERSON enjoyed the variety this added to her day . She thanked her boss for the opportunity to learn more .	A woman lost her favorite pair of shoes . She looked in her car . She searched in her room . She decided they were lost . She bought a new pair .	PERSON went out shopping with her friend PERSON . PERSON was currently jobless and could n't afford much . PERSON saw a pair of shoes she would love to buy . PERSON saw how much PERSON wanted them . PERSON bought them for PERSON as a gift .	PERSON loved going hiking . He found that he wore out his shoes very quickly with this lifestyle . He decided to purchase an expensive pair of hiking boots . PERSON loved the boots . PERSON 's boots did not wear out and he wore the boots for years .	PERSON was at a shoe store . And he was overwhelmed by all of the choices . He tried on seven different pairs of shoes . But he could n't decide which pair to buy . After twenty minutes of trying to decide , PERSON chose nothing .	PERSON was a high school student . He noticed that he was annoyed with tying his shoes every day . He decided to buy laceless shoes . He loved not having to tie his shoes . He never bought shoes with laces again .	PERSON has a pair of new shoes . While in gym class she forgot to put away her shoes . Someone stole her shoes from the locker room . PERSON was very upset . The next day , PERSON saw someone wearing her new shoes .	I have a bunion . It wears a hole in my canvas shoes after a few months . I had a pair of shoes that were fine except for the hole . I bought a canvas patch and sealed the hole . The patch looked funny , and I threw the shoes away .	PERSON was a young boy . He attended monastery school . He did not know how to tie his shoes . The teacher gave him a useful tool for learning . He used the wooden tool with strings to learn how to tie shoes .
cats	PERSON wanted to adopt a cat . She visited a cat shelter with her friend . PERSON was introduced to many cats . One named Dusty seemed nice and friendly . PERSON adopted Dusty and was happy to have a new companion .	PERSON is allergic to cats . PERSON loves PERSON but loves cats more . One day PERSON decided to ask PERSON on a date . PERSON agreed and sneezed through the whole date . PERSON never asked PERSON out for another date and instead hugged his cat .	PERSON loaded all the ground meat into his backpack . He hopped into his car and drove to the industrial side of town . PERSON got out , glanced around , and hopped a fence . He spooned little clumps of meat all around the abandoned buildings . The hungry cats never noticed the ground glass .	PERSON hated cats . Then her sister begged her to take in a foster cat . PERSON grudgingly agreed . Soon she realized she loved the little fur ball ! PERSON had fallen in love with cats !	PERSON likes to feed all the stray neighborhood cats . PERSON feels compassion for the homeless animals . PERSON started bringing in cats to her home when the weather got cold . PERSON did not realize how hard it was to take care of indoor cats . PERSON 's house was destroyed by the 30 homeless cats she took in .	PERSON loved cats . She decided to purchase five . They became her best friends . She started staying at home all the time . PERSON became a cat lady .	My cousin bought a house that had a barn that was full of mice . She found an adoption service that places families of feral cats . A few weeks later , a cat family was released in her barn . The cat family keeps to itself and does n't make a mess . There are no longer any mice in the barn .	There used to be stray cats all over the neighborhood . We called animal control all the time to come get them . Animal control came and rounded up all the cats . All those cats now have a home to live in . I 'm glad we called animal control to come get the cats .	PERSON could n't figure out where his one cat was . They had just painted their living room and a vent cover was off . He thought he heard noises from the ducts but he did n't see anything . He put the cover back on and started to walk away . He then heard more noises and realized that the cat was in there .
skateboarding	PERSON always did what his older brother PERSON did . When PERSON got a skateboard so did PERSON . They went to the skate park and skated around . PERSON was not very good at first , but he kept at it . By the end of the day he was out-skating his older brother .	The boy got a skateboard for his birthday . He was very excited . He decided to try it out on the sidewalk . The boy fell and broke his arm . The doctor said he ca n't skateboard again for two months .	PERSON loved to skateboard . One day , he fell off and injured himself . PERSON rushed to the doctors to see how bad it was . The doctor said PERSON just had a bruised elbow . PERSON now rides his skateboard with protection .	PERSON went out skateboarding , today . He skateboarded to the skate park . His friends taught him how to do a new trick . It is a difficult trick , but he 's going to keep practicing . Tomorrow , he 'll teach his friends something new , too .	PERSON loved to skateboard . One day he asked his parents to go to a skate park . His parents said yes . His parents drove him to the skatepark . PERSON had fun at the skatepark .	When I was a kid my parents bought me a skateboard . I had always wanted to learn how to skateboard . I practiced riding it all the time . No matter how hard I practiced I could n't get the hang of it . I 'm really sad I could never get the hang of skateboarding .	PERSON wanted to buy a skateboard . He had never done it before , but was excited to try . He went to the local skate shop and bought one . He began riding it everyday . PERSON got pretty good after a while and loved to skateboard .	PERSON 's friend PERSON bet him he could not skateboard down the big hill . He had n't done it before but he was n't afraid . Well , he was n't afraid until he was at the top of the hill . He was n't about to chicken out so he pushed himself forward . He made it to the bottom without falling !	PERSON wanted his son to get into a sport . PERSON 's son wanted to get into skateboarding . PERSON felt that a team sport would be better for socializing . But he relented and let his son take up skateboarding . PERSON 's son made friends at the skatepark , satisfying both parties .
dance	PERSON loved to dance a lot . One day , he decided he would dance at a competition . PERSON practiced a lot every single day . The day before , he did n't even sleep ! Finally , he came in first place in the competition .	Sia went out and danced in the Autumn breeze . She twirled and spun , without a care in the world . PERSON did n't notice she 'd moved into the middle of the street . A large freight truck smacked straight into her . Sia 's body was turned into bloody pieces of meat on its grille .	PERSON was planning on hosting a houseparty . He was considering making it a theme party . He was selecting music for the party . He found great 80 's music . He decided to make his party an 80 's dance party .	PERSON is a dancer . She wants to go to dance school . At her audition she danced very well . PERSON was accepted into dance school . She ca n't wait to see where her future takes her .	Eve wanted to dance for the opening scene in her school play . But she did n't know any dances ! Then her neighbor Even offered to show her some steps . She practiced with him every day after school . When the play opened , everyone said she was a wonderful dancer !	PERSON wanted to invite her crush PERSON to the PERSON PERSON dance . But PERSON was very cute and popular . PERSON feared her was far out of her league . She summoned her courage and asked him , expecting a rejection . But to her joy , PERSON happily agreed to be her date !	PERSON is a dancer . He feels a lot of pressure to be skinny . One day he tried throwing up after eating . It did not make him feel good . PERSON does n't want to throw up again to be skinny .	PERSON 's music teacher showed them how to dance the LOCATION . The kids all laughed at her . Until she made them also try the dance . PERSON was embarrassed until everyone began to dance . She began to enjoy herself dancing with the class .	PERSON loved to dance . She wanted to become a better dancer . To become a better dancer she started to take classes . Now she is an expert at several types of dance . She now competes in many dance competitions !
cancer	The doctors told Jan she had a form of sarcoma . She was very scared . But she had the recommended surgery . Then she followed up with chemotherapy . Soon Jan was declared cancer-free again !	PERSON has cancer . PERSON went to the best doctors to help fight her cancer . The doctors told PERSON to have hope . After two years , PERSON is now cancer free . PERSON is thankful to the doctors for curing her cancer .	PERSON had cancer . He flew to a children 's hospital for treatments . They lasted for about six months . He had plenty of support . He was able to get better .	PERSON was in shock . He could n't believe the words his doctor uttered . PERSON was told he had cancer . PERSON was determined to beat this sickness . PERSON lost his battle nearly a year after his diagnosis .	My mother was diagnosed with Uterine cancer 4 months ago . She did n't tell me , I found out on Facebook . I tried to call and text her but she wo n't talk to me . I am hoping she comes around one day so I can have closure . I am working on myself now to prepare for her death just in case .	PERSON felt ill . He went to see the doctor . The doctor told him he had cancer . PERSON received chemotherapy to treat the cancer . The treatment was a success .	PERSON was diagnosed with Cancer . It was a scary time . She had surgery and chemotherapy . She was very sick . Finally she beat the cancer !	PERSON led a sedentary life . He sat in a chair and did not move for 10 hours per day . He eventually developed groin pain . He visited the doctor . The doctor diagnosed him with testicular cancer .	PERSON 's mother missed her very much . She took a trip to LOCATION to visit her mother . While PERSON was there she found out her mother had cancer . Her mother looked very sick and PERSON was worried . Her mother passed away when she was visiting her .
beer	PERSON was trying different beers with her friends . She could n't stomach alcohol and so got drunk easily . While her friends were having a conversation , PERSON went nuts . She tried to pee in her friend 's yard outside . PERSON had to be driven home by her friends .	I did not drink beer until I was 26 . I was a night school grad student . I took a seminar in science and society . The professor offered us beer in his lab . I had a Coors .	PERSON went to baseball game . Her friends bought her back a beer . As she was drinking it , she kept sneezing . She then started breaking out . PERSON figured out she was gluten-intolerant .	PERSON was new in college and tried to join a frat . He thought a frat would ensure he always had friends to hang out with . But the frat brothers made him get drunk and sick when pledging ! Angry , he joined an anti-drinking group on campus . That group became his best friends , and they hung out often !	PERSON drove to the store to buy a beer . He opened the beer while driving . A cop pulled him over immediately . PERSON spit out the beer in the cop 's face . He then drove off and the cop gave chase .	PERSON was having friends over for drinks . But PERSON had no beer . So he drove to the store . He found the biggest pack of his favorite beer and got it . Him and his friends had a good night drinking beer .	PERSON wanted to make his own beer . He bought a brewing kit . He added all the ingredients , measured carefully . Then after enough time , he sampled his homemade brew . PERSON was pleased to find that it was delicious !	I was seventeen . My friends invited me to a party . There was beer at the party . My friends offered me beer . I declined because I was of a strong moral character .	Frank was a big drinker . One night PERSON and his friend had a drinking contest . Frank drank nearly two beers for every one of his friends . Near the end they both could barely stand . Frank was declared the winner while he was passed out in a can pile .
sick	PERSON felt really sick yesterday . She ask her mother if she could stay at home from school . Thankfully her mother agreed and told her to stay in bed for the day . PERSON took some medicine and slept for most of the day . Next day she felt so much better and could go back to school again .	PERSON woke up with a very bad cold , the day he started his new job . Unsure what to do he called his mom . PERSON 's mom said take a bath and take medicine and he would be ok . After doing what she said he felt so much better . PERSON was able to start his new job .	To get out of work PERSON faked being sick . Instead of staying in bed he played games the entire day . His wife came home and scolded him for his behavior . The next day at work his boss fired him for lying about being sick . PERSON realized that faking being sick was a bad idea .	PERSON was sick with the flu and called out of work . While she was home her cousin stopped by asking her to watch her dog . She agreed reluctantly and the dog was allowed in . Bored and sick , PERSON managed to teach it to bring the thermometer . She recovered quickly only to quit her job and become a dog trainer .	PERSON called his work and said he was sick . His boss told him he needed to come into work anyway . PERSON drove to work . He coughed a lot during his shift . The next day , PERSON 's boss was out sick .	PERSON got really sick . He had to stay in bed for three days . He could not leave the house for another week after he got out of bed . PERSON really wanted to get out of the house . PERSON made sure he would wash his hands so he would not get sick again .	PERSON was sick every weekend , all weekend long . He lay in bed and refused to go out with his family . Finally , PERSON 's wife persuaded him to go to the doctor . The doctor recommended he see a therapist for depression . PERSON started feeling a lot better .	PERSON woke up feeling very sick and tired . He called into work and then went to the doctor . The doctor gave him some medicine and sent him home . PERSON took his medicine and rested for a few days . PERSON woke up a few day later and felt better .	Yesterday , I woke up and was feeling a little congested . Worried about getting sick , I decided to take an antihistamine . I found Claritin , which has worked well in the past . I was hoping I would start feeling better soon . When my condition did n't improve , I went to the walk-in clinic .
cupcakes	PERSON 's favorite dessert is cupcakes . She could eat them all day except they are n't very healthy . During the week PERSON decides she wants to make healthier cupcakes . Then PERSON decided to research healthy cupcake recipes . After many different recipes she found some healthy ones she liked .	When my daughter turned 3 she requested PERSON PERSON cupcakes . I did n't have the money to pay someone to make them . It was up to me to make her dream come true . I found a recipe and design and got to baking . My daughter was so happy when she seen the cupcakes .	PERSON was a fifth grade student . PERSON 's classmates were all supposed to bring in desserts . PERSON brought in cupcakes from his mother 's bakery . The class enjoyed PERSON 's cupcakes very much . The entire class was happy to enjoy the desserts .	PERSON was hungry . She decided to make cupcakes . But after she put them in the oven , she got distracted . By the time she checked on them , they were burned ! PERSON sadly resolved to be more attentive in the future .	PERSON loved to eat cupcakes . On some days , he would over 20 cupcakes . One day he went to the doctors for a yearly physical . The doctor told him that cupcakes were very unhealthy . PERSON stopped eating cupcakes and ate vegetables instead .	On Thursday I heard a loud knock on the door . It was my neighbor PERSON . PERSON made cupcakes and gave me some . I took a photo and sent it to my wife at work . We gladly ate the cupcakes for dessert that night .	My wife retired last week . I sent cupcakes to her work . She got out out of work early , before the cupcakes came . Her boss called her on the way home . She came back and got the cupcakes .	PERSON liked to bake and give out food . She was known for handing out cupcakes to neighborhood children . One weekend , she left her cupcakes on the windowsill to cool . A stray cat found the cupcakes and knocked them all to the ground . She did n't have any cupcakes to give to the kids that weekend .	I had never had a birthday cake before . My friend offered to make me one . I felt bad , so I told her no thank you . The next day , I found a certificate in my door . It was to a local cupcake shop , and I smiled happily .
ring	PERSON wanted to get a ring for the girl of his dreams . He did n't have the slightest clue of where to start . He tried looking around for appraisals . He felt ultimately defeated as they were all pricey . However , his widowed mom came through and gave him hers .	PERSON wanted a ring for Christmas . She hinted to her husband for months beforehand . But on Christmas , he presented her with a huge box ! She opened it , and found another box - and another and another . Inside the eighth box was the exact ring she had wanted !	The ringing started in his left ear . He thought it was tinnitus . His vision started to recede . He realized he was going to pass out . His wife called for an ambulance .	PERSON hurried home from work early . His wife had called him , hysterically sobbing . She had lost her wedding ring down the drain ! PERSON came home and took the pipe off the drain . There , he found the ring caught in the U-bend .	PERSON took a look at her ring . She no longer loved her husband . She took off the ring and threw it into the water . Then she had second thoughts . She jumped into the river to retrieve it .	PERSON had just recently gotten married . She wore her wedding ring wherever she went . However , one day she misplaced it . She felt terrible that she could be so forgetful . Luckily , she found it tucked away in her purse later on .	Eddie and PERSON have dated for two Year 's . PERSON sees PERSON buying something in a jewelry store . PERSON waits for PERSON to give her a present of jewelry , but he does n't . PERSON thinks the jewelry is for another woman . Rita snoops through PERSON 's things and finds an engagement ring .	PERSON took off her ring and placed it on the dresser . She then went to take a shower in the hotel bathroom . When she was done she noticed that the ring was missing . PERSON looked towards the door and saw it open . PERSON picked up the phone and called the hotel lobby in panic .	One day PERSON found that his wedding ring was missing . He looked all over the house for it . He even cleaned the entire house while looking for it . His wife came home and he was afraid to tell her . She told him that she had taken it to get cleaned .
PERSON 's pizza	PERSON was hoping to have his new pizza shop open soon . He spent a few days gathering all the hardware . A few days before the opening , his fridge died . He bought a ton of coolers , storing the food inside of them . The next day , he was able to be open on time and selling pizza .	PERSON was eating at the food court . She had ordered a slice of pizza and a soda . PERSON was walking to find a table . She dropped her pizza on the floor . PERSON walked back to the booth to order another slice .	PERSON wanted a pepperoni pizza . He got into his car to go to the pizza parlor . PERSON tried to start the car and nothing happened . He noticed the car was on empty . PERSON decided to walk to the pizza parlor .	PERSON grew up in LOCATION . He was taught to bake the best pizza . He came to LOCATION as a young boy and got a job as a skilled chef . He eventually grew to own his own business selling his famous pizza . His skill is know around the country as well as his delicious pizza .	PERSON owned a popular pizza restaurant in LOCATION LOCATION . One night , his store was burglarized . All of his cooking equipment was stolen . The locals donated money to PERSON . PERSON got his business running again .	PERSON loved to eat pizza . Her favorite pizza place was PERSON 's Pizza . She went to PERSON 's Pizza and was shocked to see it closed . PERSON found out that they were closed due to a roach infestation . She no longer had an appetite for pizza .	PERSON decided to order pizza . He called the local pizza restaurant . He ordered a pizza with mushrooms and olives . When he received his pizza , it only had olives . PERSON decided that he would not call that pizza restaurant again .	It was PERSON 's birthday . His mom said they could go anywhere to eat . PERSON chose his favorite restaurant . His family went to a pizza joint in town . PERSON ordered his favorite pizza .	PERSON owns a pizzeria in a small town . Everyone loves the food there . One day PERSON had an angry customer complaining about the food . PERSON offered the customer a refund and a replacement pizza . PERSON continues to be successful because he 's kind to customers .
the cabin	This week we went to the family cabin . We all had to pitch in and clean when we got there , it was so dirty . There were cobwebs and dust everywhere . There was even a giant spider . We did n't smash the spider though , we put it outside .	PERSON went for a trip to his cabin . When he got there and it was unlocked . He walked away , frightened of what might be in there . He ran to his car as he heard loud laughter coming from the cabin . PERSON never went back there again .	Wanting a new life , PERSON bought a plot of forest land . The first day he had it , he decided to build a cabin . He decided to build the cabin himself , from trees on the land . He immediately started cutting down large trees . By the end of the first day , he had enough wood to start building .	THe couple was taking a romantic trip . They rented a cabin to stay in . The cabin had a hot tub and a beautiful view . They spent a week relaxing and reconnecting . It had been a glorious time !	I slowly drove down the lane to the cabin . It had been quite a while since I was last here . I parked and walked onto the porch . I opened the front door . A raccoon ran out of the door , and gave me quite a scare .	PERSON loved to go to the cabin . His family went there every summer . This summer when they arrived at the cabin . PERSON seen there was a hole in the wall . He cut down a tree and fixed it .	This fourth of July , our family went up state to a cabin on a lake . We surfed behind a boat . We also went fishing and I caught a 10 pound northern pike . The end of the week came , and it was time to drive home . We all can not wait to come back again .	PERSON likes to go to his hunting cabin . His cabin is located high in the mountains . They have no electricity up there . He likes the solitude . PERSON really enjoys being alone .	The cabin was deep in the woods next to a stream . It was the perfect getaway . PERSON and his family were headed there for the weekend . They spent the weekend hiking and having a good time . As they left they all agreed it was a great place .
prom	Prom was coming up and PERSON did n't ask anyone yet . He was n't really into any girls so it made things more difficult . He decided to ask his buddy PERSON to the Prom . PERSON told PERSON he would never go to prom with another boy . PERSON went to prom by himself and had a great time after all .	PERSON had prom . His girlfriend called out of prom last minute . PERSON ended up going with some friends . He was very bored . He left early .	PERSON had never wanted to go to her senior prom . She did n't like large gatherings , and the dress would be expensive . But her mother insisted she should go or she would regret it . Once she was there , PERSON actually had fun dancing with her friends . Though she still did n't enjoy big parties , PERSON was glad she went .	PERSON desperately wanted to get a date for the prom . He wrote songs and played them and got rejected . He wrote poems and spoke them and got rejected . He made cards and sent them and got rejected . Finally someone made him a song and played it and PERSON accepted .	PERSON wanted to ask PERSON out to the prom . Being shy and nervous he avoid asking PERSON directly . PERSON wrote a letter to PERSON and hid it inside her locker . PERSON found the note in her locker and read it . She left a note for PERSON in his locker agreeing to the prom date .	In his senior year of high school , PERSON was excited to go to prom . He and his girlfriend had been dating for years . PERSON asked her to the prom and she said yes . PERSON bought the tickets and rented a tux just for the occasion . They rented a limo and had the best night of their lives .	PERSON was always into science fiction , even at 17 . He played in his bedroom with spaceship toys and action figures . Girls his age wanted nothing to do with him . But one day , a girl approached him while he was playing at lunch . He was asked to prom by her , and as a gift she gave him an action toy .	PERSON adored PERSON . He resolved to ask her to prom . He caught her after class . Then he popped the big question . To his surprise , PERSON smiled and agreed !	My grand niece K went to her junior prom this spring . Her friend D wanted to go . D did not have the money for the ticket and a dress . K 's mom gave D money for the prom . D and K had a great time at this prom .
online dating	PERSON signed up for an internet dating website . He went on a date with a girl named PERSON . PERSON talked the whole time about her ex-boyfriends . PERSON noticed PERSON had a piece of food stuck to her front tooth . PERSON never told PERSON about the food .	PERSON wanted to try online dating . He had heard good things about it from friends who have tried it . He signed up for a free three month trial on a website . He went on a few dates right away . Within a month PERSON went on a date with the girl he would marry !	PERSON was lonely . She decided to try a date online . She met a cute young man and arranged a date . The two met for dinner and a movie . PERSON had a wonderful time !	PERSON met a girl on an online dating app . His friends made fun of him for the way they met . The two met and quickly fell in love . After several months , he asked her to marry him . PERSON now has a beautiful wife !	PERSON was a single , forty year old woman . She focused on her career for many Year 's . As PERSON got older , she wanted to get married . She decided to start dating online . She met a wonderful man and they fell in love .	PERSON has been striking out with men lately . She has gone on dates that friends have set her up with almost weekly . None of them have yet to work out though . As a last attempt PERSON tried online dating . In a month she found someone that she is now in a relationship with !	PERSON ended a two year relationship and was feeling lonely . However , he had a hard time meeting new people . PERSON 's friends told him about online dating websites . PERSON signed up and met a nice girl . Two Year 's later he got engaged to the woman he met online .	PERSON was feeling lonely . She decided to make an account on an online dating site . After uploading her profile picture , she got lots of messages . All of the messages were lewd or uninteresting . She decided to not use the site again .	PERSON wanted a girlfriend . He went online and joined a dating site . Soon a kind-sounding , pretty woman contacted him . He agreed to meet her for a date together . They had one date and PERSON was soon hoping for another !
broken laptop	PERSON was playing in the house . He accidentally knocked over his brother 's laptop . The screen and motherboard broke . PERSON 's brother was very upset . PERSON had to buy a replacement .	I was having fun on my laptop until something bad happened . The screen went blank . I could n't figure out what was wrong with it . I took it to tech support but they did n't know the issue either . Looks like I have a dead laptop .	PERSON was using her laptop yesterday . It was working just fine . However at some point it stopped working . PERSON had to give it to tech support . A week later it was working again .	PERSON had an old laptop . He did n't want to replace it . After a while it kept breaking too much . He could n't keep fixing it . PERSON bought finally bought a replacement .	My daughter received a new laptop to replace a broken one . A day after she got it she told me that she broke the new one . She said she tripped over the cat and it fell . I saw the cracked screen and was pretty upset . She finally told me it was a joke and just a screensaver crack .	PERSON dropped his laptop . The screen broke . It was basically unusable . He ordered a new screen online . He was able to fix it himself .	My laptop computer fell off of the sofa . The laptop 's screen shattered into three large pieces . I took the laptop to the computer shop for a repair . The computer repairman could not fix the screen . I bought a new laptop from the shop instead .	PERSON had to write an essay for his class tomorrow . He wrote the majority of it last week so he was not worried . When he began to finish up his essay his computer started sputtering . The screen turned blue and would not function . He emailed his teacher about an extension for his assignment .	I accidentally dropped my laptop on the ground . The screen was shattered . The typing keys fell out everywhere . While sobbing , I collected all of the pieces . It took a month , but I was able to put everything back together .
chair	PERSON needed some new chairs . She threw away her old ones . PERSON went to the store and got more . She set up her chairs . They looked nice .	PERSON sat in a chair . The chair was old . The chair broke . PERSON fell on the ground . He decided to buy a new one .	PERSON had a very comfortable chair . One day , he realized it was getting old . He tried to get it repaired . Then , he found it was very expensive to repair . Instead , PERSON donated his chair to charity .	Do n't need a new chair . His cat had scratched his up . He decided to go shopping for one . However , he could not find anything he liked . PERSON decided to order something custom .	I was sitting in my chair . I leaned back a little too far . I heard a tiny crack . I looked down at my chair . One of the legs had a crack .	PERSON wanted a new living room chair . He went to all kinds of stores . He found a store with a great sale . PERSON bought a chair . Now PERSON has the best chair out of all his friends !	PERSON 's school 's shop class was full . He was put into a Home Ec class instead . At first he was sad , but then he found something out . The teacher would let him make a chair as his project ! PERSON got to make a manly item after all !	PERSON loved sitting in his favorite chair . One day , it broke and he could n't use it anymore . After that , he purchased a new one . It was n't as soft though so he was sad . Finally , he got his old chair repaired .	The man was overweight . His chair was not comfortable . He asked for a different chair . The company ordered a special chair for big people . The man was much more comfortable in that chair .
the bus ride	PERSON had never ridden the bus before . He thought it would be simple . It was but he was too nervous and made it harder . He wound up at the wrong spot . Eventually he gave up and called a cab .	Joy went wait at the bus stop . She could see the bus drive up to her . The bus kept driving down the road . The bus passed up PERSON . Joy 's mom had to bring her to school .	I walked to the bus stop . I waited about fifteen minutes for the bus to arrive . When the bus came I realized I forgot my wallet at home . I asked the bus driver if I could pay tomorrow . He let me ride the bus .	PERSON was riding the bus . It was his first time . He was nervous . He decided to listen to music . After a while the music had him completely relaxed .	As a little boy , PERSON loved riding buses . One afternoon his mother took him on a bus ride . PERSON shook with the vibration of the bus and laughed . A guy flirted with his mother . But PERSON did n't care , he was having the ride of his life .	PERSON 's class was going to the museum . All the other 5th graders were going as well . As PERSON waited to board the bus she saw PERSON the bully . PERSON stood in line scowling at LOCATION . PERSON had a bad feeling about this trip .	The kids boarded the bus . They were going to ride it to their field trip location . They 'd never been on a bus before ! They marveled at the tall seats and big windows . It was a bumpy , fun ride !	PERSON was riding the city bus for the first time . She had read it was much more environmentally friendly . The people around her talked and chatted . They even included her in the conversation . PERSON decided she would ride the bus again .	PERSON was going to visit his grandfather in LOCATION This summer . He was nervous because this time he was catching the bus alone . The night before he could n't sleep worried he would get lost . On the way to the bus station his mom told him not to worry . PERSON started to feel excited for his new adventure .
jump	PERSON dared her sister PERSON to jump from PERSON PERSON . It was a local swimming hole but the cliff was 21 feet high ! Only the boldest dared to jump from the very top . But PERSON did n't want PERSON to think she was a coward . She ascended and then , with a deep breath - she jumped !	PERSON wanted to skydive , but he was afraid of heights ! He decided to build up to his big jump gradually . He began jumping from steps , then windows . He soon lost his fear of being up high . He was then able to skydive with glee !	Kia was leaving for work one morning . She got into her car and turned the ignition . But her car would not start ! Kia realized she 'd left her lights on the previous night . She had to call for a jump start from the auto company .	I opened the large door with my shoulder . Behind the door was a teacher and students . I said sorry for interrupting . I closed the door quietly . I kept looking for my class .	The boy went off a jump . He came down hard . His wheel got bent . He took it to a shop . They said the wheel was ruined .	The boy jumped in the air . The dad jumped higher . The boy tried to jump as high as his dad . He could not even come close . The boy thought his dad was an amazing jumper .	PERSON was wandering in the store with her parents . She liked to play in the clothes . She would hide and jump out and scare her parents . Until one time she jumped out and could n't find them . PERSON was scared until her parents jumped out and scared her !	Eddie 's car would not start one morning . He had no idea what to do . Luckily , his neighbor came out to help him . She jump started Eddie 's car for him . Eddie happily thanked her for her help !	PERSON and PERSON were having a competition to see who could jump higher . They did n't know who should judge it . After awhile they found someone that should judge them . When they finally started to test it PERSON was nervous . Eventually it was decided that PERSON could jump higher .
horseback riding	PERSON loved horses . She always wanted to get one . ONe day her parents took her horse back riding . PERSON could n't control the horse and was thrown off . Her love of horses went down after that .	I always wanted to go horseback riding . When I went to LOCATION , I saw my chance to try it . It was so hot in the desert . My behind was sore from the long trail ride . I have decided , horseback riding is not for me !	PERSON 's friend PERSON wanted to go horseback riding for her birthday . PERSON had n't been before so she was nervous . Her friend promised her they 'd pick a gentle horse for her to ride . She was matched up with PERSON , and old chestnut gelding . She managed to stay on PERSON 's back the entire ride .	PERSON had never ridden a horse before . He got the chance to on his birthday . On his first try he lost control . The horse bucked him off . PERSON never tried again .	The first time I went horseback riding was bad . I had no idea what I was doing . I could n't steer the horse any direction . It started running uncontrollably . I almost fell off before someone helped .	PERSON loved going horseback riding . She would go every weekend . Her favorite horse was always ready for her . One day PERSON 's horse was n't there anymore . PERSON was sad to know he had passed away .	PERSON went for her first horseback riding lesson . She was having fun . But then all the sudden she fell off the horse . She hurt her leg . It was painful and she had to go to the hospital .	One day PERSON and her friends decided to go horseback riding . They went to the local ranch . PERSON picked a brown horse named PERSON . She rode her around the pasture . Everyone had a fun day .	PERSON had always wanted to ride a horse . Her dad got her lessons for her twelfth birthday . PERSON was thrilled ! She and her dad went to the corral and saddled up . Soon PERSON was riding her horse , sobbing tears of joy !
catch	PERSON and his sister went outside to play . They found a ball and began tossing it . They began a game of catch . Soon PERSON fumbled and dropped the ball . His sister won the game !	When we were on vacation , my brother and I were playing catch . We were throwing the ball back and forth . My sister then said something , so I turned to pay attention to her . My brother did n't realize I was n't looking , and hit me in the head . It hurt really bad and I had to put ice on it .	PERSON PERSON PERSON were playing catch in PERSON 's front yard . PERSON threw the ball so hard it got stuck in a tree . PERSON tried to get the ball down by throwing a baseball bat at it . Instead , the bat came down and smashed out PERSON 's dad 's car window . PERSON and PERSON had to do yard work all summer to help make up for it .	PERSON 's life had been filled with very mean men . She despised that she 'd ever meet a good one . Then she discovered PERSON 's list . PERSON found a wonderful man on the forum . She married him , and he 's a model husband and father .	PERSON and PERSON went to a park to play catch . When they arrived , they saw two other boys playing catch . John and PERSON started to play catch . And the other boys noticed them . The four boys decided to all play catch together .	PERSON was playing catch with her baby sister . She won the first few rounds . Then she decided to slow down and play worse . She let her baby sister win the next few games . PERSON was so happy to see her sister 's smile !	I bought my son a baseball . We got up early the next morning . We played in the front yard for hours . It was lunchtime when we finished . We ate like champions .	PERSON was making a cake . She set an open bag of flour on the counter . When she turned around her elbow hit the bag of flour . She tried to catch the bag before it hit the ground . The kitchen floor was covered in flour .	PERSON was a baseball player . He needed to practice his catching skills . His dad agreed to help him . They played catch outside every night . PERSON 's skills improved drastically .
carnival	PERSON and PERSON went to a carnival together . They had a lot of fun playing games . PERSON saw a stuffed unicorn she wanted . PERSON played a game and managed to win it for her . PERSON was very grateful .	The school was holding a fundraiser . They decided to have a carnival . Each teacher had a booth . The principal was in the dunk tank . The school raised over $ 1,000 .	The boy went to the carnival . He saw a ride he liked . He asked his dad if he could go . His dad took him to the ride . The ride conductor said the boy was too short .	PERSON and his son were traveling through LOCATION . PERSON 's son asked him to go to the carnival . PERSON agreed with his son 's request . PERSON took his son to the carnival . PERSON 's son had a great time .	I love going to carnivals . One year , I went to a carnival . I got on a weird ride , and it got stuck in midair . Eventuality , they manually fixed the ride . After that , they let us down safe .	PERSON wanted to go to the carnival in town . She called her friends who agreed to go with her . The first ride she went on was the roller coaster . Her friends convinced her to go on the water ride next . By the time the carnival closed , she had ridden every ride twice .	PERSON and PERSON went to the carnival on a date . When arriving , PERSON forgot her purse and asked if PERSON could pay . Reaching into his back pocket , PERSON found he forgot his wallet . Explaining this to her , they both went back to get their items . Upon returning to the carnival it was too late to get in .	PERSON was excited to go to the carnival . First thing he did was run towards the games . He played a ring toss game . The first couple of times he did n't win but finally he won a prize . He chose a giant stuffed bear that he carried home .	My friend and I got together for the carnival . We went on several rides and attractions . Afterwards , we decided to split a funnel cake . I experienced difficulty eating it since it was hot . After the place closed , we went back to our hotel rooms .
the lost dog	I once had a dog named PERSON . PERSON was an Irish Terrier . One day I lost PERSON outside . I looked all over for PERSON . I found bob playing with the neighbors dog .	PERSON parked his car to go inside a liquor store . There was the cutest brown dog sitting and sad . The dog walked up to PERSON and started crying . PERSON looked around for the owner . He took the dog home , then to a shelter , but no one ever claimed it .	The smith family had a special dog . His name was spot . The family decided to go camping in the woods . When they awoke the next morning he was gone . The searched to the ends of the woods but could n't find him .	PERSON bought a new dog . One day he walked the dog in a huge forest . The dog scampered away into the bushes . Tim looked for an hour trying to find his dog . The dog finally appeared carrying the biggest stick ever .	PERSON found a dog near his house . He was really friendly and smart . PERSON did n't notice a collar or any identification . Several months later ken saw a sign for a similar looking missing dog . PERSON ignored it because he wanted to keep it .	One day PERSON took the horse out and PERSON , the dog , followed . PERSON rode the horse out to the lonely places . PERSON and PERSON could hear coyotes howling in the distance . When PERSON came back , his father asked him , where 's the dog ? He went out and found PERSON on top of an old rusted car , howling !	PERSON was biking when he spotted a lost dog . He asked his family for help finding the owner . They went door to door asking for information about the owner . Still they could n't find him , so they put up posters . Luckily someone called in about the poster and claimed the dog .	Our dog ran away . We looked everywhere for him . When we were tired of looking we sat on the porch . Suddenly we saw a man walking with our dog . He brought our dog back home !	PERSON lost his dog . He put up flyers everywhere . He posted about it online . Finally he got a call about it . Someone had run him over recently .
mother 's day	PERSON wanted to paint her mother a picture for Mother 's Day . She went to the store and bought a canvas and oil paints . PERSON then got a table ready in her room for the actual painting . She painted a field of wild flowers since they are her mom 's favorite . Her mother cried when PERSON gave her the gift on her special day .	I forgot to buy my mother a gift for Mother 's Day . When I got to the store , they were out of flowers . I bought her a card and a small chocolate cake . I felt bad for not remembering Mother 's Day . She loved the card and cake though !	PERSON needed a mother 's day gift for her mom . She waited until the last minute . The store was out of gifts ! PERSON drew a nice card for her mom . Her mom loved it and cherished it forever !	For Mother 's Day I wanted to do something special for my mom . We lived in different cities so I had to send something online . I decided to send her flowers and chose a beautiful teacup bouquet . It was expensive but I was excited for her to receive it . In the end , the company decided not to ship them and I was very sad .	PERSON was always bad at holidays . This year he tried his best to remember mother 's day . He sent his mother a card . PERSON then took her out to dinner . His mother was very appreciative .	PERSON made sure that his mom was still asleep . He crept to the kitchen and prepared a delicious breakfast . He brought it into his parent 's room and gently woke his mom . She sat up sleepily and rubbed her eyes . She smiled as PERSON wished her a happy Mother 's Day .	PERSON wanted to get her mother a great gift for mother 's day . But she could n't afford anything cool . She tried as hard as she could to find something nice in her budget . When mother 's day came around she cried because she had no gift . Her mother reassured her she only needed her love , not a gift .	PERSON wants to get her mom something special for Mother 's day . She buys her a bouquet of flowers and a card from the store . When she gets home , her dog eats the flowers ! PERSON 's mom tells PERSON that she does n't need a present anyways . The two spent Mother 's Day having a picnic in the park instead .	The kids wanted to do something special for Mother 's Day . They knew Mama wanted a vacation . The built a pretend airplane and flew her to LOCATION . They had her lay down , made ocean noises and gave her a cold drink . She said it was the best vacation ever !
working out	PERSON felt he was getting fat . He decided to start working out . He invited a friend to do it with him . They would motivate each other to do better . PERSON and his friend achieved their goals .	PERSON 's girlfriend dumped him . He got depressed and gained weight . Eventually he decided to work out . It helped him lose weight and feel better . PERSON continued to work out and be healthy .	PERSON and rick love working out . They decided to go to a new gym . The gym stated that they ca n't work out unless they pay a one time fee . They paid it together . They worked out happily .	PERSON was working out his back . He had a good workout . The next day , his back started hurting . He decided to stop working out for a while . He needed to let it heal .	PERSON liked to be healthy . She decided to start working out every day . Soon , she was in great shape . PERSON felt full of energy . She decided she would stick with her workout plan .	PERSON joined a gym to get in shape . She went to her first workout in a new outfit . When she used the thigh machine , PERSON split her yoga pants . PERSON asked the attendant for a towel . She wrapped the towel around her waist and fled the room .	I was at the gym last week . I went to use a machine and it was covered in sweat . The guy before me never wiped it up . I found out who it was and confronted him . He apologized and went back to do it .	PERSON is a skinny guy . He looked at all these images of hot guys . He decided to lift weights . He did it for 2 weeks straight . He ended up giving up .	My body was getting very out of shape . I had to start a workout routine . I woke up every day and jogged and did sit ups . I kept this up for weeks and increased the difficulty . After weeks , I began to feel really great .
puppy	PERSON had begged his parents for a puppy . Finally they conceded and bought him one . But PERSON had not realized how much work a puppy was . He had to feed it and clean up after it often . After a few weeks PERSON decided he did n't want a puppy after all .	PERSON really wanted a puppy . He pleaded with his mother and father to buy him one . They agreed that he could have one if he improved his report card . PERSON studied hard for the rest of the school year . He ended up with a straight A report card and a puppy for the summer .	PERSON was always a cat person , never liked dogs . He 'd turn his nose up and walk away from a wagging tail . Then one day he heard a scratch at his back door . It was a small puppy , wagging and happy . PERSON 's heart melted and he knew he had now become a dog person .	Will 's daughter PERSON was nine years old . PERSON begged Will to get her a puppy . Will finally relented . PERSON told PERSON to close her eyes on Christmas morning . PERSON cried with joy when PERSON presented her new puppy to her .	PERSON had always wanted a puppy . Her parents had never let her have one . She would often visit pet stores to play with the many puppies . One day , she fell in love with one of them . She decided to take one home .	My sister bred puppies . We got to have first pick of the liter . We chose a little girl . She was the most playful . We took her home and made her a part of the family .	PERSON loves puppies . She wants to own a puppy . So she goes to the puppy store . While there she holds many different puppies . Fortunately , PERSON finds a puppy to adopt .	PERSON knew her son PERSON wanted a puppy for Christmas . But PERSON was only 4 and not responsible yet . Finally PERSON thought of a great solution . She bought him a robotic puppy to play with . PERSON loved his new puppy so much , he almost cried !	I turned left down the street to my house . In the middle of the road was a puppy . The puppy looked injured . I picked him up and saw that his leg was broken . I took the puppy to the vet so they could help him .
the beach	PERSON saw a crab on the beach . She was so excited she wanted to pet it . The crab snapped at her fingers . PERSON hurt herself and had to go to the hospital . PERSON no longer wanted to go back .	Today Ally went to the beach . There were lots of people at the beach . The sun was very hot . PERSON forgot sunscreen PERSON had to go home .	PERSON and PERSON went to the beach . PERSON loved to surf , so he brought his board . PERSON warned him about sharks , but he would n't listen . He surfed for hours . Then a great white shark bit in him half .	One time in high school my friends and I went to the beach . We quickly became bored laying around in the sun . So we decided to build a giant dragon out of sand . After a couple of hours the dragon was at least twenty feet long . People from all over the beach came to look at what we made .	All the girls at school loved going to the beach and so did PERSON . He never really had the courage to talk to them , but he wanted to . At the beach , PERSON finally got the courage to go over and talk . PERSON thought he was shy , but cute . PERSON asked her out on a date and she accepted .	PERSON decided she wanted to go to the beach . She invited all her friends to go along . They had a great time , but covered in a lot of sticky sand . They searched for a shower for what felt like ages . Finally they found one and decided it was the best trip ever .	PERSON wanted to go to the beach . Unfortunately , she had too much homework . PERSON decided to finish the homework as fast as possible . She drank some coffee and worked for four hours . She finished and was finally able to go to the beach !	PERSON and her friends went to the beach yesterday . They walked along the edge . They jumped the waves . It was all fun until PERSON stepped on a jellyfish . They then rushed to the ER .	My family absolutely loves going to the beach . So , every year we take a family trip to our favorite beach . However , this year our trip had to be cancelled . The beach was covered in poisonous jellyfish . Therefore , it was too unsafe for us to visit and swim .
too late	A burglar broke into PERSON 's house . He stole his jewelry and several other personal items . Jeff called the cops and tried to stop the thief . The thief ended up escaping from the house . The cops showed up 5 minutes later \	Something was wrong with PERSON 's beehive . The bees were obviously agitated and she did not know why . She called a beekeeper who seemed to know what the problem was . He would come out to split the hive since there were two queens now . He saw a swarm of bees cross the street and knew he was too late .	PERSON was struggling in math . He assumed that it 's not his fault although his friends are passing . There was a test tomorrow and he was n't prepared . He did n't seek help after school , from his friends nor the professor . Ultimately , he ended up failing the test and had to repeat the course .	PERSON and PERSON were identical twins who were separated at birth . PERSON stayed with her mother and PERSON was adopted . PERSON discovered records of the adoption in her mother 's papers . She found PERSON years later in a graveyard . PERSON had died before they could ever meet .	The phone rang in the kitchen of PERSON 's house . He was in the basement when he heard it ring . He put down his work and ran up the stairs . By the time he got to the phone it stopped . PERSON cursed loudly and punched the phone .	I needed to catch a train . I was on my way to work . Unfortunately when I got there the train left . I was devastated . I learned to wake up earlier next time .	My mom threw my homework in the trash . She tied the bag and threw it in the dumpster outside . I spent several searching for my homework . When she told me that she threw it away , I was frustrated . The rest of my night was spent completing it again .	PERSON wanted to make it to the sale . Time was running out . She raced out of the house to go there . Finally she got there . But it was too late as everything was sold out .	I was hanging out with my friends at the park . My mom called me to remind me about dinner being ready . However , I stayed at the park for a few more minutes . I eventually left to go home . My mom told me that the food was completely gone .
train ride	PERSON took her 2 girls on a train ride . None of them have ever been on a train . The train was headed to LOCATION LOCATION . It was a 2 hour train ride . PERSON and her girls enjoyed the train ride .	Tim always liked trained . He saved money for a trip . It took days and he had a nice room . He ate at the restaurants on board . PERSON loved the experience .	I decided one day that I need to get away from my family for a while . The best way seemed to get a train ticket and take a ride . Went to LOCATION and waited for my train to show up . I got on board and I was very impressed . Saw many impressive scenes while riding the train .	PERSON wanted to check out the country side . A friend suggested taking a train ride . PERSON was able to find cheap tickets . He booked a near week long trip . PERSON saw a lot of the country and enjoyed himself .	PERSON was taking his first train ride . He wanted to see how fast it could get him to work . PERSON left 20 minutes early to catch the train . However , the train did not reach on time . PERSON decided that he would not take the train to work again .	I got on the train to go to work . The train began to move toward the next station . Suddenly the train stopped and the lights turned off . The train stayed stopped for several minutes . Eventually the lights turned back on and we continued on our way .	Sue was on the train waiting for her stop . She got really bored . She tried to fall asleep , but she could n't . She then counted all of the passengers . Counting turned out to be very fun and exciting .	PERSON had motion sickness every time he rode on a train . He used to take motion sickness pills before each ride . He went to his doctor to discuss the problem . His doctor told him that he needed surgery to fix the problem . PERSON opted to not go to surgery and just deal with it .	PERSON lived in LOCATION . He decided to visit LOCATION , so he bought a train ticket there . He got on the train and settled in for the ride . Later , the ticket inspector came around to inspect tickets . PERSON lost his ticket and had to pay a large fine .
the visit	PERSON was forced to put her child up for adoption when she was 16 . She thought about the baby she gave up often . She never married and went to a nursing home when she was old . No one ever visited her . However , her child tracked her down and showed up one day to meet her .	PERSON was excited . She had moved far away from her daughter over a year ago . PERSON 's daughter was flying in to visit her mom for a week . PERSON met her daughter at the airport . Both of them started to cry when they saw each other .	It had been many years since I had seen my friend . I invited her over to spend some time catching up . She asked if she could bring her kids along . My friend and her children came over on a sunny afternoon . We had a great time catching up and watching them play outside !	His cousins were coming later too his house . So his mom made him clean all morning . Get groceries in the afternoon . Get ready in the evening . His cousins came to his house .	PERSON 's cousin was coming to town . PERSON was very excited . She planned many fun activities . Her cousin got sick his first day here . PERSON was disappointed .	PERSON 's sister was coming to town . PERSON was very excited . She planned many fun activities . The day they went to the beach , it rained . PERSON was disappointed .	My friend came to visit me . She brought her young son with her . He was a cute little boy . We gave him some toys to play with . We had a great visit .	The entire family has dinner with Grandma every Sunday . One day , 13 year old PERSON refuses to go . PERSON says Grandma 's house is boring . PERSON suggests PERSON bring his 3DS . PERSON plays PERSON PERSON the entire time he 's at Grandma 's .	PERSON wanted to spend time with her grandmother . Her grandmother now lives in a nursing home . She went to the nursing home and was able to check her out . PERSON took her to a park that had a pond . They sat and watched ducks while they visited .
overtime	Both teams were tired from playing for too long . However , they were tied in points . My teammate tried to perform a sneak attack . He went behind me and his defender lost sight of him . When he was free , he shot a three pointer to win the game for us .	PERSON 's boss asked her to stay over . PERSON did n't want to . Grudgingly , she accepted . When she got her check the next week , she grinned . PERSON decided she was glad she 'd stayed over after all !	PERSON just got back from work . He was really tired from such a busy day . He was about to watch TV when his boss called him . He had to work overtime tonight . PERSON was unable to unwind down from work like he had planned .	PERSON had been waitressing all day and was tired . Then a coworker had a sudden emergency and begged PERSON to stay late . PERSON was kind and needed money badly , so she agreed . Her very last table of the night left her a $ 100 tip . PERSON was so glad she had agreed to work late !	Things did n't go as planned at work today . The production lines were down because of a broken conveyor belt . This put us behind schedule by four hours ! Looks like I 'll be working this Saturday after all . At least I 'll be getting some overtime !	PERSON worked overtime for the past week . She was hoping to come home to dinner and a clean house . Unfortunately that did not happen . Her husband had gone out with his friends . PERSON was extremely annoyed .	Last week my basketball game went into overtime . We played better in overtime than we did in regulation . We won the game by almost twenty points . We decided that we would play like it was overtime every game . Our team has been great since that overtime game .	PERSON 's boss announced mandatory overtime all week . PERSON was disappointed . All week she worked extra hours , grumbling and tired . But when she was paid the next week , she brightened . She had been paid very well for the overtime !	PERSON is being overworked at work . He is putting in over fifty hours a week . He talked to his boss and asked to be switched to part time . His boss countered offered with thirty five hours a week . PERSON accepted the offer and was happy .
loud	PERSON was constantly stressed out . So he listened to loud music all day . But one day , he noticed a ringing in his ears . But after listening to quieter music , the ringing never went away . Eventually , the ringing made PERSON unable to enjoy music .	My oldest child is so loud . She is so loud that it is hard to sleep when she is awake . We put the youngest down for a nap earlier . Our oldest started yelling at the top of her lungs . She woke up the baby and got sent to timeout .	The keyboard was broken so I had to buy a new one . The new one I picked turned out to be very cheap . I typed on it but it drove me crazy . The keys were extremely loud . It was obnoxious to everyone .	The cat was being loud . The owner could n't sleep . The owner got grumpy . The owner yelled at the cat . The cat stopped meowing .	PERSON was at a movie theater . But there was a group of people in front of him who were too loud . PERSON decided to sit somewhere else . But he could still hear them . So he huffed out of the movie theater and watched something else .	He cursed out loud . The child looked up in shock . He turned red in the face . He was embarrassed . He apologized to the child 's parents .	PERSON was n't pleased with his new neighbor . Not only did they play music all day , but they banged the walls . He tried to talk to them , but they were so intimidating , he recoiled . As the noises were n't going away after a month , PERSON decided to move . He found a new apartment , but there too someone was loud .	I was standing behind a man at the store the other day . He was speaking loudly to everyone around him about his problems . When he 'd see a black man or a Muslim woman walk by he 'd comment . I found it all very rude but I did not say anything . I smiled , nodded , and thanked God when he finally left .	My dog laid down beside me in bed . I tried very hard to go back to sleep . She rolled over on me , making it hard to move . She started panting heavily . The loud panting made it impossible to sleep .
PERSON 's party	PERSON was feeling a bit lonely . He decided to throw a party . He invited all his friends for a dance party at his house . He bought lots of food and balloons for the party . Unfortunately , nobody showed up for his party .	PERSON was turning 16 Year 's old . Her best friend decided to throw her a surprise party . She invited all of PERSON 's friends over . She got a lot of food and a big cake . PERSON was so surprised !	PERSON was looking to her birthday in two days . Her friends from work and school invited her to a party . She could n't go to both parties . PERSON decided to throw her own party . She invited everyone from school and work .	PERSON wanted to go to a party but none of her friends were going . She refused to go alone so she kept asking all her friends . One of them eventually said they 'd go with so she picked her up ! They went to the party and all had a great time . After the party PERSON drove home and thanked her friend a lot .	PERSON was turning 21 at last . Her friends wanted to do something really special to celebrate . They got together for dinner without inviting her , to plan . PERSON found out they had dinner without her . PERSON was offended and stopped taking their calls .	PERSON threw a party one night . One of his friends brought alcohol . PERSON was tempted to drink the alcohol . After thinking about it , he decided not to . PERSON had made the right choice .	PERSON was drained after being sick all week . Her birthday party was tonight , but she was tapped out . Even though she was tired , she pushed herself to get dressed . Her guests started arriving around seven . By the time the cake was cut , PERSON felt much better .	A girl named PERSON was throwing a party . She invited all the friends in her grade level . Late at night , people began to show up with alcohol . They partied all night and had a great time . Unfortunately , PERSON 's parents came home early and busted her .	PERSON wanted to throw a holiday party . He prepared by decorating his house and making a lot of food . On the night of the party he waited for his friends to arrive . After an hour of waiting , he was sad because nobody showed . He then realized that he forgot to invite anyone !
daycare	When her baby was three months old , PERSON had to go back to work . She brought the baby to daycare . That evening , she went into the daycare center . She found her baby pushed into the corner , wet and dirty . Joy quit her job and became a stay at home mom .	Little PERSON had to be sent to daycare . His mother looked up reviews for the best one in town . She signed PERSON up for a couple of months . PERSON made a lot of friends at this daycare . His mother was proud that she chose the best one .	Little PERSON was scared to go to daycare . Her mother told her it would be fun . Little PERSON cried when her mom left her . Little PERSON soon made friends . Little PERSON loves going to daycare now .	Eddie and PERSON pulled up to the daycare . It was their first time dropping off their daughter there . As they walked up to the building , PERSON began to get emotional . She teared up and sniffled . Eddie rolled his eyes .	I took my son to daycare this morning . We got in the car and buckled up . I drove across town to the daycare center . We walked in and down the hall to his classroom . He ran off to play with his friends right away , and I went back home .	Our 2 year old granddaughter is in daycare in LOCATION . We live in LOCATION , LOCATION . She visited us over Labor Day . When she got back to daycare on Tuesday she said she wanted to see us . We were touched .	PERSON dropped off her son at daycare . One of the workers told her the center was closing . PERSON would have ten days to find a new daycare . PERSON could n't find anything in her price range . She had to quit her job to care for her son .	My nephew has a two year old boy . He recently bought a house in the suburbs . His wife continued to bring their child to daycare in town . Last week they could not afford the mortgage and daycare . His wife 's stepmom volunteered to watch the child .	PERSON loves kids and has three of her own . She is a stay at home mom who runs a daycare in her house . Her husband was a little nervous about money when PERSON quit . Then he noticed that PERSON makes even more from this daycare . PERSON has started a pretty good little business .
birds	PERSON wanted to do a charitable act . He decided to buy a caged bird . He took the bird to the forest . He set the bird free . He felt great about his charitable act .	I walked onto the back patio . I looked up into the blue sky filled with clouds . I could hear a small bird cawing in the tree overhead . I looked into the tree , trying to find it . My dog ran out barking , and scared it away .	PERSON loved to look at birds . Lately he had walked down the street and seen hundreds of them . They were bright red and flew in a big flock . PERSON read that these birds were migratory . Surely enough , the very next week he did n't see a single red bird .	PERSON loved pets . She decided that she would like to own two birds . She bought the birds and everything that she needed . But , she realized that the birds could be very annoying . PERSON returned everything a week later .	On his birthday LOCATION receives a pair of binoculars . His father also takes him out bird watching to bond with him . Together they record a number of different birds in the area . Before they had to go home they found a rare bird to watch . As they drove home they joked about the experience together .	I can see a pond across the street from my apartment . On Tuesday I saw some birds on the water . They looked like puffins . I got out my telescope , excited . I was disappointed to see they were only seagulls .	PERSON woke one morning to the sound of birds chirping . He opened his window to shoo them away . They flew straight into his house ! PERSON had to use a fishing net to catch them all . PERSON was finally able to get all of the birds back outside .	I had an mTurk task describing birds . The directions had a detailed drawing . I learned a lot of new terms . I did quite a few tasks . I was happy to make some money and learn something new .	The little birds sang outside the window . They chirped very loudly . Annoyed , my husband yelled at them . They responded by making louder noises . I could n't stop laughing at them both .
PERSON 's birthday	PERSON 's birthday was her favorite day of the year . This year though , she was not looking forward to it . Her boyfriend had to work that day , so PERSON would be alone . On the day of her birthday , her boyfriend surprised her at her house . PERSON ended up not being alone for her birthday and was very happy .	It was PERSON 's birthday and she was sure everyone forgot . When she got up no one wished her happy birthday or gave her cards and . At work , none of her coworkers even mentioned it . At home , she took a bottle of pills . The paramedic told her happy birthday in the ambulance .	PERSON had been the butler for Mister PERSON for many years . When PERSON reached his 75th birthday , something happened . Mister PERSON informed him he would need to retire from working . PERSON had no money saved , he was worried about his future . Mister PERSON told him he could live in the guest house .	PERSON 's eighteenth birthday was coming up . He could n't wait to be considered an adult . Things would be so much easier for him . His parents told him he had to start paying for his own car insurance . Putting a damper on his birthday , PERSON had a good time anyways .	On June 13th , my wife and I visited PERSON and her son PERSON . We live down the hall from each other in a high rise in LOCATION . Frank was turning five , and we brought over a present . He is a Star Wars fan , so we bought him a Lego set featuring R2D2 . He was very happy to get the present , and spent an hour building it .	Today is PERSON 's Birthday ! She is so excited . All her friends came over to celebrate . She got many lovely gifts . PERSON had the best birthday ever .	It was PERSON 's birthday . The doorbell rang and there was a clown there . PERSON was scared of clowns and ran away . The clown shrugged and left . PERSON had a bad birthday .	PERSON did n't like celebrating his birthday . His wife always tried to do something though . This year she invited all his friends to throw a surprise party . He tried to act like he did n't want it . But he really enjoyed it in the end .	It was PERSON 's birthday . None of her friends had even wished her birthday greetings . PERSON walked home after school sad that no one remembered her birthday . She opened the door to her home and there was cheering and balloons . Her friends did remember !
biology test	Drew has a biology test . He has not studied at all . He decided to pull an all nighter . When PERSON got to school , he fell asleep . Drew ended up failing his test .	PERSON has a biology test tomorrow . He has been studying all week . When the teacher gave out the tests , PERSON was nervous . He took the test and turned it in . PERSON got his grade and made an A.	PERSON had a biology test . He had studied very hard but found biology challenging . He took the test and he thought he had failed . He waited two weeks for his grade . He found out he got an A on his test .	PERSON has a biology test in the morning . He has been studying all week . He still does not feel ready . When he got to class , he started to feel sick . However , PERSON took his test and made a perfect score .	Sue has a huge biology test in the morning . She has been studying all week . When she got to class , her teacher had forgotten to copy the test . The teacher announced the test was moved to the next day . PERSON was relieved she had an extra day to study .	PERSON has a biology test on Friday . He has been studying for weeks . He decided to just look over his notes one more time . When PERSON got to class , the teacher said open book test . PERSON was both relieved and irritated .	PERSON has a biology test tomorrow . He also has an English test . He decided to skip studying for English . He failed his English test . However , he passed his biology test .	PERSON has a biology test tomorrow . He also has an English test . He decided to study more for biology . He was glad he did . Even after studying , he still did n't make an A.	PERSON has to prepare for a biology test . PERSON study every day . When the test came up , PERSON got nervous . PERSON fail the test because she worried too much . Afterwards , PERSON was diagnosed with an anxiety disorder .
news	My mom missed her daily half hour of news . She watches it daily and got really upset that she missed it . I had tried to record it for her but was n't successful ! I told her she could watch it later in the day online . She was very happy that she was able to watch it .	PERSON met a new friend named PERSON . He could immediately tell PERSON was very intelligent . He learned that PERSON was a voracious reader . PERSON made several reading recommendations including news websites . PERSON began reading the news websites daily and soon felt much smarter .	I was watching the news the other day . I found out there is a lot of scary stuff going on in the world . It was so scary that it was making me a little anxious . So I stopped watching the news . I do n't think I will watch the news ever again .	PERSON 's street flooded from a severe storm . News trucks came to interview residents about the problem . PERSON was interviewed . That night , she turned on the news to watch herself . She squealed with delight when she saw herself on TV !	PERSON led the school 's AV club . She wanted to be a film producer . After talking to the principal , she had a great way to start . She was allowed to film and broadcast the morning announcements ! PERSON 's very first show was the school news !	PERSON decided he wanted to stay up to date on current events . He deliberated about which news source was the best . He carefully examined many sources . He found many he liked and disliked . John soon found reddit and preferred this site to any other .	The man read his newspaper . There was nothing interesting on the front page . He found the comic strips . The comic strips made him laugh . He had enjoyed his time with this newspaper .	Eve hurried home from work . Her husband had said he had important news . She was anxious to hear what it was . She feared it was something bad . But when she got home , her husband told her he had gotten a raise !	We sat down to watch the news with dinner . We set up our individual table trays . We turned on the local news . We were disgusted with the content . We ended up turning it off and eating with music playing .
long distance	PERSON met PERSON through the Internet . As they lived a thousand miles away , they vowed to only stay friends . But as time went by , they could n't deny their attraction . So they had to deal with the long distance relationship . Until PERSON decided to move to be closer to PERSON and marry her .	PERSON 's boyfriend had to move far away for a job . She missed him and talked to him on the phone every night . After growing more depressed , she realized she had to go to him . She found a job near him and they were able to move in together . Now PERSON is happy and not depressed anymore .	PERSON and PERSON had a long distance relationship . They talked on the phone every night . Eventually they ran out of things to say . They would just cover what they did each day and then hang up . They started skipping days in order to save up things to talk about .	PERSON and jamie were in a long distance relationship . They keep trying to make it work . After some time , PERSON cheated on PERSON . PERSON never found out until PERSON confessed . PERSON dumped her .	Ally 's boyfriend found out he had to move across the country for work . Ally was sad because she could n't leave her job to follow him . However they decided they were going to stay together . A year later PERSON got a job offer from where her boyfriend lived . She broke the news to him that she was going to be moving .	PERSON was vacation in LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . This is where he met PERSON . It was love at first sight and they only spent three days together . PERSON and PERSON knew a long distant relationship would be tricky . After three years of success PERSON finally moved to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION .	PERSON had to travel a very long distance to visit her parents . This was do to her living away from home attending college . She enjoyed her visits home but not the long commute . She decided to attend college closer home to stop end the commuting . Now PERSON can visit her parents every day .	PERSON had a boyfriend she met online . They had a long distance relationship for over a year . They finally were able to move in together . It was much worse in person . PERSON was dumped shortly after .	PERSON 's family moved into a rental house temporarily . Before the phone was connected , PERSON used it as a toy phone . One day , she dialed a long number and someone picked up the phone . PERSON hung up when the person started speaking a foreign language . Later , PERSON 's mom had a fit when she got a long distance charge .
the promotion	PERSON was a very hard worker . He was in line for a promotion at his work . It was between Him and another man . PERSON is called into his boss 's office . Jeff is told he has earned the promotion .	PERSON was working hard to prove himself to his boss . He put in a lot of hours in the office . He took work home , too . He was granted the promotion ! He knew his hard work had paid off .	PERSON had worked for his company for many years . He worked hard and often did more than his job required . One day , PERSON 's boss called him into an empty office . He told PERSON that the company appreciated all his work over the years . Finally , he told PERSON that PERSON was getting a promotion and a raise !	June was an excellent worker . He got the most sales . So he expected to get the promotion . However , her boss gave it to another co worker . He said she missed to many days of work .	PERSON wanted to get a promotion at work . His boss promised a promotion upon completion of work . PERSON spent late nights working on unfinished projects . He was able to get complete all his work by the deadline . PERSON was promoted to general manager .	PERSON had been doing really well at work lately . There was a promotion to manager coming up . He knew he was in the lead . He was chosen easily . He took the position with pride but humility .	PERSON saw a job posting on her company 's website . The job pays almost double what she makes now . Although she did n't have all the qualifications , she applied for it . She impressed the manager at the interview . PERSON starts her new job next week .	PERSON worked part time at his father 's friend 's store . He helped his father file paperwork in the office of the store . PERSON noticed ways that his boss could cut down on spending . PERSON helped his boss trim down his finances . PERSON 's father 's friend put him on as full time .	PERSON 's boss said the leading salesman next month would get promoted . PERSON decided he wanted the promotion . PERSON worked very hard to close his sales accounts . At the end of the month PERSON was the leading salesman . PERSON got the promotion !
PERSON 's walk	PERSON walked to school . Suddenly , a dog ran out from a yard and began to chase her . She ran as fast as she could to get away from the dog . Eventually , the dog caught up to PERSON and wanted to be petted . She petted the dog , it went away , and she continued on her way .	PERSON walked to PERSON 's party . PERSON 's party is near a fire-station . On PERSON 's walk to the party , a fire-truck left the station . PERSON watched the fire-truck drive toward the location of PERSON 's party . PERSON became very worried that PERSON 's party was on fire .	PERSON decided to go for a walk . While walking , she tripped and fell . She broke her leg . A passing driver stopped to help PERSON . The driver took her to the hospital to receive treatment .	PERSON likes to take her dog PERSON for a walk in the afternoons . PERSON minds really well , so PERSON does n't use a leash . Last Saturday , PERSON saw a squirrel and ran out in the road . Luckily she did n't get hit by a car . PERSON now puts PERSON on a leash when she takes her outside .	PERSON went for a walk to get some fresh air . He loved to walk in the woods . Today there was a bike race on his favorite trail . He did n't realize it until a biker almost hit him ! PERSON walked back home , feeling defeated .	PERSON was tired of being stuck in the house all alone . She decided to go for a walk . She saw a stray dog while she was out walking . She decided to take the dog home with her . PERSON now has a new friend to spend time with .	PERSON has a dog named Lilo . PERSON took PERSON for walk . Lilo rolled around in dirt during his walk . PERSON had to take Lilo to the groomer . When Lilo came home from the groomer , he looked beautiful and clean .	PERSON took his dog for a walk . He went down to the end of the block . His friend PERSON was there with his dog . PERSON and PERSON talked while their dogs played . The boys said goodbye and went back home .	PERSON decided to go for a walk . While walking , she tripped and fell . She broke her leg . A passing driver stopped to help PERSON . The driver took her to the hospital to receive treatment .
makeup	PERSON was bored so she decided to put on makeup . She had eye shadow , blush , and mascara . She applied them and showed her grandmother . When her grandma saw her face she was angry . Her Grandma made PERSON wash the makeup off her face .	PERSON loved her makeup . One day she got in a fight with her sister . The sister threw the makeup in the toilet . PERSON was furious . She did n't speak to her sister for weeks .	PERSON wanted to be allowed to wear her makeup . But her mom said no - fifteen was too young . She promised that PERSON could wear some on her sixteenth birthday . PERSON counted down the days until she turned sixteen . Then her mom took her shopping for eye shadow and lip gloss !	PERSON was playing in her mother 's makeup . The makeup was very expensive . PERSON wasted a lot of the makeup . Her mother walked in a saw PERSON with a mess of makeup . PERSON got in trouble for playing with the makeup .	The other day I went to buy makeup . I went to the Sephora makeup store . I was looking for a certain contour palette . I ended up finding my perfect palette and eyeliner . I bought the stuff .	PERSON did not feel good about herself . So to feel better , she decided she was going to buy some makeup . PERSON came home and practiced putting it on . The next day , she wore makeup and got a lot of attention from men . PERSON decided she was going to wear it more often .	PERSON wanted to get better at doing her makeup . She went on Youtube and watched some tutorials . She quickly realized there was much she did n't know about makeup . She watched video after video , slowly becoming better at the art . Today , she is a famous makeup artist in LOCATION .	PERSON wanted to make a big first impression at his new school . He went out to buy new makeup . The morning of school he used his best makeup routine . Everyone at school loved his makeup . PERSON made a lot of friends at his new school .	PERSON put on her makeup . It started to run in the heat . She took the makeup off . Her face looked different to her friends . She turned around and cried .
burn	PERSON laid out in the sun . She wanted a deep tan . She decided to doze off for a few hours . When she woke , she was badly burned . She had forgotten to apply sunscreen !	PERSON went to the beach to get a suntan . She spread out her towel and lay in the sun . But after a few minutes , she dozed off . PERSON woke up hours later to see that she 'd burned terribly . She was very angry at herself for falling asleep !	My kettle started to shoot steam into the air . I tried to take off the stove before removing the kettle . All of a sudden , the top of the kettle popped off . All of the pressurized air moved towards my hand . I ended up getting burned .	PERSON had a terrible sunburn . She went to the store for aloe lotion . At home , she smoothed it on her burn . She slept that night covered in the salve . In the morning , her burn was no longer painful .	I accidentally burned myself one day . I was pan-frying some chicken and accidentally touched the pan . The burn was n't that bad but hurt a lot . I ran it under cold water right away . Now I have a scare from it but it no longer hurts !	PERSON worked at a fast food restaurant . One day she burned her arm on the deep fryer . She dressed the burn with soothing gel . She kept it covered for weeks . Soon it was almost healed !	PERSON works in the kitchen of an upscale restaurant . He is a revered chef , and the restaurant is packed . The kitchen staff is short tonight because someone called off work . The orders are backing up . In his hurry to finish the orders , PERSON burns his hand !	PERSON went to the beach with her friends . She forgot to apply sunscreen . When she got home , her mom gasped . She was alarmed at PERSON 's dark sunburn ! She quickly slathered PERSON in aloe lotion .	Via was working over the deep fryer one day . Grease splashed up and burned her cheek . Via hurried to cover the wound and apply cream . She tended it daily for weeks . Soon it faded to a pale pink mark .
tennis match	PERSON is an avid tennis fan . PERSON loved watching her favorite player , PERSON . PERSON was excited to learn that PERSON was playing a match near her . PERSON decided to purchase tickets to PERSON 's tennis match . PERSON could not wait to see PERSON 's match live in action .	PERSON had a tennis match . She was excited to play . Her opponent did not know how to keep score . PERSON grew irritated . As a result PERSON had to forfeit .	The tennis match was very close . Whoever scored the next point would win . PERSON took a deep breath as she served for match point . Her opponent missed ! PERSON had won the match .	PERSON was the best tennis player on his team . He became very sick three days before the big game . PERSON was very upset , because he was sick . PERSON went to the doctor and got some medicine for his health . PERSON regained his health and won the big game !	PERSON was excited to be in her tennis match . When she went to play , she was ready . Her family was cheering for her . When she finished , she won . PERSON won a medal .	PERSON decided she wanted to play tennis . She tried versing her best friend PERSON . The two girls played for an hour . It was a close match . PERSON ended up beating PERSON .	PERSON played in a tennis match against a very good opponent . However , PERSON won the match . The local newspaper wanted to interview her on her success . During the interview , PERSON said very nice things about her opponent . Because of this , everybody thought PERSON was a good sport .	PERSON was in the middle of a very tennis match . The score was tied and the crowd was tense . She served the ball . The ball shot like lightning . It was an ace and helped PERSON to win .	PERSON is having a tennis match with PERSON . Karen serves a fast ball and PERSON misses the return . PERSON yells at the umpire in frustration . The umpire takes offense and penalizes PERSON . PERSON is remorseful about her actions , but is still penalized .
blanket	PERSON loved his favorite blanket . He got it when he was a little baby . One day , it went missing in his house . He searched everywhere and could not find it . Eventually , he found it in the washer .	It had been worn down to a few strings . My brother had had it for a couple years . He took it with him everywhere . He called it nanni . It was his security blanket .	It was cold in my house . I looked for a blanket . The one I found was too small . I found a bigger blanket . I covered myself with the blanket .	PERSON got a blanket for Easter . It was pink and soft . She slept with it every day . One day she left it in a hotel during a trip . PERSON was devastated .	Piper loved the UW Badgers football team . She decided to get a Badgers blanket for her house . At the store , she grabbed a red and white blanket off the shelf . When she opened it at home , Piper saw a Cornhuskers logo . Piper felt silly for purchasing the wrong blanket .	My baby has a favorite blanket . She needs it to go to sleep . I lost it on our walk today . She will never sleep again without it . I better go to the store and get another one .	PERSON took up knitting . She decided to knit her mom a blanket . She worked hard on it for weeks . Then she presented it to her mom . Her mom teared up at the thoughtful gift !	My boyfriend in high school was overbearing . He often made gifts for me . One time he took a fleece blanket and made an outline of his body . The finished product looked like he was lying on top of me . My mother was not pleased and would n't let me use the blanket .	PERSON slept with a security blanket as a baby . Even as she grew older she still kept it near . It made her feel comforted and safe . She took it with her when she left for college . And when she married , she brought it to her husband 's home !
new suit	PERSON was looking for a job . He could n't afford a suit for interviews . His parents offered to buy him one . PERSON was very thankful . He was able to get a job with their help .	Yesterday I bought my husband a new suit . When he saw it he was absolutely pleased . He immediately tried it on . The suit fit perfectly . However to my dismay he spilled some wine on it .	PERSON had an important job interview . He did not have a suit for his interview . He went to the mall to buy a suit . He bought one for $ 500 dollars . PERSON aced his job interview the next day .	PERSON was going to a fancy party . He needed a new suit . He could not afford one . He wanted to cry . Then , a rich man saw him crying and bought a suit for PERSON .	I was offered the new job on Tuesday . To celebrate I decided to buy new clothes . Most importantly was a new suit It was mostly to wear to the job . Which was what made it possible in the first place .	PERSON bought a new fitted suit . He felt really confident wearing it . People noticed as he was out and about . His friends gave him many compliments . PERSON decided to wear it more often .	PERSON needed a new suit for her job . She searched everywhere for the perfect one . Finally she saw a good one at Macy 's . After buying it she tried it on . It fit perfectly .	PERSON needed a new suit for a job interview he had . He went to the store and looked at tons of suits . He was n't sure which color to go with . He read online that blue suits were the best for job interviews . PERSON bought a dark blue suit and looked amazing in it .	PERSON grew up poor . When he was in his 20s he saved up for a new suit . It took him a while . Eventually he got one . He felt a sense of achievement and gained confidence .
the surprise party	PERSON hated surprises . Her sister knew this but planned a surprise birthday party anyway . PERSON sensed that her sister was planning something . She went around to the back of the house instead of the usual front . PERSON came up behind the hiding guests and surprised all of them .	PERSON 's birthday was coming up . Her friend PERSON decided she was going to throw her a surprise dinner . PERSON planned for their friends to show up at her favorite restaurant . When PERSON showed up with PERSON , no one was there . It turned out they were at the other branch a town over .	PERSON thought everyone had forgotten her sixteenth birthday . During the day , no one even wished her a happy birthday . After school , her mother picked her up and brought her back home . When she walked inside , there were all of her friends ! PERSON realized they had been planning a surprise party !	PERSON was walking home late on his birthday . He was really bummed because no one had called . He sighed as he opened his apartment door . Suddenly people burst out and yelled surprise . He was so happy that his friends had n't forgotten after all .	PERSON wanted to throw a surprise party for PERSON . She secretly sent out invitations to PERSON 's friends . She ordered balloons and food to be delivered on the special day . All of PERSON 's friends showed up early and hid until PERSON arrived . When PERSON walked through the door , everyone shouted and cheered .	PERSON was planning a surprise for her husband 's birthday . She wanted to throw him a party , but his schedule was tough . He would always arrive home at widely different times . To get around it , she worked with his co-workers . Together they were able to surprise him perfectly .	PERSON had planned a surprise party for his cousin . He told everyone to be at his house early . PERSON got everything ready for the party . Everyone waited for the cousin . When PERSON 's cousin showed up , he was quite surprised .	PERSON was throwing a party for her husband . It was going to be a surprise ! She invited all his closest friends . They hid in the garage . When he came home , they jumped out and yelled for him .	Yesterday was my birthday . All day , no one mentioned it and I was feeling forgotten . On my drive home , I was in a bad mood . When I got to my house , all the lights were off and no one was home . I opened the door and all my friends and family jumped out - SURPRISE !
smoothie	Tabby wanted to make a banana strawberry smoothie . She mixed all the ingredients together in a blender . She pressed the on button . She forgot to close the lid and juice sprayed everywhere ! She cleaned up the mess and drank a soda instead .	PERSON decided to go to the gym for exercise . He exercised very intensely . On the drive home he felt famished . He knew he could not comfortably drive all of the way home . He stopped along the way to purchase a smoothie .	Will was trying to be healthier . So he had an apple , banana , and mango smoothie everyday for breakfast . But he later found out about its high sugar content . So he felt regretful about having the smoothie everyday . Will decided to only have the smoothie a few times a week .	PERSON wanted a smoothie . But he was n't allowed to have much sugar . So he tried adding oats , water , and protein powder in a blender . And it was n't that bad . And he enjoyed his cool , sugarless oat smoothie .	PERSON decided to make a smoothie . She put frozen strawberries , a banana and yogurt into a blender . When she flipped the switch to on , nothing happened . She checked the blender and noticed it was n't plugged in . She plugged in the blender and successfully blended her drink .	PERSON loves smoothies . He buys one from the shop every day . The shop did not have his favorite flavor today . This made him very sad . He bought another flavor instead .	PERSON was chubby and wanted to lose weight . But she loved her daily milkshake and dreaded giving it up . Then her mom showed her how to blend fruit , yogurt , milk and ice . PERSON tasted the concoction and found it delicious . In fact , she enjoyed fruit smoothies even more than ice cream shakes !	My wife buys six bananas at a time . She vows to eat them but never eats more than three . The others get brown and dumped . Last week I bought a blender and made smoothies . Now we use up all of the bananas .	PERSON valued his health very much . For his meals he would frequently prepare smoothies . He carefully sourced the healthiest ingredients . He loved his smoothies . He felt better after consuming them .
cake	My sister is going to have a baby . She went to the doctor to find out if the baby is a boy or a girl . The doctor wrote it on a piece of paper to give to the baker . When we cut the cake , the inside was pink . It 's a girl !	PERSON had bought two bunches of bananas on sale . But her family was unable to finish them fast enough . The bananas were rapidly browning ! Rather than waste them , PERSON baked them into a cake . The overripe bananas made a perfectly moist , yummy cake !	I was in college when i learned how to bake a cake . Since then i always try to bake in our home . One day i tried to bake for my brother 's birthday and they like it . They told me i should try baking more and sell it . So they help me to provide all my needs for my bakery .	PERSON tried to make a cake . It was baking well until someone slammed a door in the house . Unfortunately , the force of it made the cake collapse . PERSON lost her temper and threw the cake in the trash . This waste made her realize she needs to control her temper better .	Nala was making a birthday cake . It looked great when she put it in the oven . But then she forgot about it ! By the time she pulled it out , it was burned . Nala was angry with herself .	There was a cake in the office kitchen . I cut myself a slice . I walked back to my desk to enjoy my cake . PERSON saw that I was eating the cake . He told me his wife had made it the night before .	PERSON wanted to have a special cake for her son 's birthday . She shopped at bakeries , but they were all too expensive . Even the grocery store cakes cost too much money . Finally PERSON decided to try her hand at baking . Her cake came out twice as tasty as a store-bought cake !	PERSON was only learning how to bake . But her friends thought she was really good . One of them suggested baking a birthday cake for someone . But she knew she was n't good enough . After enough peer pressure , she ended up baking a terrible cake .	PERSON was craving cake . But there was none in the house . She looked through the cupboards for a cake mix . But there were no mixes in the cupboards . She decided she would make a cake from scratch .
the bet	PERSON bet me he could make me laugh in under a minute . I accepted the challenge . He made funny faces and sounds for thirty seconds . Switching tactics , he just stared at me . With one second left , I let out a chuckle .	PERSON and his older sister PERSON were washing dishes . PERSON 's job was to dry them after PERSON washed . PERSON bet her young brother that she would finish before him . PERSON accepted the bet and dried the dishes as fast as possible . PERSON got angry while waiting for her to wash the last dish .	PERSON knew he was better at basketball than PERSON PERSON PERSON proposed a bet 100 dollars to the winner of the basketball game PERSON and PERSON battled it out for the money PERSON beats PERSON and PERSON Loses the bet	PERSON and PERSON had a bet to see who could memorize more digits of pi . One week later they met up and each could recite exactly 100 digits . For a tie breaker , they each guessed at the 101st digit . PERSON guessed wrong and PERSON guessed correctly . PERSON won the best and PERSON had to pay him $ 31 and 45 cents .	PERSON decided to bet his entire paycheck on a college basketball game . He had a good feeling that he would win a lot of money . PERSON was very tense while watching the game that night . His team lost the game ! PERSON burst into angry tears .	I bet my friend that I could get a girl to go on a date with me . He agreed to the bet . Alas , after two days no girl had accepted my offer . I decided to hire a girl to go on a pretend date with me . My friend paid the bet and I split the winnings with the girl !	The friends were very competitive . They always bet on things . One day , they bet on who would finish their lunch first . They raced to eat their food . PERSON won , but they both felt sick at the end !	A man walked into a casino and went to the roulette table . He slapped down a $ 5 bill on the table and asked for chips . The man placed a bet on black and won . He kept betting on black and soon he had thousands . The man threw his winnings up in the air and made it rain .	PERSON bet john that it would rainy the next day . PERSON agreed to the bet . The next day came and it rained . John never paid PERSON the money for the bet though . PERSON and PERSON are no longer friends .
LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION	My senior year of high school I participated in a beauty pageant . It was called Miss LOCATION LOCATION and was part of LOCATION LOCATION . I had no idea what I was doing but prepared as well as I could . Somehow I won the competition ! I won a scholarship and moved on the LOCATION LOCATION .	PERSON is an avid scuba diver . PERSON 's dream has always been to scuba dive at the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . One day , PERSON got a letter from her father in the mail . As PERSON opened the letter , she began crying with joy . PERSON 's dad was sending her to the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION to dive in May .	I was at work when I got the phone call about the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . I ran upstairs where the television was to watch the news with others . We watched the news seeing the first building on fire . I then saw a airplane fly into the second building . Many of us watching it were either screaming or crying .	We went to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION in April . We rode the trolley to all the little stops inside . We also played on the go carts , and bumped into each other a lot . We played games , and ate lots of junk food . Our favorite was the funnel cakes .	PERSON had lived in the same small town all his life . When he won a vacation to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION , he was hesitant . He had read about the crime and worried it was dangerous . Sensing his unease , PERSON 's dad gave him a copy of Taxi Driver . After watching the movie , PERSON canceled his trip .	One day PERSON went to the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . He was a little afraid of heights . However he got over his fear and went to the top floor . He loved the view . He was no longer afraid of heights after that .	A teacher told her class about life back in the 1800 in the west , One student asked why it was called the LOCATION LOCATION ? The teacher had no idea so she looked it up online . She only found links that were related to the Will Smith movie . To satisfy the student she lied and made up a reason .	PERSON attends school in LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . Every weekend he eats at different types of restaurants . He has all different friends from different nationalities . He loves attending school in the city . He wants to live there when he grows up .	I have always wanted to see LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . Friends have told me many exciting things I should see and do there . I saved enough money to buy a plane ticket to go next month . There are many things I plan to do while I am there . I am scheduled to leave tomorrow and am so excited that I ca n't sleep !
piano lessons	PERSON had piano lessons since she was young . By the time she was in high-school she was really good . PERSON used it on college applications . She auditioned to get a scholarship to a good school . PERSON never stopped playing the piano .	PERSON wanted to take piano lessons . Although she was fifty , she still wanted to learn . She ended up impressing everyone . When PERSON was done with the lessons she had a recital . She got a standing ovation .	PERSON started taking piano lessons weekly . His parents urged him to select an instrument and that was his choice . PERSON 's piano-playing slowly improved . Eventually it was time for him to give a recital . PERSON was glad that he had picked such an impressive instrument .	PERSON was forced to take piano lessons since he was four . He felt like it was a waste of his time but he stuck with it . On the board at school there was an ad looking for a keyboardist . The guys in the band could n't believe how good he was . He had a great time playing with them over the next three Year 's .	PERSON wanted to start teaching piano lessons . He set up a website and a few advertisements . He only got two students in his first month . One of them was a wealthy child . The family hired him full-time and he gave up on his business .	Today was PERSON 's first day of piano lessons . The teacher came over about 1 O'clock . PERSON aced her first lesson and was very happy about it . The teacher was particularly impressed by her natural talent . The teacher will come back tomorrow to give another lesson .	PERSON wants to play the piano . She asked her grandmother for lessons . Rather than teach PERSON herself , she hired a tutor for her . The piano teacher taught PERSON four days a week for one hour each day . PERSON was able to perform a solo for her family within a few weeks .	I was struggling at school when my teacher suggested piano lessons . I really did n't want to start lessons at first . After a few lessons however , I noticed my grades were going up . Math became easier to understand , and I was more confident . I do n't know if I 'm any good at piano , but I 'm glad I started lessons .	I always wanted to play the piano but I could not afford lessons . I liked going to the piano store and would try out all the pianos . The owner came over and asked if I took lessons , I shook my head no . He sat down and showed me how to play a short song . As I was leaving , he told me he would see me same time tomorrow .
man 's best friend	PERSON broke up with his long-time girlfriend . In the following weeks , PERSON began feeling lonely . PERSON 's friends suggesting getting a pet . PERSON went to a kennel and got a really friendly puppy . Today , PERSON and his dog are best buddies .	PERSON needed something fresh in his life . He decided to get a dog . He adopted a puppy and instantly fell in love . He taught him all sorts of tricks . He found a companion and felt much better about life .	PERSON took his dog Jax to the park . PERSON loves to play fetch at the park . PERSON always packs PERSON 's frisbee to play with . The could spend hours at the part because they really loved it . Once the sun goes down they head home to rest .	PERSON really wanted a puppy . For his birthday his parents bought him a poodle puppy . PERSON was super happy . He took the puppy on walks and played with him all the time . The two quickly became best friends .	PERSON was driving to work when he saw something by the roadside . It was a hurt dog . He immediately stopped his car and collected the animal . PERSON took the dog to a veterinarian . After the dog was healed PERSON adopted it .	PERSON had to run twenty miles a day . He was training for long distance running . His dog would always tag along for the run . Without warning a pickup truck swiveled onto the sidewalk . The dog was able to pull PERSON out of harm 's way .	PERSON felt very lonely in his house . He decided to find a companion to share it with . He visited his local humane society . He met a friendly dog named PERSON . After PERSON took PERSON home , he did n't feel lonely anymore .	PERSON was not particularly good at making friends . She had an abrasive personality that scared people . She tried and tried to get people to love her . But despite her best intentions she never attracted anyone to her . She decided to get a dog instead and the dog loved her instantly .	PERSON was a dog owner who was thinking of adopting another dog . He went down to the humane society with his current dog in tow . The idea was to see how well his dog got along with any new ones . Fred found a mutt who seemed to hit it off with his current dog . He brought home the mutt and they lived happily ever after .
divorce	PERSON and PERSON were married to each other . PERSON was having an affair behind PERSON 's back . One day , PERSON was in his bedroom with his mistress . PERSON came home and saw them together . PERSON and PERSON had a divorce soon after .	Ally divorced PERSON . She remarried two years later . She felt bad for her daughter . She took her daughter to the park . PERSON said she was sorry for making it hard on her .	My friend PERSON seemed happily married . He and his wife had three sons and seemed affectionate . They left our area and moved to LOCATION . A year later I found out they had gotten divorced . I was shocked and surprised .	PERSON and PERSON had been married for many years . PERSON kept cheating on PERSON . Finally she could not forgive him anymore . She filed for divorce . She is much happier now .	PERSON did n't want his parents to get divorced . But his parents were always fighting . After every fight , PERSON begged them to stay together . Somehow he always convinced them to stay together . They were very unhappy for many years .	PERSON found out her husband was cheating on her . She tried to make it work , but he was n't interested . He took all her money and divorced her . A few weeks later , his mistress dumped him . She is much happier for being rid of him .	PERSON and PERSON have been married 5 years . They never seem to be happy together anymore . They used to enjoy each other 's company . Now they enjoy time away from each other . PERSON wants to file for divorce .	PERSON divorced his wife PERSON last week . Now he sits in his living room drinking beer and watching tv . PERSON heard a knock on the door . He answered it and saw his wife PERSON . She begged to take him back , but he just burped and closed the door .	PERSON had a miscarriage . Her husband PERSON tried to be supportive . But PERSON got more and more depressed . She did not want to stay with PERSON anymore . They divorced .
headphones	PERSON 's parents told her her music was too loud . But PERSON needed it to fall asleep ! She thought about it and came up with a solution . She decided to wear headphones at night . Her parents were very happy with PERSON 's solution !	PERSON had too many headphones . They were all in a pile on his desk . He hated to untangle them . One day his mother bought him wireless headphones . He never had a problem untangling headphones again .	PERSON was using her headphones on a road trip . She took them out and put them in her lap . Unfortunately , she forgot they were in her lap . They fell on the ground when she got out of the car . They left and never realized her headphones were in the parking lot .	I like to wear headphones when I walk . Today I did n't hear a car that was coming my direction . The car almost hit me . I had to jump out of the way just before I got hit . I decided never to wear my headphones again when I was walking .	My cats chewed through my headphone cords . I decided to buy new headphones . I went to the store and looked all around . None of the headphones suited me . I went home empty handed because I was too selective .	PERSON bought new headphones . PERSON noticed that the headphones he bought were defective . PERSON returned his defective headphones . With the money he got , PERSON bought a better pair of headphones . PERSON enjoyed his new , functional headphones .	A man was running while listening to his headphones . He got so sweaty he ruined the headphones by getting them wet . He then went shopping to get new headphones . He searched long and hard for a great pair for running . He eventually found a wonderful pair of headphones for running .	PERSON saved money to buy headphones for over two months . PERSON then went to the store on Thursday to buy the headphones . When he went to the store , he found out they were out of stock . PERSON then drove 200 miles to get the headphones at another store . PERSON was very happy once he got the headphones .	Fran loved her earbuds but they just broke . She needed something more durable . She looked online and found some headphones she liked . She ordered it online . The headphones ended up being amazing in quality .
shower	PERSON took a shower in the morning . One of his kids flushed the toilet downstairs . The water got really hot . PERSON had to run out of the shower immediately . His kid was laughing the whole time .	PERSON 's dog was very dirty from playing outside . So PERSON took his do to the tub . He began to wash his dog . After washing his do he dried the dog . PERSON 's dog was no longer dirty and played inside the house .	Ivy 's best friend was getting married . Ivy threw her a bridal shower . At first , she was overwhelmed by all the planning . But gradually , everything came together . Ivy 's party turned out to be wonderful and well-planned !	There was a family with a leaky shower . They called the landlord to fix it . He called a plumber , who came out . The plumber was able to fix it . The family had no more leaks .	I like to sing in the shower . Yesterday I was belting out a favorite of mine . I heard my roommates tell me to knock it off . I felt discouraged . I do n't sing as much or as loudly anymore .	PERSON started college rooming with two guys and two girls . One day she was in the shower . Suddenly one of her new male roommates walked in ! He left quickly , but PERSON was mortified ! She vowed to lock the door from now on .	PERSON wanted to host a shower for his niece PERSON for her wedding . The first thing to do was to invite her closest friends and family . PERSON and her daughters then began to plan the food for the shower . Her daughters thought playing fun games would keep things interesting . At the shower the guests had a great time and the bride was thrilled .	Kia heard there was to be a meteor shower that night . She spread a blanket on her front lawn . At ten PM , she went outside and lay on it , gazing upwards . Soon meteors were racing past overhead ! Kia was awed by their beauty !	I came home from work and smelled a little bit . I decided to shower to clean up . Alas , I did not know that my water pipe was faulty . The shower did not work . I was forced to call a plumber instead .
fried chicken	PERSON found a fried chicken recipe . She could n't wait to try it . PERSON thought it was great . It took an hour to make . When she was done it was amazing .	PERSON loved fried chicken . He decided to cook some one day . He bought all the ingredients . He also bought a large frier . It was the best fried chicken ever .	Sue wanted to impress her boyfriend by cooking dinner . She decided to make fried chicken . She bought all the ingredients . She followed the directions . Her fried chicken ended up burning to a crisp and they ordered out .	I was invited to a company picnic . I wanted to bring some food that was very tasty . I looked up a recipe for fried chicken . I brought the chicken to the picnic . Everyone loved my chicken .	The man licked his finger . It tasted like fried chicken . He decided to have another piece . That was his third piece at lunch . He felt sick .	PERSON loved the fried chicken at a local restaurant . On Saturday nights they have a special . PERSON tries to eat their every Saturday . This Saturday PERSON is running low on money . Unfortunately he had to settle for Ramen noodles .	Sue wanted to make fried chicken . She bought a fry daddy . She also bought all the ingredients . She had never made fried chicken before . PERSON and behold , it turned out great !	I have never made fried chicken before . I looked up a recipe online . I was missing some of the ingredients . I substituted with what I had at the time . My first fried chicken turned out perfectly .	I decided to make fried chicken again for dinner . I got the chicken out of the freezer and let it thaw . Then I put it in my frying pan with just a little oil . The first side got browned so I turned it over to cook the other side . Then I put it on a plate with some potatoes and ate my dinner .
the accident	PERSON was driving one day . He hit a man on a motorcycle . He claimed that he did n't see the man coming . The man filed a lawsuit against PERSON . PERSON had to pay the man one hundred thousand dollars .	A friend was driving her family to Six Flags Park . She was on a very busy highway . A car swerved into her lane . She could n't stop ! She wrecked her car , but no one was hurt .	I was driving down to work the other day and witnessed a tragedy . On the right side of the highway were two destroyed vehicles . Traffic slowed , and it appeared the two were very injured . As I passed , I vowed to be much safer on the road . As I pulled into the parking lot , I started my day with a new demeanor .	PERSON got a new car . He wanted to go show his best friend PERSON his new car . It was a rainy day and he got in a accident on the way . His new car was messed up pretty bad but he was fine . PERSON was sad that his new car was already ruined .	Frank was drinking whiskey at his regular place . Suddenly a loud noise of a car crash shook the building . He ran outside , where the driver , a young french lady was unconscious . He immediately took the girl to the nearby hospital . He waited all night and in the morning she opened her eyes .	PERSON was driving her car to work . There was a dog in the middle of the road . She drove into another car to avoid the dog . The two cars crashed . PERSON was hurt .	PERSON was driving home from the grocery store . It was rainy and dark . She hit a puddle and lost control of the car . It ran off the road and hit a tree . She made it out with injuries but is supposed to recover .	PERSON woke Roman up at 8:00 to get ready for school . He brushed his teeth , got dressed and had breakfast . They both got into the car and drove to school . When they arrived , PERSON accidentally hit another car . She spent the rest of the day dealing with her insurance company .	PERSON was riding a motorcycle with her friend . She was going too fast down the gravel road . She hit a pothole all of a sudden . The motorcycle flipped on the side . PERSON hit her head and had a concussion .
trees	PERSON needed to plant trees in his yard . He picked out trees based on climate and location around the house . He spent all day planting the trees . He had to water them for years and years . After many long years , they finally grew big and tall .	PERSON was walking buy a farm . He saw many rows of beautiful trees . He decided he wanted to plant a tree in his yard . He bought a tree at a nursery . He went home and planted the tree in his yard .	PERSON 's tree was growing too large . PERSON was worried the tree might damage his home . He decided to trim the branches of the tree . PERSON spent all weekend trimming the tree . Exhausted , he decided to call a professional next time .	The johnsons had a lot of pine trees in their yard They cut some of their pine trees down that were dead . They used the wood for their fireplace . They discovered that pine is n't food for fireplaces . The johnsons stopped burning their pine trees .	My neighborhood is full of old trees . One of them fell onto a house . It caused a lot of damage . The city had to come chop down a lot of trees . It was very sad to see the trees get taken down .	PERSON always helped his Dad plant trees . They would plant trees for friends and family . PERSON bought a new house , so he and his Dad planted a tree . PERSON 's Dad passed away shortly after the house was bought . The tree reminds PERSON of his Dad .	PERSON wanted to get her trees trimmed . She made an appointment with the tree company . Before they came there was a large storm . Part of an old tree fell on PERSON 's house ! PERSON wished she made an appointment sooner .	PERSON thought it was dark in the house . The trees had grown too close to the windows . PERSON decided to cut them back . He got the hedgetrimmer from the shed . Soon the trees were trimmed .	I decided to try to climb a tree . I found a sturdy oak with many branches . I decided this was a good tree to climb . I attempted to climb it and I fell and hurt my ankle . I decided that it was not smart to climb trees .
braces	PERSON was told she needed braces . She was horrified ! She just knew her friends would mock her . But to her surprise , no one did . Everyone was very supportive !	PERSON dreaded going back to school because she had new braces . She practiced ways to cover her mouth so no one would notice . PERSON kept her mouth tightly closed riding the bus to school . She entered her class and took a seat in the back . Then a classmate turned and smiled with a mouthful of braces .	PERSON has crooked teeth . She has hated her teeth all of her life . So one day she decides to look into getting braces . The dentist tells her she 's a good candidate to have them . PERSON gets braces put on that very day .	PERSON wore braces . She did not like them . When she left the company of her parents she removed rubber bands . She was happy about this . When her parents found out , they became upset .	PERSON drove to the orthodontist for his appointment . The front desk workers directed him to a room . The orthodontist prepared him for his operation . He gave PERSON several medications . After the operation , PERSON had his braces installed .	PERSON sucked his thumb . The habit was affecting his teeth . His mom tried to get him to stop . He kept sucking his thumb . PERSON eventually got braces to fix his teeth .	I had crooked teeth when I was 12 . My dentist suggested I get braces . The orthodontist put the new braces on . The wait to see the final product was long . I was delighted with my new smile in the end though .	I had a crooked tooth . I went to the orthodontist a few times as a kid . My mom would check me out of school to go . She would take me out to eat . In a few months my tooth was straight .	PERSON had braces put on when she started her junior year . A lot of people made fun of her during the school year . When her senior year came around , PERSON still had her braces on . PERSON finally graduated and she even had her braces removed . She went on to college with a smile and a lot of confidence .
PERSON 's cookies	Every evening , PERSON ate cookies after dinner . Her favorite cookies were chocolate chip . One day , she accidentally bought cookies with raisins . She did n't enjoy the taste of those cookies at all . PERSON decided to give the raisin cookies to her neighbors .	PERSON was just a little girl . Even though she was so little , she decided to make cookies . She dropped the eggs into the bowl without breaking them . She made a huge mess . Her mother scolded her when she discovered what she 'd done .	PERSON loves to bake from scratch . Today she decided to make some peanut butter cookies . Unfortunately she was out of peanut butter . PERSON had to make a quick trip to the store for supplies . Thankfully she could afford more peanut butter and make the cookies .	PERSON wanted to make cookies . She put all the needed ingredients on the table . She dropped an egg when mixing the batter . She got another one out of the refrigerator . The cookies turned out delicious .	Mom makes me cookies . Mom got down the flour . Next a big bowl and sugar . PERSON said I could help . The cookies were awesome .	PERSON was baking cookies . She was adding things to the mixer . An egg slipped and the whole thing fell into the mixing bowl . It made bits of egg shell mix in with the batter . She yelled and threw the batter away .	PERSON awoke one snowy morning with an empty tummy . He decided to make some cookies with his mom . They had a blast with a mess every where . The aroma filled the house and soon it was time to taste . The best gingerbread man cookies ever said mother smiling .	PERSON likes cookies . He bakes chocolate chip cookies every weekend . One day , his friend came over and tried a cookie . He loved it and told PERSON to market them ! Now , PERSON owns a cookie bakery !	PERSON was a famous cookie maker . He invented a new cookie today . The cookie was made of chocolate , peanut butter , and caramel . He gave the cookies to an orphanage . The orphanage loved them and was grateful for his cookies .
reunion	Our neighbors PERSON and her son PERSON were away all summer . We had not seen them since June . Yesterday I went outside to read and saw them . They invited me over to their apartment for coffee . I said I was pleased to see them again .	PERSON called me up , Monday . He 's going to be in town this week . I have n't seen him since graduation . We 're going to go out to eat and maybe see a show . Hopefully we 'll pick up where we left off .	PERSON and PERSON had been best friends since childhood . They grew apart when each attended a different college . Then , years later , they met by chance at a cafe . They chatted for hours , catching up . When they parted , they both agreed to see each other more often !	PERSON got his invitation to his 10 year high school reunion . PERSON knew he needed to be in better shape for that ! PERSON worked out for an hour every day for four months . He lost 35 pounds before the reunion . At the reunion , everyone told PERSON he looked exactly the same !	A woman came into the office today . She was looking to by some insurance . The broker recognized her as her old babysitter ! The woman recognized the broker . The broker decided to give her a discount on the broker fee .	PERSON went to her hometown bar . She saw a lot of people from high school . PERSON did n't like the people that she ran into . PERSON left the bar after a short time . She does n't go to that bar anymore .	Will got a call from a cousin he had n't seen in twenty years . She invited Will to attend a family reunion . Will accepted the invitation . At the reunion PERSON saw relatives he had n't seen since childhood . Will really enjoyed catching up with his relatives .	PERSON had n't seen her father since she was young . She reached out to him and set up a meeting . She was very nervous , but also a bit excited . She met her dad at a local restaurant . PERSON and her dad spent hours catching up and had a great time .	PERSON was meeting her friends at a restaurant . She had n't seen them in years . The women were seated at a table . They ate and drank for hours . The women decided to continue the party at a local bar .
betrayal	PERSON had been with PERSON for awhile . But one day she saw him kiss someone else . PERSON was horrified . She decided to leave him . She never looked back .	PERSON 's girlfriend was heartbroken . He had kissed her best friend ! She told them she did n't want to talk to either of them again . PERSON was so mad at himself . He knew he 'd made a huge mistake .	PERSON decided to surprise his girlfriend with two tickets to a concert He called his girlfriend but she said she was sick . PERSON decided to bring PERSON with him instead . At the concert , he saw his girlfriend kissing another man . He broke up with her in front of everyone .	PERSON had a crush on PERSON . She then found out so did her friend PERSON . PERSON had told all their other friends about it . PERSON had been the only person who did n't know about it . PERSON felt more than a little betrayed by PERSON .	PERSON was running for office . His friends endorsed him but kept saying mean things . PERSON 's friends were also running for office . PERSON decided not to endorse them . They felt very betrayed by it .	PERSON is best friends with PERSON . PERSON 's boyfriend hates PERSON . One day PERSON plays a prank on PERSON 's boyfriend . He gets so mad he tells PERSON not to speak to PERSON . PERSON and PERSON never speak again .	PERSON had a very dark secret and needed someone to talk to . She had been abused by her stepfather when she was a child . PERSON felt PERSON needed to speak to her father and confront him . PERSON called up PERSON 's father and told him he better come clean . PERSON and PERSON never spoke again .	PERSON had a girlfriend named PERSON . PERSON 's best friend , PERSON started flirting with her . PERSON ended up having sex with LOCATION . After finding out this , PERSON was crushed . He broke off his friendship and relationship .	My niece 's child , K , is 17 . Her father promised to take her to LOCATION this summer . She was going with her half sister . The father told my niece he wanted money to take K on the trip . K was upset that her father was so miserly , and did not go .
lost phone	PERSON placed her cell phone on the seat of her car . She went inside , leaving the phone . PERSON did n't remember where she put the phone . She dialed her phone number from another phone . PERSON 's phone rang , allowing her to find it .	PERSON could n't find his phone . He asked a friend to call it . That did n't help much . PERSON eventually gave up . He found it days later looking for something else .	PERSON was drunk home alone . She decided to drunk text ex boyfriends . After a while she lost her phone . PERSON looked for it for a while . It took her three days to find it again .	PERSON needed to call her mom . PERSON 's phone had been missing all morning . PERSON looked all around her house . PERSON found her phone under her couch . PERSON called her mom .	PERSON lost his phone . He had just been on a bus . He went to the station 's lost and found . Luckily he found his phone there . PERSON was very appreciative .	PERSON was out with some friends . They were at the movies seeing the latest superhero movie . The movie ended and it was time to go home . PERSON reached into his back pocket to call his parents . PERSON could n't feel his phone and had lost it at the movies .	PERSON went out to eat at a diner . After she left she realized her phone was missing . PERSON returned to the diner . She asked the hostess if she had seen her phone . The hostess returned the lost phone to Mart .	PERSON was looking forward to her basketball game this afternoon . She entered the gym and left her backpack on the bleachers . After the game , she could n't find her phone in her backpack . She was sad all night and in the morning checked in the office . She was happy to learn that someone had turned in her phone .	PERSON lost his cell phone . Fortunately , he had previously bought the protection plan . He went online and filled out a form for lost and stolen phones . He paid a small fee to have his provider send him a replacement phone . PERSON ' new phone arrived the next day .
bed	I had not had any sleep for 3 days due to being worried . I laid down on my bed and closed my eyes . I could see images of my problems flashing before my eyes . Since I could not fall asleep , I got up from bed . I sat at my desk and continued to worry .	PERSON went to work . He came home late at night . PERSON was very tired . He laid down in his bed . He fell asleep quickly .	I was very , very tired . So I put on my pajamas . I went to make my bed . However , there was an alligator in my bed . I fell asleep next to it .	PERSON woke feeling tired every morning . She decided to splurge on a new bed . She replaced her old one with a comfortable new one . Soon she was waking with more energy . PERSON was glad she 'd bought the new bed !	My granddaughter sleeps in a crib . She has outgrown her crib . Her father bought her bed . He wants to set it up in two weeks . Her mom is sad , as she does n't want her baby to grow up .	PERSON had a very big bed . It was so big that five people could fit . One day , he realized he could buy a smaller bed . PERSON rushed to the store to buy a smaller bed . After that , PERSON was a lot more comfortable .	PERSON bed was very old . He needed a new one . So PERSON threw out his old one . PERSON drove to the store and looked for a new bed . PERSON found the best bed and bought it .	I wanted a more comfortable bed . I thought it might alleviate back pain . I bought a memory foam mattress . It still was n't enough to feel better . I then bought a memory foam topper .	The boy hid under the bed . His brother jumped on top of it . The sound scared the boy . The boy screamed out . His brother jumped up in surprise .
teacher	PERSON wanted to become a teacher for middle school . She was n't completely sure how to go about becoming that . PERSON started looking into the training needed . She decided on a set class schedule for herself . PERSON eventually became a teacher after years of training !	PERSON loved working with kids . She decided to become a teacher . PERSON was scared the kids would n't like her . PERSON bought cupcakes for the kids . All the kids love her because of the cupcakes !	I wanted to be a teacher but I do n't like people . I wrote lesson plans showing people how to use money . I videotaped myself explaining money lessons to the camera . I contracted to sell my videos on AMAZON DOT COM . Now I am teacher just not in the traditional sense .	PERSON had a conference with her son PERSON 's teacher . PERSON had 2 fights in a week and this needed to stop . The teacher explained he and another boy seemed to dislike each other . PERSON wanted to know what needed to be done . PERSON was shocked when the teacher suggested And see a psychologist .	PERSON had always wanted to be a teacher . Since he was a kid , he always liked the job . After working hard in school , he went to college . He got a job that paid well as well . Then , PERSON became a teacher for the rest of his life .	The teacher caught the student . The teacher asked the student to stay after class . The teacher lectured the student . The student acted sorry . The teacher let him off with a warning .	PERSON was very late to class one day . She begged the teacher to not punish her . She was always a teacher 's pet so the teacher did n't punish her . PERSON was so excited and then she was late the next day . However , this time , the teacher punished her heavily .	PERSON wanted to be an elementary school teacher . She always dreamed of working with children . But her dreams changed after she was hired at a local school . She became sick of dealing with kids and parents . And she wished she never became a teacher .	PERSON hated his teachers . He did n't appreciate the way they taught . He wished they would reach out to him to teach him . Ironically he decided to teach so other kids would n't struggle . Now he is helping kids who would otherwise hate learning too .
headache	I had a massive headache . I decided to take some pain pills . I took three pills . Afterwards , I realized I overdosed ! I learned to be more careful about reading medicinal directions .	PERSON had a really bad headache . He took some tylenol and went to bed . In the morning when he woke up his head still hurt . He took more tylenol and went right back to bed . PERSON slept all day .	PERSON went to school that day with a headache . She had a big test and was afraid to fail it because of the pain . She looked in her bag but found no medicine . She then asked a friend to give her some aspirin and took it . The headache went away but she failed the test anyway .	I wanted to stop drinking caffeine . I decided to go cold turkey . The next morning I skipped coffee . By afternoon I had a horrible headache . I desperately drank a huge mug of soda .	PERSON had a bad headache . He had taken medicine twice . He still had the headache . PERSON finally took a nap . The headache went away .	PERSON had a huge headache . He tried to sleep it off . He woke up with a bigger headache . He then took some medicine . After an hour the headache was gone .	PERSON woke up with a bad headache . She took a headache pill and drank a glass of water . PERSON 's medicine always make her feel sleepy . She lied down on the couch and took a nap . When she woke up , she felt much better .	After coming coming home from school , I was trying to my homework . I spent an hour staring at a problem that was confusing . Since it was too complicated , I started to get a headache . Eventually , my nose started running . I stopped doing my homework and went to bed .	PERSON woke up with a headache . He called in sick to work . Then he took a few aspirin . Soon he was feeling better . The next day , he returned to work .
shoe shopping	Will was looking for a new pair of running shoes . Will went to his local sporting goods store . Will compared styles , fits and prices . Will finally made his choice - a pair of New Balance shoes . PERSON went home feeling good about his purchase .	PERSON 's daughter was outgrowing her shoes . PERSON took her to the shoe store . The clerk measured her feet . They tried on several pairs of shoes . PERSON bought a pair of shoes for her daughter .	PERSON needed heels for prom . She went to three stores . But she could n't find any shoes to match her dress ! She asked her mom for help . Her mom lent her the perfect pair of shoes !	PERSON really wanted a new pair of shoes . Eager for money , he took a local paper route . For five weeks , he delivered the news to his neighbors . Each paycheck brought him closer to his goal . After more than a month , he was able to buy great new sneakers !	PERSON wanted to take her daughter ally shoe shopping . The two of them went to PERSON PERSON on fifth avenue to look . As soon as they walked in , ally grabbed about four pairs of shoes . Each one fit perfectly . PERSON ended up buying all of them for her .	PERSON needed new shoes . The first store she visited did not have a pair she liked . Neither did the second , third , or fourth store . PERSON visited six shoe stores before finding the perfect pair . She went home tired , but happy with her new shoes .	PERSON went to the mall to shop for shoes . When she walked into the store she saw sale signs . PERSON read that all shoes were half price . She went immediately to the shoe department . PERSON bought eight pairs of shoes .	PERSON measured her foot to get her shoe size . She tried on a pair of shoes . She walked around the store in them to see how they fit . She took them to the counter and purchased the shoes . She left the store and took them home to put in her closet .	PERSON loves shopping for shoes . PERSON saw a pair of shoes that he loved ! PERSON asked the salesperson if the store had shoes in his size . Sadly , the store was all out of that shoe in PERSON 's size . The salesperson ordered shoes in the correct size for Alex.
new cat	PERSON got a new cat . She found it on the side of the road . It took her a while to house break it . Eventually they both got along great . PERSON was happy with her new pet .	PERSON really wanted a new cat . She begged her parents over and over for one . Unfortunately they said no . Luckily however on her birthday , they gave in . PERSON was finally able to get a cat .	PERSON wanted to get a cat as a pet . He went to the shelter to get a cat . He picked one out and took the cat home . The instant the cat arrived , it scratched all of PERSON 's furniture . PERSON instantly regretted getting a cat .	PERSON 's cat died after ten years . He mourned for a few weeks before deciding to get a new cat . PERSON went to the pet store but on his way he heard noise in an alley . Looking in the alley , he found a skinny , filthy cat . PERSON took the cat home and soon the two were best friends .	PERSON had a cat . He decided to get another one . The two cats did n't get along . PERSON tried his best to get them to live together . It never worked and he had to get rid of one .	The family went to the kennel to find a new cat . Papa sat down and let the kids choose which one they wanted . The kids each wanted a different cat . One cat crawled into Papa 's lap and fell asleep . The family all agreed they would be taking Papa 's cat home .	On this day in 2011 , my sister in law got a new cat . Her 17 year old daughter PERSON wanted a second cat . Her parents said they did not want one . PERSON took a kitten home anyway . The parents were angry , but the cat is still there .	Last week I got a new cat . I loved the cat . The only problem was that she seemed scared of me . I then started giving her a lot of treats . She then ended up linking me .	PERSON always wanted a new kitten . She had never had a pet before . She begged her parents to let her get one . Finally they said yes . PERSON jumped for joy .
train	I took my son to LOCATION . He said he wanted to go on a train . I agreed to take him on a train . I booked two tickets for a train from LOCATION to LOCATION . My son had a great time on the train !	PERSON was riding the subway home from work . He got engrossed in his newspaper . He did n't even notice when the subway passed his stop ! By the time he realized , it was too late . PERSON had to walk back four blocks .	My husband and I boarded a train . About four hours into the journey , an announcement was made . The border had been closed and we had to get off the train . We had to find a bus to our destination instead . After hours of waiting , we finally found one .	I wanted to travel on a train , since I had never done it before . I researched and planned a trip to a nearby city . On the day of the trip , I boarded excitedly . The ride was fun and enjoyable . My trip was good , and I got to experience something new .	PERSON was riding the train to work in the morning . The area was very crowded . PERSON was in a rush . As people were crowding in the train PERSON pressed the close button . Someone got caught in the door and slightly injured .	PERSON was waiting for a train . She had three heavy bags with her . Finally the train pulled into the station . A train attendant helped put her bags on the train . PERSON left the station aboard the train .	Every night PERSON heard the train whistle , high and lonesome . One day she decided to see where it went . She rode her bike for miles along the tracks alone . When she ended up downtown , she turned to head back . She had n't known how far she was from home !	PERSON commutes on the train to work every day . He usually sits alone , but today a nice lady sat next to him . They chatted about their jobs and homes . PERSON asked for her number . She gave her number and PERSON was happy to have a new friend .	PERSON was on the train . He went to the bathroom . Suddenly he was locked in . People started recording it . The train conductor got him out .
credit card	PERSON decided to get a credit card . PERSON went shopping and used the credit card frequently . PERSON spent thousands of dollars with his credit card . PERSON realized he was in debt from his credit card spending . PERSON cut up his credit card .	PERSON went to get her credit card and could n't find it . She suspected her son had stolen it . She went to his room and asked him if he had taken it . Her son admitted that he had taken it to buy drugs . PERSON convinced her son to go into rehab .	I yelled at a telemarketer yesterday . He wanted to sign me up for a new credit card . He said I could use it to pay for a fancy vacation . I got really mad because he told me to be irresponsible . I hung up the phone on him .	PERSON had just turned 18 years old . He wanted all of the responsibilities and freedoms of an adult 's life . PERSON applied for a credit card at a booth at his school . PERSON was happy to learn he was approved for the credit card . PERSON was excited and proud to embark on adulthood owning a credit card .	I finally paid off my credit card . I had been paying on it for months . A year ago , I had used it to pay for an online class . I almost paid it off , then I used it to pay for a vacation . Finally , both the class and the vacation are all paid off .	The bank employee investigated credit card fraud . She found that one card was used to buy five hundred gift cards . She contacted the card owner . The card owner had n't made the purchases . The employee issued the card owner a different card to use .	PERSON got a credit card . He bought everything from clothes to shoes . He used the card to its limit . Now bill was broke . After making monthly payments , he had good credit again .	PERSON got offered a credit card . She accepted the offer . She thought it would be good to build up her credit . PERSON then started to spend too much money . PERSON is now in debt .	PERSON had never had a credit card her whole life . She noticed that her credit score was very low . PERSON applied for a credit card immediately . She made sure she paid her bill every month on time . Now her credit score is rising .
fish	I had an aquarium inside my house . The goldfish in the aquarium looked bored . I decided to eat him to put him out of his misery . He tasted pretty good . My wife called me a monster and did n't talk to me for two days .	My wife decided to buy fresh fish for dinner . She went to the local supermarket . The fish section did not have cod or haddock . Sh had to buy sole instead . The fish was thin but tasty .	PERSON was nine and she was obsessed with mermaids . She was excited when her family took a trip to the ocean . She was sure she 'd spot a mermaid there ! But after hours of observation , she 'd seen nothing ! PERSON still had a good time , though .	PERSON and her dad were fishing one afternoon . PERSON caught a big sturgeon . Her dad helped her clean it . Then PERSON 's mom fried it up for dinner . PERSON was proud for feeding her family !	The man caught a fish . He measured its length . It was below the minimum length . He thought about keeping the fish . He put the fish back in the river .	PERSON went fishing . He caught a salmon . He took it home and butchered it . He made a poached salmon filet for dinner . He found it delicious .	There was a beautiful fish in the stream . Daddy went fishing . He caught it ! Mother fried it in a pan . Baby ate it right up !	There was a fisherman who went out every night . Usually he catches a fish every night . Yesterday he did n't catch any dish because he had to leave early . There was a big storm coming and he wanted to be safe . His friends made fun of him but he was happy he stayed inside .	PERSON was leaving for school . But then she hurried back inside . She had forgotten to feed her fish ! She quickly gave them some flakes . Then she left for school .
the casino	The couple took a trip to LOCATION LOCATION . They did n't know how to gamble but thought they 'd give it a go . They put $ 100 on the roulette table . The casino employee spun the wheel . The couple won $ 200 !	I just moved to LOCATION LOCATION so I 've always wanted to go to a casino . So me and my mom decided on visiting one as soon as possible . We got prepared , and off we went in our car . As we entered all we saw was machine noises and lights everywhere . I sat down , pulled out my wallet and prepared myself to lose money .	The friends were ready to have a fun weekend . They went to a casino near their homes . They had never gambled before . They lost hundreds of dollars . They decided they did n't like gambling after all .	My parents enjoy going to the casino . When I turned 21 they took me with them . I had no luck with the slot machines or betting on the races . My parents made out pretty well and each won a nice sum . Ever since I leave the gambling to my parents .	I am so very mad at myself . I went to the casino last night to play some free bonus they gave me . I ended up spending a lot of money . I am now short on some bills . I will never do that again .	PERSON had never gambled before . He decided to go to a casino for the first time . He took a budgeted amount . Once he started PERSON kept gambling . He lost more money than he planned .	The couple was on vacation in LOCATION LOCATION . They went to a casino on their first night . They lost a ton of money ! They were so depressed , they left the casino . They spent the rest of the night at the bar .	PERSON and her friends went to a casino . She had never been before and did n't think she would win any money . PERSON tried a slot machine and hit the jackpot on the second try . She received a huge payout . That night , she treated her friends to a fancy dinner with the money .	PERSON was nervous . He 'd just bet $ 1000 on a poker hand . He could barely look at his cards . When he did , he saw he won ! He was having a lot of fun at the casino !
PERSON goes shopping	PERSON 's girlfriend of 3 Year 's has just broken up with him . He is afraid that his clothing is not cool enough for him to date . He asks a friend to come find some nice new sneakers with him . They have a great day shopping for sneakers . Now PERSON feels he can move on and find a new girlfriend .	PERSON has an empty fridge . She decides to go grocery shopping . She picks out turkey , vegetables and cheese . She drives herself home . PERSON enjoys a healthy , homemade dinner .	PERSON was an older guy in his 40 's . He had never really been hip to the times and fashion . His daughter decided enough was enough . She took him shopping for some new clothes . PERSON was happy his daughter took him shopping for new clothes .	PERSON realizes he has been spending too much money in restaurants . He decides to start cooking more at home . He goes to the grocery store and buys rice , vegetables , and meat . Over the next few weeks , he cooks at home a lot . PERSON is happy that he is going to restaurants less than he used to .	PERSON wanted eggs for breakfast . He realized that he was out of eggs . PERSON went to the grocery store to buy some . He purchased a dozen eggs and a quart of milk . PERSON enjoyed his breakfast when he got home .	PERSON realized he had no food in the house . His wife was out of town on business . PERSON had to go buy groceries by himself , which he had never done . He walked into the store and was overwhelmed . PERSON decided to just order takeout for the rest of the week .	PERSON wanted to rebrand himself . He was tired of all his friends calling him uncool . So he decided to head to the mall . He bought all new clothes to make him cool . PERSON was very happy about his trip to go shopping .	PERSON went to the store to buy turkey for dinner . PERSON got to the meat section and found turkey on sale . PERSON bought 3 whole turkeys . She decided she would store 2 in her freezer . PERSON went home and enjoyed the turkey she bought for dinner .	PERSON had recently gotten a divorce from his wife . He had never really gone shopping as she took care of those things . PERSON had no idea where to start . He was a little nervous about picking up what he needed and did n't . PERSON conquered his fears and went into the store to buy what he needed .
LOCATION LOCATION trip	One day PERSON went to LOCATION LOCATION . First she drove across the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . Then she went to Fisherman 's Wharf . Finally she went to LOCATION LOCATION . She had a great time .	The family decided they would travel to LOCATION LOCATION . It was their dream to see monkeys and sloths ! They planned the trip and were so excited . They spent a week exploring and watching nature . They took great photos and made great memories !	One day PERSON took a trip to LOCATION LOCATION . First he went to the French Quarter . Then he went to LOCATION LOCATION . Finally he went to LOCATION LOCATION . He had a great time .	One day PERSON went to LOCATION LOCATION . First she went to LOCATION LOCATION . Then she went to SeaWorld . Finally she went to the USS Midway Museum . She had a great time .	One day PERSON took a day trip to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . First he went to the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . Then he went to the 9/11 memorial . Finally he went to the Statue of Liberty . He had a great time .	One day Katrina went to LOCATION LOCATION . First she went to PERSON PERSON PERSON . Then she went to WaterFire . Finally she visited LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . She had a great time .	I went to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . It was a great trip to learn my pageant routine . I got to stay on LOCATION and meet with a choreographer . I tap danced and practiced . I then flew back home .	PERSON wanted to go on a trip to LOCATION LOCATION . It as a trip to celebrate her pregnancy . Her sisters came along with her . The girls had a lot of fun . They had memories to last a lifetime .	One day Katrina went to LOCATION LOCATION . First she went to Mission Santa Barbara . Then she went to PERSON PERSON . Finally she went to the LOCATION LOCATION . She had a great time .
driving	PERSON was striving towards getting her license to drive . PERSON studied the driving manual very hard . When getting to the DMV it was crowded people everywhere . PERSON took her number and sat down until called up . The test was taken and bertha passed and got her license .	I was driving with my dad the other day . He 's a very safe driver . Before we start the care , he makes sure I buckle myself in . One day another car hit us while we were driving . I 'm glad i was wearing a seat belt .	PERSON was an office employee . PERSON had a long commute to work . PERSON listened to the radio on the way . PERSON enjoyed listening to NPR in the mornings . PERSON grew to love listening to NPR for his entire life .	PERSON drove down the left lane . A car approached him from behind . PERSON got in the left lane to let the car pass . The driver in the car passed PERSON . He waved at PERSON as he passed .	PERSON was really angry . So she decided to take a drive and listen to loud music . But someone cut into her lane without signaling . And PERSON only became angrier . PERSON decided to drive the person off the road and was never caught .	PERSON wanted to be a famous race car driver . He built a car and raced at the local track . PERSON won the local championship his first year . PERSON has become a local sensation . PERSON is now racing for a professional team and living his dream .	A few years ago I was teaching my brother how to drive . He was incredibly nervous , which made me nervous as well . I would yell when he would mess up , and make him mess up more . I eventually figured out to stay calm and help him do the same . He is a very accomplished driver now , and I was glad to help .	I got my drivers license today . My first trip was to the grocery . A fellow driver did not use his blinker and ran into me . I called the police and filed a report . The other driver had to pay for the damages .	PERSON is working to get a new car . His current car is totaled after an accident . He gets financing and a loan in order . He finds his perfect dream car . Now PERSON drives a Ford Bronco .
the picnic	One day the Ash family went on a picnic . However some ants got to the sandwiches . They had to prepare new ones . They kept them safer the second time . They ended up having a lot of fun .	One day PERSON decided to have a picnic . First he packed the food . Then he brought it to the top of a hill . Then he ate and enjoyed the view . It was a pleasant afternoon .	PERSON and PERSON wanted to go on a picnic on a sunny day . PERSON packed a lunch . They got in the car and drove to the park as the sun shone on them . When they arrived at the park it began to rain . PERSON and PERSON decided to have the picnic in the car instead .	PERSON decided to go for a picnic . He packed sandwiches and chips . At the picnic spot , he decided to rest a bit before eating . Unfortunately , while he rested some ants got into the picnic basket . The ants started eating the food and PERSON had to go hungry !	My girlfriend planned a picnic for us last weekend . It was a sweet gesture . We picked a nice area and set up a sheet and ate sandwiches . Unfortunately within minutes we were overrun by ants . We got bit so much we had to go home early .	PERSON told his mother he wanted to have a picnic at the park . They went to the grocery store to get the food they wanted . PERSON 's mother packed up sandwiches , fruit and drinks . They walked to the park and spread out their picnic blanket and food . They enjoyed the sunshine and talked as they ate their lunch .	PERSON and PERSON went to the park yesterday . They had planned a nice picnic . PERSON brought some wine . The weather was perfect . They had a nice afternoon .	PERSON wanted to have a picnic . She had seen many picnics on TV . They always had a basket , and a red checkered blanket . She found a basket to use . But she had no red checkered blanket .	The family decided to go on a picnic . They packed a big lunch to take with them . When they got to the park , mom went to get the lunch . They had left the lunch at home . They went out to eat instead .
pets	I love having pets . When i was in grade school , i had hamster . But they all died , so i decided to replace it with guinea pig . But they also died so i decided to replace it with a puppy . And now my dog is now more than two years old and healthy .	I was petting my cat yesterday . It tried to scratch my hand . I told it not to . It tried to do it again . I again thought talking to it was the best course of action .	PERSON went to the pet store the other day . She was going to get a fish . But then saw the cutest puppy and wanted it . Her mom told her she could n't just the fish . PERSON now has a goldfish named Puppy .	My cat was sleeping in my lap . The dog ran into the room She jumped up onto our chair . The cat woke up angrily and hissed . The dog ran away , scared .	PERSON hated working at the vet clinic . She hated the animals and she hated the people . PERSON thought all of them were stupid and constantly denigrated them . People suggested maybe she should look for another job . PERSON dismissed the idea with a fresh bevy of excuses and complaints .	I need a pet . My mom decided to help me pick a pet . We went to the pet store to look around . I found a beautiful fish . My mom bought me the fist .	My sister wanted to get a rabbit for a pet . Rabbits poop all over the house . My mom still got her the pet . The rabbit was named PERSON , and was very calm . The only place it ended up pooping , was in my room .	My son had always wanted a pet . I found two cats that needed a new home . We decided to bring them home . My son feeds them every morning . Being a pet owner makes him happy .	PERSON was a ten year old boy . PERSON lived with his parents . PERSON wanted a pet . His parents did not allow pets in the house . PERSON cried .
paintball	PERSON and her dad went to play paintball one afternoon . They suited up and loaded their guns . Then they ran off to shoot and score ! To her dad 's surprise , PERSON won easily ! She was very proud of her speed and great aim !	PERSON peaked around the corner . He was on the lookout for anyone that might be following him . The coast was clear and he breathed a sigh of relief . PERSON looked at his gun to ensure it was fully loaded . He loved playing paintball on the weekends more than anything .	PERSON had never played paintball . I took PERSON to play for her first time . When I shot her with a paint ball she began to cry . The paintball left a bruise . PERSON says she will never play paintball with me again .	PERSON had some friends who were really into paintball . PERSON had never been . They took him to a paintball tournament that weekend . PERSON had the time of his life ! Now PERSON goes to paintball two weekends a month without fail !	The boys decided to go play paintball . They went down to a local location . They split up into two teams . They then decided to play capture the flag . Everyone had fun and was covered in paint .	I played paintball in the woods . I crossed the enemy lines . I was with two teammates . An enemy player popped up from the bushes . We surrendered .	Kia went to play paintball with her dad . He made it sound like fun . But when they arrived , Kia got a shock . The paintballs hurt very badly ! Kia quit the game right away !	PERSON went to play paintball with his friends . He thought it would be fun . But he was in for a surprise . Getting hit with paintballs was painful , not fun ! PERSON woke up covered in bruises the next day !	PERSON was playing paintball with her boyfriend . She had never played paintball before . PERSON got shot several times during the match . Her skin made welts where she was hit . PERSON decided never to play paintball again .
thanksgiving dinner	PERSON was looking forward to the Thanksgiving break from school . Her family decided to start a new tradition this year . Rather than the typical meal , they were going to cook for others . PERSON and her family went to the homeless shelter for Thanksgiving . They felt blessed as they helped serve Thanksgiving dinner to so many .	PERSON was a vegan . But she still wanted to celebrate Thanksgiving . So she decided she was going to still show up . She simply bought a tofu turkey . It was not like the real thing but it was good enough .	PERSON was hosting lunch for her family 's Thanksgiving dinner . She had forgotten to defrost the turkey . There was no way that she could cook the turkey in time . PERSON quickly defrosted a couple of chickens . PERSON cooked the chickens for dinner instead .	It was the first year PERSON had dinner at her house . Everyone went over for Thanksgiving . She was nervous about the whole thing . Luckily everything went smoothly . Everyone complimented her for the food .	PERSON would be celebrating thanksgiving alone . He was unable to make the flight to see his family . On Thanksgiving day he ordered pizza . He ate the pizza by himself . He was happy that he was at least able to call his family later .	The PERSON 's wanted to have a family dinner . It was Thanksgiving and they wanted a tradition . Unfortunately they burned the turkey . They also messed up the sides . They wound up eating pizza instead .	The PERSON family Thanksgiving dinner was here . PERSON PERSON had prepared the turkey . She absolutely hated it even though she had cooked it . Everyone thought it was funny . They told the story every year at Thanksgiving from then on .	It was thanksgiving and my family was visiting me . They all showed up to my house in the afternoon . Around early evening , it was time to eat . I carved the turkey , and we enjoyed our meal and talked . After dinner , we had some pies that my wife baked .	PERSON never had Thanksgiving dinner at his house . This was going to be his first year . He was too nervous and had issues at home . PERSON had to cancel the dinner . His family understood the situation .
baseball	PERSON decided to join the baseball team . He made a plan to practice every day . He ended up missing several days of practice . At his first game he was nervous . He did not perform well .	A group of neighborhood children were playing baseball outside . A particularly large child hit the ball dead center , and it flew high ! The ball was headed for the house of a well known grouch . The children were afraid what would happen if a window were to break . The supposed grouch jumped from behind the fence , and caught the ball !	PERSON wanted to play baseball with his son PERSON . He bought a ball and bat . Then he taught Matt the rules . He and matt began practicing . Soon they were playing baseball every day together !	PERSON was trying to learn how to play baseball . He wanted to learn the curve ball but could n't get it down . Fortunately his dad knew baseball very well . He started getting lessons from his dad . The next week he tried out for the baseball team and made it !	PERSON wanted to see a baseball game . He asked his mother to take him . She said yes . PERSON was very excited to go to the game . He even caught a foul ball !	PERSON loved to watch baseball . She closely followed her favorite team . She wanted to go to a game but could not afford tickets . She entered a radio contest for baseball tickets . PERSON won the contest and went to her favorite team 's game .	I threw the ball to the correct base . My brother had to stay on his base . He taught me to throw ahead of him . Then he had no chance to advance . This was a video game .	PERSON believed he was a great baseball player . He decided to try out for the all star team . He kept advancing to the different rounds . Soon PERSON was in the finals . PERSON did not make the all star team after finals .	I play baseball in an adult league . Last week , we had our last home game . I was up to bat and I hit a double . My teammate also got a hit and I was able to score . We won the game and it was a good time .
PERSON 's kitten	PERSON was playing outside when she found a kitten . The kitten was scared and would n't let PERSON near him . PERSON brought the kitten some food and water . The kitten cautiously approached the food and water . The kitten felt safe and let PERSON pet him .	PERSON had a kitten and his name was jasper . One day she was outside with jasper and he got away from her . He ran up the tree and was afraid to come down . PERSON had to call the fire department to help her . The fire department came and rescued jasper and madelynn was so happy .	PERSON saw a kitten all alone outside one day . She looked hungry so she begged her dad to take it in . She agreed and they welcomed it into the family . One day her older brother left the window open . PERSON 's kitten got out and was never seen again .	PERSON wanted to play with her kitten , Snowball . She looked everywhere for Snowball , but could n't find him . Finally , PERSON looked in the laundry basket . She saw Snowball lying there , fast asleep . PERSON decided she would play with Snowball after he finished napping .	PERSON always wanted a kitten . One day , she saw a lonely kitty walking alone . She brought the kitten home and named it PERSON . PERSON 's parents let her keep PERSON as long as PERSON took care of her . PERSON loved PERSON very much and they became best friends .	PERSON had a little grey kitten . PERSON loved to play with her kitten . One day she decided to dress her kitten in doll clothes . The kitten did not like being dressed in the doll clothes . It became afraid and hissed , so PERSON never did that again .	PERSON walked to school every day . One morning , on her way to school , she found a kitten . She carried it to class in her jacket . The teacher was upset and called PERSON 's mom . Now , PERSON 's family has a kitten .	PERSON found a tiny kitten wandering in the street . She wanted to keep the kitten , but her lease did not allow pets . She asked her mother if she could keep the kitten for a short while . Her mother agreed to keep the kitten for a few months . PERSON found a new apartment , and brought the kitten to live with her .	PERSON was a lonely kid . He had just moved to a new neighborhood where he did n't know anyone . PERSON 's mother was worried about him . She decided PERSON needed a companion , so she got him a kitten . PERSON was very happy to have his fuzzy friend .
virus	PERSON was researching information for his project . As soon the page tried to load , the site was redirected . A graphic site appeared on the screen . PERSON tried to close it . However , more pop ups appeared .	PERSON was doing office work on her computer . But she noticed a pop up that she could n't close . She spent hours trying to look for a solution . But her son simply installed a program that removed the virus . PERSON felt stupid but enlightened at the same time .	I got a weird email this morning from a friend . I was hesitant to open it but it seemed to reference a project . It had an attachment but I did n't open it . I opened the email and read the contents and it seemed harmless . Just got word that several friends received suspicious emails from me .	I was browsing the internet when a pop-up screen appeared . It said I had a virus on my computer and gave me a number to call . Worried that I had a virus , I immediately called the number . The person who answered demanded $ 100 to solve my problem . He got rid of the virus after I paid with my credit card .	PERSON did n't want his younger brother , PERSON , to use his computer . But Today decided to use it when PERSON was outside . When PERSON went to his computer , he noticed several pop ups and ads . PERSON said he did n't use the computer . So PERSON blamed his grandmother .	Po 's internet was n't working . So he was sure his computer was infected by a virus . But his antivirus software was no help . His roommate accidentally turned off the antivirus software . And when PERSON used his computer next , the internet was working again .	PERSON inserted the USB port into her computer . It gave her computer a virus . PERSON examined it and it contained pornography . She started watching the videos . PERSON did n't mind that her computer caught a virus .	PERSON downloaded some music online . He listened to it . His computer began to freak out . He tried to find the problem . The computer broke because of a virus .	PERSON was visiting a foreign country on vacation . She heard that the mosquitoes there carried a dangerous virus . PERSON made sure to wear long sleeves and pants . She also wore a mesh face net so no mosquitoes could touch her . PERSON stayed safe and did not get bitten on her vacation !
computer	PERSON computer broke . He looked up online for places who fix computers . He found a good place . PERSON drove to the store and gave them his computer . They fixed it and now PERSON is happy .	PERSON was having trouble with her computer . No matter what she tried , she could n't get it to turn on . She decided to bring it into a shop to be fixed . After two hours of waiting , she was called back to the store . Her computer had been repaired , and she happily continued her day .	I was browsing the internet . Suddenly , my computer froze . I decided to ask my neighbor if he could fix it . Alas , he could not . I threw the computer away and bought a new one .	PERSON bought a new computer . He brought it home and turned it on . He was very excited to get it working . Three days later the battery in the computer broke . PERSON was sad because he forgot to buy the warranty .	A family went shopping together . They were browsing for electronics . A boy in the family pointed at a box . The box was a brand new computer . The father bought the boy a new computer .	PERSON learns how to use his laptop . He becomes obsessed with modifying games . Now he never leaves his house . The computer eventually dies . Without the computer , PERSON sees life in a new light .	PERSON wanted to buy a laptop . PERSON browsed the market for computers . PERSON decided that RAM capacity was most important . He found a laptop with 8GB of RAM . PERSON bought the 8GB RAM laptop and loved it .	PERSON works at an electronics store and just sold a computer . He tried to get the customer to buy the warranty in case it breaks . The customer did n't want to spend the extra money though . A week later the customer came back and said the computer broke . PERSON just shook his head and smiled .	PERSON needed his computer for computer science class . While he was working on a program , the computer died . PERSON called his friend to ask if he could borrow his . PERSON did n't know but his friend had just won a new computer . His friend said no to borrowing but invited him over to his house .
late for work	PERSON woke up at 7:15 in the morning . He quickly brushed his teeth and put on his work attire . He ran towards the door and realized a shoe was gone . PERSON searched frantically for twenty minutes . He finally found his shoe and was late for work as a result .	PERSON was late to work for the fifth time this month . He was normally never late but he was still worried about being fired . When he arrived , his boss called him into his office . PERSON tried to apologize to his boss and explain why he was late . But his boss told him that they needed to fire him anyways .	PERSON works in the office . She was running late this morning . She did not want her boss to find out . She sneaked into the office . She pretended she had been there since 8am .	PERSON was on his way to work . There was a wreck on the other side of the road . PERSON 's side was mostly clear . PERSON decided to look over at the wreck . He crashed and caused his own wreck causing him to be late .	PERSON left his house to go to work . He hit a traffic jam on the way . PERSON realized he was going to be late for work . He called his boss to let him know . PERSON arrived at work 15 minutes late .	PERSON turned off his alarm and went back to bed . Two hours later , he woke up . He realized he was very late for work . He tried to sneak in hoping no one would notice . His boss was standing at the door waiting for him .	I woke up . I realized I was late for work . I quickly got ready and went to the office . My boss was angry and refused to give me a promotion . I realized I needed to be better about being on time to work .	PERSON was constantly late for work . Her boss told her she would be fired if it kept up . PERSON did research and looked up better sleeping habits . She set different alarms and went to sleep earlier . PERSON was able to get to work on time .	Harry arrived late for work . He had been late twice this past week . His boss insisted that he should speak with him . Harry was nervous as he sat across from his boss . His boss told him he would be fired if he was late again .
shark attack	PERSON loved to spend every summer at the beach with his grandparents . This summer was special in that he was able to take surfing lessons . On his first trip out on the water , his instructor spotted a shark . Quickly , they ran out of the water , but not before the shark attacked . It took a bite out of the surfboard , but noone was hurt .	Familyfix spends their summer vacation at the same beach every year . They love to relax at the beach and swim in the water . This time there was a shark attack . The beach got closed for the rest of the day . The family left to spend the last week at a different beach .	PERSON lived on a boat . One morning before his daily swim he did n't look around . When he jumped in his splash attracted attention . A shark swooped in and bit him . At the hospital , PERSON checked the want ads for a house on land .	PERSON went to the beach with his friends . There was a shark warning . PERSON decided to ignore the warning . Sure enough , a shark attacked PERSON . PERSON lived but had to have his leg amputated .	PERSON went to the beach to surf . But suddenly a shark came up near him . PERSON was afraid because he never encountered a shark before . PERSON wondered whether he should stay or move fast away from the shark . PERSON chose to stay and the shark went away .	PERSON grabbed his surfboard and swam into the ocean . He saw a great looking wave and swam over to surf it . Just as he prepared to climb his board , he saw a giant shark . PERSON quickly climbed his board and tried to escape the shark . Then last minute , PERSON realized the shark was just a dolphin .	I was on a boat with a friend . We were going on a fishing spree . He threw his weight in the water . After several minutes , a small shark came and dragged the fishing pole . I held on to my friend so he would n't fall in the water .	PERSON went out surfing one day . A giant wave swept him off his surfboard . PERSON noticed a large shark in the distance speeding toward him . He swam as fast as he could and made it to the shore just in time . He ran home and the shark did n't get him .	PERSON and PERSON were hanging out on the beach . PERSON spotted a shark . He yelled , and everyone panicked . The authorities were alerted and started investigating . The shark turned out to be a dolphin .
speeding	PERSON hated taking the bus to school . So he decided to learn how to drive . Within a month , he got his license . But every morning , he sped to school . After his license was revoked , he had to take the bus again .	PERSON bought a motorcycle . He drove the motorcycle down the road in his neighborhood . He drove too fast . A cop got behind PERSON . The cop saw he was speeding and pulled him over .	PERSON sped down the road to get to his appointment . He drove so fast , his car spun out of control . It hit a large tree , nearly knocking it over . The ambulance asked him why he was in such a hurry . But he 'd hit his head so hard , he could n't recall .	PERSON was exhausted from school . She was in a hurry to go home and relax . Unfortunately , she was not paying attention to her speedometer . A policeman pulled her over and gave her a ticket . PERSON vowed to be more attentive with her driving .	PERSON was late for work one morning . He was hitting every red light . It frustrated him and he decided to speed . A cop noticed and pulled him over . That guaranteed PERSON would be late and he lost his job .	I was driving home from work on the highway one day . Suddenly , I saw red and blue lights flashing behind me . I pulled over and a cop walked up to my window . I rolled down the window and the cop gave told me I was speeding . I apologized , and then he gave me a warning and I drove home .	PERSON was driving to work one morning . He took his normal route . PERSON drives nine miles per hour faster than the speed limit . Suddenly he saw a car fly by him going insanely fast . He was able to recognize his boss ' car and was doubly surprised .	PERSON was driving us to a friend 's house . I told PERSON that he was speeding . At that moment , the lights flashed behind us . PERSON was pulled over for speeding . He was given a ticket for his poor choices .	PERSON finally got his driver 's license . And he had a lot of fun driving fast . But one day , he got a speeding ticket . And he was n't able to afford gas for another week . PERSON decided to stop speeding .
music	PERSON was on a first date . They were sitting silence . PERSON felt awkward . PERSON turned on music . Music lightened the mood and made him more comfortable .	PERSON was listening to music . PERSON was at a coffee shop . PERSON enjoyed the music very much . PERSON began dancing to the music . Everyone in the coffee shop began watching PERSON .	PERSON had a bad day at school . Kids had made fun of a music band that she really liked . She went home and put in that band 's CD . As she listened , she decided to stay true to her opinions . The next day at school , she stuck up for her musical taste .	PERSON wanted to play an instrument . He decided to attempt the drums first . He channeled his energy towards this instrument . A band member saw him and liked what he saw . He now is the drummer for a band .	PERSON went jogging one morning . He was n't paying attention and hit a tree . He fell down and broke his ipod . PERSON did n't even care and kept running . He realized though how boring it was without music .	PERSON was discussing music with his friends . His friends asked PERSON who his favorite musician was . PERSON said PERSON PERSON was the best guitar player in history . His friends listened to PERSON PERSON . His friends agreed .	PERSON wanted to get out of his record label . He ca n't because of his contract . He decided to bring in a lawyer . The lawyer did things behind the scenes . PERSON got out of the label .	PERSON had been deaf all her life , but now she was hoping to hear . Her doctor had offered her a new kind of super-powered hearing aid . She had it implanted and then waited eagerly for her first sound . And she heard hundreds , voices and music and more ! She loved those sounds so much that she became a musician .	PERSON loved to listen to rock music . He would listen to it very loud when he would go jogging . One day johnny was listening to his favorite song . He had the volume up as loud as it would go . PERSON did n't see a truck that hit him and sent him to the hospital .
old friends	I saw an old friend today . We had not seen each other in a long while . We talked for hours about how we 've been . It was so nice to see my friend . I ca n't wait for the next time we are able to catch up .	PERSON hated to get rid of his encyclopedia set . He took it the Goodwill store down the street . In his car , he silently said goodbye . The salesclerk told him they could n't accept his donation . He happily took them home .	I ran into an old friend the other day . We realized how long it had been . So , we decided to have lunch . We went for chicken wings . And , we vowed to stay in better touch .	PERSON grew up with a friend named PERSON . PERSON loved her friend and they were close . She started to realize they were n't good friends . They started to grow apart . PERSON was okay with that .	PERSON and PERSON had n't seen each other since high school . PERSON was in town , so they decided to have lunch . They hugged , and exchanged pleasantries . After that , they quickly ran out of things to say . They promised to keep in touch , but neither thought it was likely .	PERSON was in the hospital for three months . She was very lonely until her nurse came in to see her everyday . They would talk for hours as the nurse would administer medicine . Soon , PERSON was released from the hospital . They stayed friends for 20 years after she left .	The other day I was at the bar . It was a long day at work and I just wanted to relax . Out of the corner of my eye I saw PERSON , my old friend . I continued to stare forward as he walked past me . It was too long a day for old acquaintances and hollow greetings .	PERSON 's mother brought her the phone . An ex-friend PERSON was calling her . PERSON decided to cut to the chase . She asked PERSON what was being said behind her back . When PERSON froze and could n't answer PERSON said goodbye and hung up .	PERSON wanted to meet up with her friend for some coffee . It had been a long time since she 'd seen her friend . They made plans to meet at the local Starbucks . When the day arrived , PERSON 's friend was sick and could not come . PERSON decided to bring her friend some tea so she could still see her .
sledding	PERSON went to the local sledding area . He climbed to the top of the big hill . Then he waited his turn to slide down . He clambered into his sled and pushed off . He squealed with joy as he raced down the hill !	I got on the sled at the top of the hill . My son gave me a big push . I crashed into a tree halfway down . My son was yelling something at me . I had snow in my ears .	This year PERSON was going to be able to sled on her own . She hoped it would hurry up and snow ! Finally one Sunday morning she awoke to a snowy day . She ran with her sled up the hill by her house . She laughed loudly as she whizzed down the hill on her new sled .	My mom used to go sledding by her parent 's cottage . They would bring the sled up these giant sand dunes that were frozen . They would slide down them , but one time they had the unexpected . They went too fast and went all the way down to the water . The lake was n't completely frozen so they got soaking wet .	On one of my birthdays I invited all my friends to go sledding . We drove to the sledding hill and the fun began . Laughter , thrills , and excitement filled our young hearts . Eventually everyone was tired , and a few people were mildly injured . We had a great time and I will not forget that day .	PERSON had a new sled that he could n't wait to try out . Only there was n't any snow yet . Finally on Saturday morning he woke up and it had snowed . He called his friend PERSON to meet him on the hill by the school . They took turns riding down the hill on PERSON 's new sled .	PERSON took his daughter PERSON sledding for the first time . She was hesitant and afraid . But PERSON sat behind her on the sled , and held her tight . Then he pushed them together down the hill . PERSON screamed with joy as they raced downhill !	PERSON loved the snow . He saw it snow outside . He asked his mom if he could play . He took his sled . He went down the hill .	PERSON was sledding with his siblings . They were having a great time . But then PERSON 's sled overturned halfway down the hill . PERSON and his siblings toppled off into the snow ! Luckily , no one was seriously hurt .
the shower	PERSON was tired from work . He wanted to take a hot bath . He noticed his tub was really dirty . He did n't want to clean it . PERSON decided to just take a shower instead .	PERSON was hosting a baby shower at her home . She mailed out cards to the guests . PERSON planned party games to play . She decorated her home for the party . PERSON went to the store to pick up a cake .	PERSON went for a long run . He was sweaty and exhausted . He hopped in the shower to get rinsed off . He felt so much better ! The shower had refreshed him .	PERSON was at his family 's house for winter break . One day , he needed to go the bathroom so he walked down the hall . He got to the bathroom door and opened it . Suddenly , he heard a loud scream and saw his sister was in the shower . PERSON quickly apologized and closed the bathroom door .	PERSON just had new baby . It did n't really go to sleep . She did n't know if she could take a shower . It went to sleep later . She had time to take a shower .	PERSON had been hiking all day . She went home to take a shower . She could n't wait to get all the dirt off of her . She turned the knob but nothing happened . The water had been shut off !	PERSON took off his clothes and stood looking in the mirror . He popped a pimple on his face and smoothed his beard . He turned the water on and set it to hot just like he like it . When it was time to enter the shower , he put one foot under the water . Finally , he jumped under the spray of water to complete his shower .	PERSON was working hard in his bathroom . He was removing his shower and tiling it . He 'd selected a tiny mosaic tile . It was going to take a lot of work but it would be worth it . PERSON could n't wait to see the final product !	PERSON 's friends threw her a bridal shower . They decorated the room with cute decorations . They played silly games . The guests all brought gifts . It was a great time celebrating the future bride !
dog food	This morning when we woke up we did n't have any dog food . We went to the pet store to buy more dog food . The employee at the pet store helped us get the dog food . We bought the dog food . Once we got home we fed the dog .	My husband usually feeds the dogs . We use a dehydrated food mixed with water . I just tried to mix it for them and they just looked at me . One of the dogs slightly snarled . I guess I 'll wait until my husband gets home !	PERSON 's dog needed dog food . But PERSON was headed to work . Her brother had the day off . She called him to ask him if he could buy the dog food . He said yes and got the dog food and now PERSON owed him money .	PERSON took his dog to a dog park . But PERSON began to feel hungry . He took out a sandwich be brought and began to eat . But another dog bit the sandwich out of his hands . PERSON , however , had a good attitude about it .	I bought new dog food for my dog . He loved it ! One day , he fell sick . I took him to the doctor . It turns out my dog had an allergy to the dog food .	PERSON was close to running out of dog food . She did n't think there was enough to last through the weekend . She checked pet store 's hours online . The store that carried the correct food closed in 45 minutes . She was able to make it just in time .	PERSON 's girlfriend had dogs . She asked him to pick them up some food . Unfortunately PERSON did n't know much about it . He got the wrong kind of food . His girlfriend had to pick out the right kind .	PERSON poured himself a bowl of cereal for breakfast . But he realized someone played a prank on him . It was dog food . But PERSON liked how it tasted . So he had dog food cereal the next morning too .	My grandmother loves dog . One day , she went into a shop to get some dog food . She went to the cashier to pay for it . The cashier said they need evidence that my grandmother has a dog . She went back to get her dog , just for the dog food .
the poker game	Every Friday PERSON 's boyfriend played poker with his buddies . One day PERSON decided she wanted to learn how to play poker . Her boyfriend offered to teach her . She was a quick learner and had a knack for the game . That Friday she attended the weekly game and won the jackpot .	It was the last hand in the poker game . PERSON placed a dollar bet . PERSON saw PERSON ' bet and raised him fifty cents . All the other players decided to fold . Ultimately , PERSON 's strong hand won against PERSON ' weaker cards .	The neighbors decided to get together to play poker . They did n't really know how to play , so PERSON gave them a quick lesson . They all started playing and PERSON won every round ! They discovered that she had hustled them . She actually was a great poker player .	It had all come down to this . PERSON had survived the entire tournament up to this point . The river cards fell . He went all in . PERSON won the big poker tournament .	PERSON was a great poker player . He had been playing for years . He entered a tournament at a casino . PERSON easily won with little trouble . He went on to have a successful career as a professional poker player .	PERSON was playing poker with friends . He had never played before . He did terrible and lost every hand . He was out of the game very quickly . PERSON figured the game was n't for him and did n't play again .	Two brothers enjoyed playing penny ante poker . During one game they both had very high hands . They both bet all the money they had on the hand . After the hand they got in a fight . They never played poker again .	The guys got together to hang out . They decided to play poker . They all put in $ 20 . PERSON lost all the money very quickly . They decided to bail him out and let him keep playing .	There PERSON sat , waiting to play his cards . He was at his buddy PERSON 's house . Only PERSON and PERSON were left in the hand . PERSON drew his last card and laid them down . It was a full house and he won the game .
snow	It was late , and the snow was falling . PERSON PERSON looked out of his cabin . He saw footprints in the snow , leading away from his place . Panic struck PERSON 's Heart . So he grabbed his gun and went out .	The temperature has been in the 60s all week . We made so many plans about working outside . We started getting things done . We opened up the greenhouse for spring . And of course , today it snows .	PERSON woke up to snow covered trees and roads . He was so excited , it must be a snow day ! The neighborhood kids were already out with their sleds . PERSON joined the fun after a quick breakfast . After a full day of snowy fun , PERSON was exhausted and ready for bed .	I was at work when it started snowing . The day crew started calling in immediately . By the time my shift ended we had over a foot of snow . I volunteered to work over . We had a lazy snow day .	It was raining last night . This morning we woke up to rainy . Now , it has turned to snow . The snow is keeping us in our house . We 'll have to find something other than watching television to do .	Our 2 year old granddaughter lives in LOCATION It snowed heavily there over the weekend . Our daughter put winter clothes onto the child . She took the child out to enjoy the snow . Our granddaughter cried as soon as she saw the cold , and went back in .	PERSON woke up at 10 am and looked outside . She went back to sleep when she saw the sky was gray . 2 hours later she woke up . She walked passed the windows in the living room . She froze in her tracks when she realized everything was white .	PERSON loves cold weather and snow . He decided to go to college in upstate NY . NY has had an unseasonably warm winter . Today it was 50 degrees . Guess Alex wo n't see as much snow as he thought he would !	Recently , it started snowing . The snow fell for a little while , and then stopped . A few hours later , it started snowing again . It snowed all through the night . I was really mad the next morning , because I hate the cold .
spiders	PERSON tried to move across a bush . She ran into a spider web . While she was n't looking , a spider crawled on her hand . She felt it 's legs and started to freak out . I took a book and tried to hit the spider .	PERSON was always afraid of spiders while growing up . Any time that he saw a spider he would scream and stamp on it . His wife did n't appreciate it , as she believed that spiders were good . So she began to safely teach him about spiders . Now PERSON is not as afraid and even welcomes them .	PERSON 's roommate PERSON was terrified of spiders . PERSON wanted to get revenge on PERSON for previous pranks . PERSON bought a dozen plastic spiders . PERSON poured the spiders all over PERSON 's bed . PERSON laughed so hard when he heard PERSON scream at seeing the spiders .	My sister is afraid of spiders . She jumps and screams every time she sees one . I love teasing her with spiders and watching her run away . At school , my sister learned about spiders and was no longer afraid . Now I ca n't have fun teasing her about spiders .	My 19 year old niece is a Snapchat user . Yesterday she posted a video about a spider . A spider had gotten into the living room . She was trying to find it but it crept under a table . She posted a video of herself screaming .	The new fort I built in the backyard is filled with bugs . The kids avoid it because there are too many webs . I sprayed it out with Raid but did n't like that solution . Instead I got some mothballs and put them in the corners . Now the fort is free from bugs and spiders .	PERSON hates spiders . She saw one in her apartment the other day and freaked out . She screamed and ran away . It took all her courage to go back and kill it . But when she returned it was gone .	PERSON was afraid of spiders . This morning she found one in the bathtub . PERSON screamed for her younger brother to kill it . PERSON 's brother grabbed a slipper and smashed the spider . PERSON was pleased the spider was gone .	Zora studied the geometry of spiders ' webs . She drew sketches of what she saw . When she 'd collected Year 's worth of them , she published a book . Many people were interested in buying it . PERSON retired and spent the rest of her life making a spider garden .
doctor visit	I took my son to the doctor this morning because his eyes were red . We sat in the waiting room for about five minutes . While there , I read my son a book . We were then called back to the exam room where we saw the doctor . She checked his eyes and sent us on our way .	PERSON hates going to the doctor . She has had a bad cough for a couple weeks . Her husband finally persuades her to make an appointment . PERSON goes to the doctor and gets prescribed a medication . After a few days PERSON feels better .	PERSON had to go to the doctor . He was a bit nervous since he had to have blood work . He did not want to go by himself . He called his mom and she met him . All the blood work came back clear and he was relieved .	I brought my son to the doctors . He was so scared to go . He had to get a few shots . He hates getting shots . He cried the whole time .	One day I woke up and was very ill . I had a very bad stomach condition and had to go to the doctor . I went to an urgent care clinic and was just told to lay in bed . The doctor also asked me to hydrate so I did . I drank lots of water and eventually felt a lot better !	PERSON was feeling sick and made an appointment to see his doctor . The office said they could see him tomorrow . The next day he went to his appointment and he was feeling worse . The doctor gave him medicine and said to stay home and rest . PERSON was glad he had a doctor visit so he could get his medicine .	PERSON did not feel well . She decided after a week to go see her doctor . Her doctor ordered tests to be run . It was determined she needed her gallbladder and appendix out . PERSON scheduled the surgery .	Today PERSON went to the doctor . She was nervous while sitting in the waiting room . Once the nurse called her back , her nerves were under control . The doctor checked PERSON and said she was healthy . PERSON was glad there was n't anything wrong .	PERSON noticed a cloudy patch covering his left eye . He started to get scared so he called his eye doctor . The doctor gave him an appointment for Friday afternoon at three . PERSON was scared when the doctor told him he had cataracts . PERSON will be getting surgery on his eyes next month .
dentist visit	PERSON went to the dentist . He was scared and did not want to take PERSON of his teeth . Another boy saw that he was scared and came over to talk with PERSON . When PERSON heard the boy and saw he was n't scared , he took the Xrays PERSON was really proud of himself that he was able to overcome his fear	I went to the dentist for a sore tooth . I walked into the waiting room , the anxiety building . Finally , when it was my turn , I followed the nurse to the chair . The dentist drilled and drilled , taking forever . He eventually finished and I left feeling relieved the visit was over .	PERSON had a sore tooth . He went to the dentist . The dentist took an X-ray of the tooth . The dentist filled the cavity in the tooth . PERSON felt better after the dentist appointment .	PERSON was scared of dentists . Her mom drove her to the dentist for a cleaning . When they got to the dentist , she refused to leave the car . Her mom said that if she went inside she would get ice cream after . Layla let up and went into the dentist after all .	PERSON went to the dentist in the morning . She had n't been for at least two years . The assistant did x-rays on all of her teeth . The dentist informed PERSON that she had 12 cavities . PERSON sighed as she made an appointment for her first filling .	PERSON woke up with a sharp pain in her mouth . She was worried that it might be a cavity . One of her greatest fears was going to the dentist . PERSON made an appointment . It turned out that it was a buildup of plaque not a cavity .	PERSON went to the dentist . She had brushed well . The dentist noticed . The dentist also noticed that PERSON did not floss enough . The dentist told PERSON to floss every day .	PERSON had to visit the dentist . She really hated going to the dentist . She would hide in her bedroom closet whenever it was time to go . Her mother would always give her a hug for encouragement . PERSON eventually overcame her fear of the dentist .	It was time for PERSON 's dental appointment . She was terrified of him , and did n't like going . He talked soothingly throughout the appointment . She realized it was n't as bad as she thought . The cute bag with a red toothbrush she received was nice , too .
PERSON 's car	PERSON had a car . He liked to drive it around a lot . He picked up his friends and cruised around . They listened to music with the windows down . They were all sad when they had to go home .	PERSON wanted a new car . He went to the car dealership a few miles away from his house . The salesman recommended some cars that fit his needs . The salesman showed him the types of payments he would have to make . He decided to lease a car instead of buying it because of his budget .	PERSON bought his first new car a week ago . Ever since he bought it he 's been taking the long drive to work . He was so happy that even morning rush hour did n't bother him . He thought his happiness could never end . His car was stolen the next day .	PERSON bought a blue car last week . The car was beautiful and shiny . One day PERSON drove his car to work . He was talking on the phone and rear-ended another driver 's car . PERSON 's new , shiny car was totaled .	PERSON had a car that he worked on often . He saved up money to upgrade its parts so he could race it . He had been training to race in a tournament in a month . The day of the race finally came and PERSON was excited ! PERSON 's car ended up dying on him , leaving him in last place .	PERSON 's car was on its last legs . When she was driving home from work one day it broke down completely . A handsome stranger gave her a ride home . The next day she picked up her car only to find the same man there . Her rescuer was also her mechanic !	Today PERSON plans on buying a car . He has been looking online for weeks . He finally found the car he wants . He goes down to the car lot , and negotiates the price . After the negotiations , PERSON drives off with his new car .	PERSON put a for sale sign on her old car . Within hours she got several phone calls about it . After a couple test drives nobody was offering her enough money . She was ready to give up when someone offered her the right amount . Now she has enough money to buy a new car .	PERSON bought a new car . He was driving out of the dealership . He took a turn too fast and hit a car . His new car was extremely damaged . PERSON felt very badly about what he had done .
new shoes	The family went to the mall . They all needed shoes . They cooperated to find the shoe store . They all got fitted for shoes . The whole family found new shoes .	PERSON 's shoes were very old . But he insisted on keeping them . Finally , the soles wore out . And he had no choice but to buy new shoes . He was sad to throw his old ones away .	PERSON needed a pair of new shoes for work . He went to the shoe store and asked for some help . The person working there recommended steel toe boots . PERSON decided that he wanted something else . PERSON bought regular boots instead .	Pam only had two pairs of shoes . PERSON asked her the prom . She did n't have a good pair of shoes to wear . She went shopping but could n't afford anything . One day she found a pair of shoes on her doorstep .	PERSON was disappointed with how slow he could run a mile . And he blamed it on his heavy shoes . He spent hours looking for new shoes and bought the perfect pair . PERSON decided to run a mile again . But he was only a few seconds faster .	PERSON needed new shoes . The ones he wanted were too expensive . He decided to save up his money . He finally had enough saved . PERSON was excited to buy his new shoes .	Sue wanted new shoes . Her parents could not afford to buy any . Sue decided to buy them herself . She babysat all she could to save up . Sue finally had enough to buy new shoes and was proud of what she did .	PERSON had been saving his money for a while . He had his eye on a new set of sneakers . They were expensive , but he really wanted them . He must have cut every lawn in the neighborhood to get the money . When he finally bought his sneakers , he was so excited .	PERSON is a ten year old boy and really wants a new pair of shoes . His parents told him that he needed to do his chores and pay for half . PERSON completed all the chores on his list , and even added things in . Once he had his half , his parents took him to the shoe store . PERSON bought an awesome pair of red shoes and wore them home .
hospital	I was sent to the emergency room because I was cutting . They carried me on a bed from the ambulance , strapped in . The room they put me in was next to the nurse 's station . I could hear them laughing at me through the open door . I wonder if nurses see so much that they lose empathy .	PERSON went to the hospital to see his dying mother who had cancer . PERSON saw children who had cancer as well . PERSON was saddened that they got cancer at a young age . PERSON wanted to help them in any way . PERSON cheered them up , lifting up their spirits .	After the bike accident , my son was rushed to the hospital . They kept me in the insurance room , asking questions . I yelled at them to let me see my son . I found my son being treated for multiple breaks and abrasions . They told me he was going to be ok , and I was relieved .	PERSON had to drive past the hospital on her ride home . There was rarely any traffic around . Today there were more cars . They were all trying to avoid the traffic on the main streets . PERSON was not happy with the traffic , but at least it was moving fast .	PERSON got drunk and passed out . Everyone was worried about him . They decided to send for the hospital . He woke up hours later . He was fine .	PERSON was concerned about his health . He began eating healthier . He began being more active . He went to get a full blood work screening done . He passed with flying colors and no longer worried about health .	PERSON learned of bad news . He found out his mom was in the hospital . He raced to the hospital . He found her room . She was stable .	The man went to the hospital . He volunteered his time . The patients treated him poorly . The man did n't appreciate that . He found another place to volunteer .	PERSON was at the hospital . He was there to visit his brother . His brother was having eye surgery . A doctor came out and told PERSON everything was fine . PERSON was relieved and went to go chat with his brother .
PERSON 's	My wife had a day off today . We went out to breakfast . Afterward , she dropped me off at home . She to PERSON 's to buy clothes for our granddaughter . She will be gone for hours .	PERSON had a craving for PERSON 's . She asked her husband to go grab some food . Her husband wanted to eat Burger King instead . They flipped a coin to decide what to eat . PERSON won the coin toss and her husband got PERSON 's .	We went to PERSON 's in LOCATION for dinner last night . We had only gone to their take out restaurants before . We ordered drinks , dinner , and desserts . We loved the arancini appetizers . We were stuffed after the dinner .	My mom and I went to LOCATION . My favorite thing was a bookstore called PERSON 's . It was so big that when you went inside , they gave you a map . We were glad to have the map because we got lost . Luckily , a massive bookstore is not a bad place to be lost in .	PERSON and PERSON went over PERSON 's house . They had n't called ahead . When they arrived there were no cars in the driveway . No one was home . Just as they were leaving , PERSON and her family returned .	For my birthday we went to PERSON 's Deli in LOCATION . I have not been to a deli in LOCATION since 1980 . The clientele was heavily Jewish . The food was good , but skimpy . I was disappointed .	In May , my son , wife and I went out to dinner . We chose PERSON 's , a local restaurant . The food was good , but the service was terrible . Our drinks were late and we had to ask for water three times . I complained on PERSON but got no response .	The PERSON family was driving down the road . It was slick and icy in mid-December . The father hit a bad patch of ice and skidded off the road . They ended up in a snow drift . They had to call for a tow truck to get out .	PERSON went with her grandma to get the mail at the road . There was a PERSON 's catalog in the box . PERSON could n't believe all the delicious looking meals in the catalog . Her grandma let her choose 3 meals to order . PERSON felt like an adult as she chose the 3 meals .
baby bird	A baby bird was sitting in the nest . There was a big gust of wind , and the baby bird fell out of the nest . Luckily , it landed safely on the ground . The mommy bird came back to feed the baby , but could n't find it ! The mommy checked the ground and brought the baby bird back home .	PERSON found a baby bird that had fallen from its nest . She brought the bird to her brother , who knew about animals . The brother asked PERSON to dig for worms to feed the baby bird . PERSON dug and brought a worm to feed the bird . The brother stopped PERSON before she gave the bird a cutworm .	A baby bird was in a small nest . It had just grown new feathers to fly . The mother bird nuzzled the little bird with its wings . It wanted the baby bird to learn how to fly . With a push of wings , the baby bird flew high in the sky .	PERSON found a tiny bird on the ground . It had fallen from its nest ! PERSON took it inside and made it a home . Then she fed it by hand every day . Soon the bird strengthened and flew away !	PERSON noticed a baby bird on the ground in front of a tree . She looked up and saw a nest about 8 feet up . She carefully lifted the baby into the nest . The mother came back with food for her babies . She did n't seem to notice one had been touched by a person .	PERSON had a gun that she loved to shoot . She would throw frisbees into the air and shoot them down . One day while target practicing , she shot a baby bird . PERSON felt heartbroken and cried all night . The next day , PERSON sold her gun and shot no more .	While walking in his backyard , little Finn found a baby bird . It was chirping on the ground . PERSON ran to get his mom . His mom grabbed a ladder to put the baby bird back in it 's nest . PERSON was glad he found the bird .	Jean found a baby bird injured . The bird had fallen from a tree in the backyard . She took the bird inside to be treated by her mother . The bird had to stay with her family for three days . Eventually the bird was well enough to be let go outside .	Joy noticed a tiny bird on the ground . She looked up , seeing a nest a few feet above the ground . The mother bird was not in it . Joy used her scarf to lift the baby bird into the nest . She was thrilled to see the mom come back a few minutes later .
father 's day	PERSON wanted to take his father out for Father 's Day . He planned the perfect day . They ate ate a fancy diner . They then played ball in the park . It was the best Father 's Day ever !	PERSON was very poor but tried to provide for his family . He worked extra hours and took a second job . He never seemed to make enough to get ahead though . On Father 's day this year he told his family not to get him anything . When he woke up , his family was there with handmade gifts for him .	PERSON 's dad six years ago just before Father 's Day . Before he died , they would go to a ball game each year . Because his dad did die , he stopped going to any sporting event . PERSON bought tickets to a baseball game and begged him to go . During the entire game , PERSON felt depressed and sad .	PERSON 's dad was going to have a birthday soon . So LOCATION went to the store to look for a card . She found some sentimental ones . She found some cute ones . But she decided to get him a card about how much he farts .	PERSON wanted to take his dad fishing on Father 's Day . They packed all of their tackle up and left the house . PERSON 's dad remembered taking his father fishing once . Despite being on the lake for hours , they managed to catch nothing . PERSON was glad he got to spend the day with his dad , fish or no fish .	PERSON was excited to see her dad . He was always away on business but here for a few days . PERSON went to her dad 's bedroom and presented him with a box . Her dad looked surprised and asked what the gift was for . She told him it was for him being such a good father .	For Father 's Day this year , PERSON decided to take his dad fishing . He planned the day out ahead of time so it would be perfect . He picked hi dad up early in the morning and took him to breakfast . Then they hit their favorite fishing spot for the day . Neither caught much but they enjoyed their time together .	I missed father 's day this year . My father figure is not biological , so I chose the day he became dad . As a joke , I bought him a tie . I wrapped it in a box with a cute card . He said he was going to kill me if I got him a tie .	Tomorrow was father 's day . PERSON wanted to get his father a new grill . PERSON went to the store . Got a nice new grill . His father loved his new grill .
election	PERSON is running for president . His friend PERSON is also running for president . PERSON says mean things about PERSON on television . PERSON feels sad . PERSON becomes president after the election .	PERSON was running for student council . The elections were very close . PERSON hoped he would make the council ! After the votes were cast , he checked the scores . He had made it onto the student council committee !	PERSON was running for mayor of her local city ! She setup fliers and handouts for people to see what she was about . There were several debates with other candidates . She told me that no matter what she enjoyed herself . Come election day she actually won and was so excited !	PERSON was running for class president . She spent hours on her posters and her speech . On the day of the election her car broke down . She arrived too late to make her speech . PERSON lost the election .	The election was coming up soon . Voters were registered . Each party was rallying for its candidate . Election day came and the polls opened . The results were posted for each candidate .	PERSON wanted to vote in the election . Unfortunately PERSON was traveling during the election . PERSON filed an absentee ballot . PERSON voted . PERSON was happy to have voted .	PERSON wanted to be class president more than anything . Unfortunately PERSON was not very popular . But she worked very hard on her campaign . Her popular opponent did not campaign at all . PERSON lost the election in a landslide .	My husband and I had a talk . We needed to decide who to vote for . We both made our choices . We were surprised that we were n't choosing the same person . We agreed that it would n't affect our opinions of each other .	PERSON knew everyone in his class . He was very shy but always tried to introduce himself . He decided to run for class president . His opponent sabotaged him by falsifying votes . PERSON still won .
cheat	PERSON did not study for the test on Friday . He asked me if he could look off my test . I told him no . He looked off my test any way . Now he is suspended .	PERSON and PERSON were playing a game of darts . The game was very close . PERSON had more points but they did n't know it yet . When PERSON counted his score he lied and reported more . PERSON believed him and so PERSON lost .	Peely Steel like to play shooter games . His ability to predict his opponent was his best skill . He outsmarted and outmaneuvered dozens of teams . Until one day he was caught betting on himself to lose . Now he 's banned from tournament play for life .	PERSON cheated on his school essay . He plagiarized much of it . He thought he would get away with it . But somehow , his teacher discovered his crime ! She gave PERSON an F on the paper .	PERSON cheated on her math exam . She thought she was being slick about it . But the teacher caught PERSON cheating ! He pulled her aside and lectured her at length . Then he gave her a grade of zero on the exam !	PERSON started cheating on his math test . He thought he was being slick . But his teacher caught him and called him out ! She made PERSON apologize in front of the whole class . PERSON was mortified .	PERSON had a math test . But she had not studied . She decided to copy her partner 's paper . Luckily , she was not caught . She scored a B on the test by cheating .	I did n't know how to do an essay question on the test . I glanced at my classmate 's test and copied it . My teacher gave me my graded test back . He asked me to explain some concepts in the essay I had copied . Since I could not explain them , he gave me an F.	PERSON was taking a math test . PERSON took out his study sheet from his bag . PERSON hid the study sheet from others . PERSON was caught cheating . PERSON got a zero on his test and decided not to cheat again .
artist	I took broken crayons and made a bust with them . Does this creation make me an artist . My friend PERSON thinks I 'm an artist . She 's selling my creation online . I think some people fail to see the beauty in my creation .	PERSON wanted to be an artist . She made a few sketches . Then she did a few paintings . She sent samples of her work to galleries . Soon she was receiving offers left and right !	The artist drew a line . The line was n't straight enough . He erased the line on the paper . He could still see the line . He threw the paper away .	Cage looked for beauty in the world around him . He loved observing life and finding adventure . His classmates decided to become lawyers and doctors . But PERSON knew he had a deeper , earthier , more artsy calling . Cage finished school and became a documentary filmmaker !	PERSON loved to paint and she hoped to be a famous artist one day . She entered her paintings into contests and hoped to win . She knew that could be her big break . But time after time , she lost the contests . Then finally , one of her paintings took first place !	PERSON was an aspiring painter . She was low on funds and could only afford one tube of paint . She worried , then had a great idea . She mixed white paint with drops of food coloring . She ended up with six paint colors for the price of one !	PERSON was n't very good at drawing . Despite this , she wanted to become an artist . She began to feel anxious about her lack of talent . Eventually , she discovered that drawing was n't all that artists do . She took up sculpting the very next day .	PERSON wanted to become an artist . He studied the masters - Monet , PERSON , and others . PERSON read books and took classes and thought about art a lot . PERSON finally finished his first major piece . It was sold for over a thousand dollars !	PERSON loved to create all forms of visual art . She was shy about it . She had doubts that her works were very good . One of her teachers encouraged her to enter a contest . She was empowered to be less shy when she won the contest .
petting zoo	PERSON took her son to a petting zoo . There , he pet cows and goats , sheep and rabbits . He even saw a cow being milked ! When he got home , all he could talk about was the zoo ! PERSON was glad she 'd given her son such a wonderful time .	PERSON went to the petting zoo with his parents . He saw new animals that were exotic to him . Of them , his favorite were the camels . PERSON got to feed and pet them . PERSON 's new favorite place is the petting zoo .	PERSON was enjoying her trip to the petting zoo . The lambs and the piglets were very sweet . But the goats were being very pushy . When her back was turned one stole her bucket of food . She did n't have anything left for the other animals after that .	PERSON had a cup of grain to feed to the animals at the petting zoo . The sheep were very polite about getting fed . The goats , however , were quite rude . One of them stole her cup of grain . He did n't even share it with the other goats !	For PERSON 's birthday her parents took her to the petting zoo . She loved animals so she was very excited . She had a bucket of grain to feed to the goats and baby sheep . One of them tried to get the whole bucket from her ! They were not very polite but she guessed they were just hungry .	My grandma took me to a petting zoo when I was three years old . I was so happy to go , despite being a clueless toddler . We went over by the goats and lamb to pet them . All the sudden , a goat bit my grandma 's skirt and pulled ! We both laughed so hard and still have that picture .	PERSON always wanted to go to a petting zoo . He got his wish for his twelfth birthday . His parents took him and his friends to one . There he got bit by the first animal he tried to pet . Now he hates petting zoos .	PERSON loved animals . Her parents took her to a petting zoo . PERSON was excited and played with all the animals . She fed several as well . PERSON did n't want to leave at closing time .	PERSON 's class went to the petting zoo . Everyone had a little bucket of food for the animals . As she was feeding a little goat from her hand she felt a shove . A bigger goat knocked the food right out of her other hand . Then he ate all the rest of the food by himself .
snowman	Saturday morning PERSON woke up to find it had snowed . She quickly got dressed to go out and play . She called her friend PERSON to meet her . Together they built a huge snowman . They tied PERSON 's red scarf around its neck .	PERSON and PERSON decided to make a snowman . They did not have gloves and scarfs . They got wet and cold . They came home . Their mom made them sweet tea .	PERSON spent hours making a snowman . It was very detailed and had plenty of accessories . When she went in to get a final touch her brother kicked it over . She saw it and was furious . They got into a big fight and have n't talked in weeks .	It was the first day of December ! It snowed ten feet ! My kids ran outside to enjoy the snow . They built a snowman . Alas , the neighbor 's kids destroyed the snowman .	PERSON went outside to build a snowman . First he balled up the snow . Then he stacked three balls atop each other . He finished by adding the eyes and nose . PERSON was very proud of his snowman !	PERSON was building a snowman . The first ball was very hard to make . But the smaller top balls were less difficult . Soon PERSON 's snowman was complete and decorated . PERSON was very proud of his cold creation !	PERSON ran through the freshly fallen snow . He began to roll up the snow into large balls . Before long , a snowman was made . PERSON admired his creation , but felt something was missing . He ran inside to find a hat .	PERSON worked all day to build a snowman with his daughter . Together they rolled snow and added decorations . Then a thaw came overnight ! In the morning , all that remained was their carrot nose ! PERSON and his daughter were very disappointed .	PERSON wanted to build a snowman with his son . The two males went outside all bundled up and ready . But they could not manage to roll any snow together ! Their project was a total failure ! Defeated , they went in for hot chocolate and warm soup !
tea time	Sneha always had tea with her lunch . It became a part of her daily routine . There was a day when Sneha forgot to bring tea to work . The water tasted bitter and her lunch was ruined . Sneha devised a notification system on her phone to prevent such days .	PERSON spilt his tea on his pants during a business meeting . It looked like he peed his pants . PERSON tried to give his presentation seated but the boss would n't allow . When he got up the boss demanded to know if he peed himself . PERSON was so flustered that he had a hard time denying it .	PERSON and her friends got together yesterday for tea time . The girls tasted lemon tea and ate tiny desserts that were delicious . The girls then shared many gossip stories about their lives . The highlight of the day was when LOCATION 's boyfriend came to say hello . The girls had so much fun at the end .	When I got home from work tonight I made a mug of tea . I then sat down at my computer to do some research . One thing led to another and I had forgotten all about my tea . I only remembered when I knocked the mug over and ruined my keyboard . Now I put my tea on the table next to the computer .	PERSON invited PERSON to her house for tea . PERSON went to PERSON 's house and brought some cookies . PERSON tasted one and said that it was disgusting . PERSON told PERSON that her tea was disgusting . PERSON made PERSON leave her house .	PERSON poured himself a cup of tea . The tea was too hot for him to drink . He blew on it and added some ice cubes . The tea rapidly cooled to his liking . PERSON drank the cup in one gulp .	PERSON decided to go out to her favorite tea house for lunch . She got there and ordered a pot of tea and cucumber sandwiches . She drank her tea and ate her food , enjoying the people around her . She paid for her food and left and went home . PERSON decided to make this a new once a week tradition .	PERSON decided he wanted to make tea . First , he set the kettle on to boil . Then , he poured the water over the tea bag to steep . Once the tea was done , he took a sip . It was perfect .	PERSON drank tea quite often during the week at work . Her coworker PERSON had wanted to quit drinking coffee . He told PERSON he did not have any tea . PERSON told her he was going to get another cup of coffee . PERSON gave him some tea to drink instead .
movie	PERSON 's date took her to a movie . It was an action flick , which she hated . After the film , he asked if she had enjoyed it . PERSON smiled and nodded her approval . She did not want to hurt her date 's feelings .	PERSON was looked forward to see a new movie in theaters . He has been waiting to see this movie for a year . PERSON generously spent money on snacks in anticipation of the movie . PERSON realized the movie was n't what he was hoping for . PERSON left the theater disappointed .	A famous movie director wondered why no one liked his movie . He decided to go see the movie at a local theater in disguise . As the movie went on he noticed he started to feel sick . He had the movie analyzed and the FPS was to high . Changing the FPS , suddenly the movie become popular .	My roommate and I found out that we liked the same movie . So , we sat down together to watch it . We laughed and joked the whole way through . When it was over , we both agreed we had enjoyed it . We learned it was more fun to watch a movie together than alone .	We saw the PERSON movie when it first ran . The theater was totally packed . There were only two seats open , next to us . Surprisingly , the person who sat down was lawyer who worked with me . Truth was stranger than fiction that day .	I went to watch a scary movie . I was so scared before the movie even started . I had heard the movie was terrifying . When I saw it , it was actually not that scary . Now I wish I had n't spent so much money on the ticket .	PERSON went to the theaters to unwind . He has had a long day He watched a movie he was n't really interested in He was bored the entire time . He fell asleep in the theater	We went to watch a movie . We did n't know what we wanted to see . We chose a horror movie . We both enjoyed it very much . We talked about it all the way home .	The couple watched a movie . They were enjoying the plot . Someone started disrupting the movie . The couple complained to the owner . The owner stopped the movie .
the lottery	PERSON wanted to win the school lottery . The prize was a new bike . She got all of her friends to enter . When the lottery was announced , she did not win . However , her friend won and shared the bike .	PERSON was down to her last dollar . Getting laid off had been very hard . The bills were piling up and PERSON was afraid . She decided to take a risk and spend the last of her money . Two days later , PERSON held the winning ticket to a million dollars .	PERSON had extra money and wanted to play the lottery . She paid $ 50 for some lottery tickets to win the big jackpot . PERSON was confident that today was her lucky day . When the winning numbers were announced , none of them were hers . PERSON decided she would never gamble that much money again .	PERSON always played the lottery . Last week she won a big jackpot . It was millions of dollars and she told everyone . Now she has no time to herself . Everyone keeps hitting her up for money .	PERSON played the lottery every week . He spent $ 50 per week on tickets . His wife told him it was getting out of hand and to stop . That night he played one last time . PERSON won one million dollars !	PERSON was in debt and losing her home . She decided to buy a lottery ticket . PERSON watched the winning lottery numbers announced on TV . PERSON was shocked because she had the winning numbers ! PERSON is no longer in debt and now owns two homes .	Just the other month , the State Lottery reached over $ 500 million . PERSON was n't much of a gambler , but thought it was to good to pass up . She rushed to the convenience store and bought dozens of tickets . PERSON was so excited , she could barely sleep . Ultimately , she did n't win , but the hope it gave her was worth it .	The jackpot was set at 10 billion dollars . Everyone at work bought tickets . When the drawing was held , all the tickets were compared . Only one ticket one . The winnings were split between all the workers .	PERSON was feeling lucky so he decided to spend $ 2 on a lottery ticket . He did n't expect to win but thought it would be nice if he did . The drawing was the next day . He watched it on tv , getting more and more excited . He had matched three numbers , winning $ 150 !
subway	PERSON took off his glasses and sat them down in his lap . He heard the call for his next stop . He woke up quickly and jumped off the subway . As the train pulled away he remembered his glasses . They had fallen off his lap onto the floor .	My mom did n't want to go to Subway for lunch . I told her it was healthy and they had a lot of choices . So we went , she got a chicken breast sandwich . After she finished she told me she now loves Subway . Now me and my mom go to Subway every Sunday .	PERSON was riding on the subway at night . PERSON became scared since she thought someone was dangerous . PERSON began to switch to the other subway car . PERSON had noticed he did not follow her . PERSON felt relief that the person was not dangerous .	PERSON started high school and had to ride the subway home . His first trip was nerve-wracking , since he was so confused ! But a kind stranger helped him buy a ticket and board the train . After that , the trip was a breeze ! PERSON even grew to like the time he had alone on the subway .	PERSON sat quietly on the subway as she waited for her stop . An elderly woman boarded the train and held onto the subway rail . PERSON felt bad . She stood up and offered her seat to the elderly woman . The woman thanked PERSON enthusiastically .	PERSON was working at his parents Subway store . When he was working there he was making sandwiches for people . While he was working one day he had a very rude customer . This customer wanted a vegetable flatbread sandwich . PERSON refused to make it for him and quite the store the same day !	When we were in LOCATION LOCATION we had to take the subway . It was somewhat scary and complicated to follow . We had to read the map to catch the right one . We finally got on the right one and were able to make it to home . I would prefer to not have to do this again .	PERSON needed to be at a company meeting within the hour . She tried calling a friend to drive her with no luck . Finally , she decided to take the subway instead . She was nervous at first , never having taken one before . Sitting during the commute , she realized it was n't difficult at all .	PERSON was on the subway heading into LOCATION LOCATION . He knew it was going to be busy , since it was Super Bowl Weekend . He was n't prepared for how busy it really was . Once he got off the subway , he could barely get out of the station . He decided to just get back on the subway and go home .
rain	PERSON had to walk to her second job after work . When she came out of work it was raining out ! She was worried because she had to walk nearly three blocks ! She told me she tried to run but was worried she 'd slip . She ended up making it to work but was all wet !	One day , it was raining very hard . PERSON overheard his grandpa say that it was raining cats and dogs . PERSON was surprised ! He had n't seen any cats and dogs . Finally , his grandpa told him that that just meant it was raining hard .	PERSON was moving to LOCATION . He noticed that it had been raining all week . He asked a cab driver how often the sun came out . The cab driver just left . PERSON looked out the window at the rain pouring down .	PERSON got off of the school bus . She was walking across the neighborhood to reach her house . A drop of water fell on her cheeks . After a few seconds , it started to rain . She decided to run .	PERSON just left the house to go for a run . She was on mile two when it started to get dark . She did not think remember any rain in the forecast so she kept going . By mile four , the bottom had fallen out . When PERSON got home she was completely soaked .	PERSON got caught in the rain leaving school . He decided to wait for it to settle down . While waiting at the nearby gas station , he heard a sound . It turned out to be an abandoned cat mewing in a box . He decided to adopt the cat and brought it to his warm home .	John looked outside . He saw that it was cloudy . Knowing it would probably rain soon , he decided to leave for work now . He ended up getting rained on then . He regretted his decision to leave early .	PERSON 's city had hot weather for weeks . PERSON was excited that it the forecast showed cold weather soon . The next day , it rained . PERSON went outside and thought his city was beautiful when in the rain . PERSON was happy that it rained the next few days too .	PERSON loves the rain . She decided to finish her book while it rained today . PERSON managed to finish five chapters . But the rain was so soothing that she fell asleep . Although she did n't finish her book , she was happy with her nice nap .
hot dogs	The neighbors dogs bark all day . I threw a hot dog at them . They stopped barking for a minute . Then they started barking again . I did n't waste anymore hot dogs after that .	PERSON was eating a hot dog . It fell on the ground . PERSON started crying . PERSON gave him money for another hot dog . PERSON took the money and enjoyed a new hot dog .	PERSON loved to eat hot dogs . She decided to fire up the grill and cook one . As she was cooking , a big storm came and blew out her fire . PERSON ran in as cook as she could . She was devastated her hot dogs were ruined .	PERSON took her children to a baseball game . The children begged and begged for a hot dog . PERSON rummaged through her purse for some money . She then led her children to the concession stand . PERSON was able to afford hot dogs for her children .	PERSON loved to eat hot dogs . She decided to grill out for her family . She bought all the ingredients . She invited her family over for a cookout . They all had a great time .	I was in a hot dog cooking contest at a family reunion . Nobody liked my hot dogs at all . Everyone liked uncle PERSON 's hot dogs . I asked everyone why no one wanted my hot dogs . It turns out all of Uncle PERSON 's hot dogs came with a 5 dollar bill .	PERSON 's family always made hot dogs for dinner . He did n't mind until he turned 12 . He asked for hamburgers instead for his birthday meal . His mom grinded up the hot dogs and made a pattie out of them . PERSON was happy he got a burger that year .	PERSON was cooking hot dogs . All of a sudden a storm came . It killed the flame on the grill . PERSON had to move his hot dogs inside . They did not taste the same then .	The store advertised hot dogs for free . They gave away four thousand dollars worth of hot dogs . They increased their revenue that day . They decided to always give away free hot dogs . The customers grew tired of hot dogs .
PERSON gets sick	PERSON has been staying up late for weeks finishing her term paper . When it is finished , she realizes she has become sick . PERSON gets plenty of sleep and drinks liquids for a few days . Finally she begins to feel better . PERSON is happy to be done with the term paper and feeling good .	PERSON was tired and not feeling well . She told her boss that she needed a day off . PERSON took the day off and went to the doctor . The doctor told PERSON she had the beginning of the flu . PERSON had to miss the next few days of work .	PERSON visits a theme park . She has a hot dog and cotton candy . Her friends tell her to wait 30 minutes before going on rides . PERSON does n't listen and goes on a ride . She ends up throwing up on everyone on the ride .	PERSON was out to lunch with friends . He ordered a pizza . He ate his food and went home . Later that day dan was n't feeling good . He rushed to the toilet to vomit .	PERSON felt very sick before school one day . He did not tell his mother , because he did not want to stay home . It was Valentine 's Day , and he did not want to miss the party . At school , he was sick in the classroom and was sent home . He would have been better off staying home in the first place .	PERSON is on a ski trip with his friends . PERSON could not wait to get out and ski . It was night when they arrived so he could n't ski yet . He had a nice big dinner and headed to bed . The next morning PERSON woke up very sick and could n't ski .	PERSON is eating his favorite pizza . A few hours later his stomach hurts . He heads to the hospital . The pizza made him sick . PERSON gets treated for his sickness and goes home .	PERSON was feeling sick . She threw up in bed . Her mom cleaned up the mess . PERSON was able to stay home from school . She decided to watch Netflix in bed all day .	PERSON is out swimming . He gets bit by a bug . He goes inside to have it looked at . PERSON has a nasty bug bite . PERSON visits the hospital to get it treated .
contest	PERSON 's friend publicly called her out on social media . He dared PERSON to do the ice bucket challenge . She looked it up and hated the thought ! But she knew there was no backing out of it . PERSON nerved herself up and then dumped ice water on herself !	PERSON was competing in a pie eating contest . She was doing well , but her opponent was catching up ! PERSON was getting full and tired ! Then she found one last burst of strength and speed . PERSON won first prize in the pie eating contest !	PERSON has never won a contest before . He noticed an ad for an online raffle . The prize for the raffle was a computer . PERSON decided to give it a shot and entered the raffle . A month later , PERSON leaped when he read the congratulatory email .	PERSON was at the bar with her friends . Suddenly they announced an amateur karaoke contest . PERSON 's friends urged her to compete , so she signed up . When she sang , everyone applauded loudly ! She did n't win , but she was happy with second place !	PERSON is an Australian citizen . She always dreamed of coming to LOCATION for vacation . She entered a contest for an all expenses paid vacation . She won the contest ! PERSON flew from LOCATION to LOCATION LOCATION two months later .	PERSON entered an essay-auction contest to win a house . She sent a photo of herself and her spouse with her essay . The story she wrote was about the terrible childhood she 'd had . She did n't expect any response at all , from such a graphic tale . PERSON nearly fainted when the letter came , saying the house was hers .	PERSON signed up for a hot dog eating contest . She practiced beforehand . She ate as many hot dogs as she could . On contest day , PERSON ate fifteen hot dogs . She won the contest !	The men had a contest . One of the men was not very smart . He did not do well in the contest . He felt that he had been cheated . He resorted to violence .	PERSON entered a local beauty contest . She placed second in the whole town ! Flattered , she went to her state finals . And there , she again came in second place ! PERSON was grateful and thrilled !
flying	PERSON wanted to fly an airplane . PERSON studied for many years to become a pilot . After much hard work , PERSON finally became a pilot ! PERSON was hired by a big airline company . Because of his hard work , PERSON now flies every day .	PERSON was going to visit her grandparents . She was going to fly alone . She was very nervous . The flight attendant was very nice . She made PERSON feel safe and comfortable .	PERSON was afraid of flying on an airplane . She decided to learn how to fly the plane . While taking flying lessons she conquered her fears . Now she is a pilot . She can help others be less afraid to fly too .	PERSON was happy to be up in the air . For several years he had been trying for his pilot 's license . Today was his last training flight . The instructor reviewed his performance . PERSON got his pilot 's license and was finally able to fly by himself .	When I was a child , I believed I could fly as well as Superman . I put on a cape and got my father 's ladder from the garage . I climbed onto the roof and jumped off . I ended up breaking my leg and had a cast for 4 weeks . I no longer believe I can fly as well as Superman .	Frank wanted to learn to fly . He decided to sign up for piloting classes . He met with his instructor to learn the basics . Frank had to study the basics prior to flying . In passing the basic test , PERSON was on his way to flying .	PERSON was very nervous about his upcoming flight . He could n't sleep the whole night before the flight . In the morning , he threw up due to his anxiety . He took an anxiety pill to help him sleep before his flight . PERSON had no problem with his flight after he took his pill .	When he was a boy , PERSON loved to watch planes . Every summer , is father took him to see plane shows . Upon graduating from school , he decided to learn how to fly . PERSON loved every minute of his flight school . After graduation , PERSON became a full time pilot .	The bee was on the ground . The boy wondered why it was n't flying . The man said it was dead . The boy checked the bee . The bee was still alive .
bike ride	PERSON went on a bike ride at the park . She rode her bike for a few miles . All of a sudden her tire hit a rock . She flew off her bike onto the pavement . She only suffered minor scrapes and was able to drive home safely .	We went for a bike ride . Halfway through my nephew stopped . I turned around to find out what was wrong . His chain had come off of his gears . I quickly fixed it and we were back on our way .	PERSON bought a new motorcycle . He asked his friends with bikes to go out on a ride . They agreed to go with him . They rode around to several scenic places . PERSON was really happy about his new purchase .	I went on a bike ride with my best friend . We decided to take a nature trail . The trail was beautiful . We saw many birds and beautiful plants . When we got home , we agreed it was the best ride we had ever taken .	PERSON complained about the expense of car ownership . So the first time he drove into town he sold his Rover . Then Harry went to a bicycle shop and bought a nice Schwinn . But Harry forgot he no longer had his Rover to get home with . So Harry had to peddle over sixty miles to get to his front door .	We rode on the bike path today . It was a 14 mile ride . During the ride we saw a stray cat . We stopped to play with it . It was very friendly .	PERSON was afraid to learn to ride a bike . Her friends all knew how to ride bikes . One day they all helped PERSON learn to ride a bike . She was able to learn with her friend 's help . PERSON can ride her bike with her friends now !	One day PERSON was riding his bike . A car hit PERSON . PERSON was rushed to the hospital . PERSON healed after a few weeks . PERSON is happily riding his bike again .	PERSON was at her mother 's house for the weekend . Her niece asked her to sit on the porch so they could ride bikes . PERSON sat on the porch keeping an eye on the kids . PERSON realized they had ridden farther than she said they could They were upset when she told them to put the bikes up and go inside .
runaway	Little PERSON packed up his GI PERSON PERSON and walked outside . He marched up the block , planning to never go home again . After crossing a few streets , PERSON began to cry . He wanted to go home , but did n't know if he was welcome . Then PERSON 's dad appeared from behind a hedge and took him home .	PERSON 's female cat ran away from home . PERSON was devastated ! Then a neighbor returned the cat , which had been in his yard . He warned PERSON that he had a male cat , but PERSON only smiled . She was n't worried because she had had her cat fixed !	One day , a grandma was drinking tea . She offered it to her grandson . He did n't like it . As a result , she made him drink more . Finally , he grew sick of her and ran away from home .	PERSON hated her little brother . She always thought her parents liked him more . She decided to run away one day . Her parents found her crying a block away . They took her home and she never ran away again .	I was waiting in front of the bathroom for my friend . A dragonfly suddenly flew near me . It tapped the side of my face . In an attempt to get away from it , I can . My friend tried to look for me .	PERSON 's older sister ran away from home . PERSON 's parents spent months looking for her . The police dropped by the house from time to time , with no news . PERSON went into his sister 's room and looked at all she left behind . He wondered if he would ever see his sister again .	PERSON had a dog named PERSON . PERSON was a good dog , but he liked to run away . One day PERSON decided to take PERSON on a hike . PERSON ran away and was gone all night . The next day , PERSON came back covered in mud and PERSON was very glad .	My father caught a fish . He placed it on the ground of the ship . We left the fish to get a few tools . However , the fish managed to hop into the water . We were mad when we noticed that the fish was gone .	PERSON 's dog ran away one night . He found the dog , Mo , missing in the morning . He was devastated and spent all day looking for PERSON ! Luckily , he caught PERSON running around the local park . PERSON was so glad he had found PERSON !
PERSON gets hurt	PERSON is playing basketball . He is playing a great game . He goes up for the winning shot . He slips and misses the shot . He hurts his ankle and is carried off the court .	PERSON is walking home . He notices a snake on the ground . He attempts to kill the snake . He misses and lands on his arm . PERSON broke his arm and the snake got away .	PERSON is playing rugby . PERSON is playing his best game . He is running to make a score . He gets hit hard and knocked out . PERSON wakes up to broken ribs .	PERSON is playing basketball . PERSON loves to play sports . PERSON is driving to the basket . He lands on his leg . He breaks his leg in two .	PERSON plays baseball for a living . Clay can not stay healthy for a season . PERSON throws a pitch and strains his oblique . Clay is taken out of the game . Clay can not pitch the rest of the season due to his injury .	PERSON likes to play football . He calls up his friends to play a game . While playing the game PERSON takes a hard hit . Jeff can not get up . Jeff is badly hurt and taken to the hospital .	PERSON was riding his bike as fast as he could . There were some mean bullies chasing him . PERSON skidded around a curve in the street . He lost control of his bike and fell off , skinning his knees . The bullies rode past , laughing , while PERSON cried .	PERSON is playing soccer . He is practicing his goal kicks . While making a kick he slips and falls . He can not get up . PERSON broke his leg slipping on the grass .	PERSON loved to play football . One day while playing with his friends . PERSON dove for the football on the ground . One of his friends hit him and injured his shoulder . PERSON never played football again .
lost wallet	PERSON was shopping at the mall . He was trying on clothes . When he changed pants his wallet fell out . PERSON noticed after he left the store . When he return it was luckily still in the dressing room .	PERSON drove to the gas station to get gas . When he got back home he could n't find his wallet . He took everything out of the car looking for the wallet . He drove back to the gas station to see if he left it there . He found his wallet lying on the ground near the pump .	PERSON was at the bar with friends . The next day he noticed his wallet was missing . PERSON called the bar to see if he left it there . They informed him that someone had dropped off his wallet . Unfortunately it did n't have any money in it .	PERSON lost his wallet . He thought he might have left it at a restaurant . He decided to call and check . They said they had a wallet that matched the description . When he went to get it they used his ID to verify it was his .	PERSON lost his wallet . He looked for it everywhere . He decided to get all his cards replaced . Right after going through that process he found his wallet . He had to now throw his old cards away .	PERSON lost his wallet . He called up his friends . He realized he left his wallet in his friend 's car . He drove to retrieve his wallet . He thanked his friend for finding his wallet .	PERSON had just got paid . He put his money in his wallet . He lost his wallet later that day . He searched all over for it . He found it in the clothes hamper .	PERSON lost his wallet at the bar . He went back to look for it but it was gone . One day he found it in his mail box . The money was gone but everything else was there . PERSON was thankful and upset .	PERSON was looking for a new wallet . He had lost his old wallet . He found a wallet online for a good price . He paid for the wallet with a credit card . The wallet came a week later .
paper	I used to come to school early to run . We were not supposed to leave once we got there . But my friend left his homework at home . I gave him a ride . We told the coach he left something in my car .	PERSON had a research paper due in a week . But he procrastinated the paper all semester . He decided to work on the paper as much as he could all week . But he ended up procrastinating that too . Thankfully , his teacher allowed him more time to finish .	PERSON 's homework was due today . She did n't have it complete . She stole PERSON 's homework and turned it in with her name on it . The teacher knew that PERSON had n't done that work . PERSON was suspended from school for a week .	Someone asked me to help them with a paper . It was about autism . I knew it was because my son is autistic . I agreed to help . I changed my mind when I found out she just wanted me to do her work .	PERSON is taking three classes . Each class wanted her to write a paper . She was very overwhelmed . Fortunately , she was able to finish them all on time . She got an A on each one .	Raven has a long paper to do . This was for her college writing class . She procrastinated really badly . She pulled an all nighter to finish it . She handed it in the next day .	PERSON procrastinated hard on a paper for school . The night before it was due , he had to stay up to finish . He got almost no sleep , but he turned the paper in on time . When grades came back , he found out he had done poorly on the paper . Now he plans ahead and does n't procrastinate anymore .	PERSON forgot her school papers in her locker . She knew she had an essay to write . But she did not have the paper with the directions ! She hurriedly e-mailed her teacher for help . Luckily , he sent her a new copy of the paper .	PERSON had to write a research paper . It was due on Monday . Instead of working on it , she went out with friends . PERSON had to pull an all-nighter . PERSON fell asleep in class on Monday morning .
brothers	PERSON was playing baseball in the house . He knocked over a china teapot . The teapot fell to the floor and broke . PERSON blamed it on his two year old brother . He was relieved that he would n't get in trouble .	PERSON was a small town cop and his brother the town bully . PERSON was always getting him out of trouble . One night , PERSON got a call that a man had been badly hurt at a bar . All the customers said it was PERSON 's brother that had hurt the man . PERSON had no choice but to finally lock his brother up .	PERSON 's brother , PERSON , was always playing pranks on PERSON . PERSON always got tricked and planned to get revenge . PERSON put super glue on PERSON 's comb . PERSON got the comb stuck in his hair and had to shave his hair off . PERSON laughed and PERSON congratulated him on finally getting him back .	Little PERSON did n't want a new baby brother ! But he was stuck being a big brother now . He decided to try to make the best of it . He began to play with the baby every day . Soon PERSON realized that he loved and adored his baby brother !	PERSON had a baby brother . He taught him how to stand and walk . He taught him different things over the next 10 years . PERSON then left to go to college . PERSON and his brother remain close to this day .	PERSON missed his brother PERSON . He called and invited PERSON over for dinner . That weekend PERSON came to eat dinner . The two brothers chatted and caught up . PERSON was so glad to have seen his brother !	PERSON and PERSON were brothers . They loved to do things together . One day , they decided to go fishing . They fished all day . They caught many fish , and had a great dinner that night .	PERSON 's parents had just adopted a little boy . PERSON was nervous about his new brother . He wondered if they would get along . Then he met the little boy , and they got along great . PERSON realized he was thrilled to be a big brother , after all !	PERSON closed a door on PERSON . PERSON waited , then snuck up on PERSON . PERSON jumped out of the corner and terrified him . That caused PERSON to tackle PERSON and tickle him until he cried . Brotherly love is a funny thing !
stood up	PERSON had been invited to the football game by a boy . She waited for him outside the stadium like they had planned . Soon too much time passed and he never arrived . She was humiliated assuming that he had stood her up . Luckily the next day he apologized and explained an emergency .	PERSON recently met a woman on Tinder . After several conversations , PERSON and the woman agreed to a date . PERSON decided that the picnic in the park would be a good idea . PERSON waited for over two hours for his date to arrive . After four hours of waiting , PERSON realized he was stood up .	PERSON was set up on a blind date . He waited at the restaurant for her to arrive . She was late . After a while PERSON called her to see where she was . She never answered or showed up .	PERSON asked PERSON out in a date . PERSON said yes . PERSON got to the restaurant on time and waited . An hour past and PERSON still did not come . PERSON was stood up .	PERSON was going to help her cousin at his small business . He needed her to sew some things for a project . But he never arrived to pick her up . PERSON was upset to be stood up . But at least she did n't have to spend her day sewing .	PERSON asked his crush on a date . She reluctantly agreed . PERSON set up what he thought was a perfect date . She never showed up for it . PERSON stopped talking to her after .	PERSON stood outside a restaurant . He was waiting for a friend who was supposed to meet him for lunch . PERSON 's friend was more than fifteen minutes late . PERSON was hungry and tired of waiting . PERSON went inside the restaurant to order lunch alone .	PERSON had been set up on a blind date by her friends . She went to the bar at the appointed hour . But after twenty minutes , her date still had not arrived . Soon PERSON was forced to confront the truth . Her blind date had stood her up !	PERSON was supposed to go on a date with PERSON . He looked at his watch . She was an hour late . He figured she would never come . He ended up being right and he never saw her again .
rice	PERSON wanted to learn how to cook . Her mom decided to teach her how to cook rice . PERSON started with boiling water . When she finally added the rice , she got distracted . PERSON let the rice run out of water and burn .	PERSON was learning how to cook . She was terrible . Her mom decided to help her cook rice . As PERSON was cooking , she got distracted . She smelled something burning and realized it was her rice .	Kia was boiling rice to go with her dinner . But she forgot to tend to it . She accidentally over-boiled it . It turned into a gooey mess . Kia had to throw out the whole pot of rice .	PERSON was making a Mexican meal for her family . Then her husband brought home three extra for dinner ! PERSON was in a panic . Then she decided to make lots of extra rice . That helped stretch the food so everyone had plenty to eat !	PERSON had never made rice before . She eyeballed out what seemed like the right amount . But as it cooked , the rice expanded . PERSON ended up with far too much rice ! She resolved to read directions next time !	PERSON was learning to cook . Her mom decided to start her off with rice . PERSON added the rice to boiling water . She got distracted and went to the next room . When she came back , her rice was burnt .	Nala dropped her phone in the toilet . She was devastated ! She pulled it out quickly and thrust it in a bowl of rice . There it sat overnight , until she checked it in the morning . Nala was so relieved to see that her phone still worked !	PERSON dropped her iPod in the toilet . She fished it out right away . Then she put it in a bowl of rice . She let it sit overnight . Thankfully , it worked again in the morning !	PERSON was under financial stress . He wanted to spend very little money on food . He carefully thought about his options . He decided to buy bags of rice . He saved a lot of money with this decision .
riding a bike	PERSON liked riding her bike . She still had the training wheels on . One day her dad tried to teach her how to ride without them . She crashed and hurt her knee . Now PERSON wo n't even try again .	PERSON was going to ride a bike for the first time . He was a bit afraid . When he first tried he fell over . He hurt his knee pretty badly . It made him give up trying .	PERSON wanted to teach his son PERSON how to ride a bike . PERSON was hesitant at first since he had tried before and failed . PERSON encouraged his son to keep at it and promised it would come . PERSON was eventually able to keep the bike upright and stay on . He enjoys riding his bike now everyday after school .	PERSON was afraid of trying to learn to ride a bike . He was scared of falling and getting hurt . His dad reassured him that he would be fine . Eventually PERSON learned to ride a bike . He fell down a few times but he was fine .	I was feeling very lazy one evening . I went outside and got on my bike . I rode down the street and listened to music . I went all over the place and felt a good workout . Later , I went back home and relaxed .	PERSON raced his bike down the street with training wheels . His dad took the training wheels off of the bike . PERSON and his dad practiced riding the bike without the training wheel . PERSON fell a few times and scraped his knees . After practicing , PERSON rode his bike without training wheels .	PERSON had decided to buy a bicycle . His thoughts were he was going to ride it to work to lose weight . Every morning he got up an hour earlier to prepare for the day . He got into the routine of riding his bike to work . PERSON lost 20 pounds in the first month .	I wanted to learn to ride a bike . My father told me he would help . We went to the park and practiced all day . PERSON ran behind me until I learned to balance on my own . By the next day I was riding all by myself .	PERSON was learning how to ride a bike . His dad told him he would hold on to the bike . When PERSON looked back , his dad was far away . He panicked and rode straight into a tree . PERSON cried and said he would n't ride the bike again .
the argument	We had a huge argument a few days ago . I got mad at my laptop because it was acting strange . I could n't do any of my work properly . I finally looked at the side of it , and saw the ethernet was unplugged . I plugged it in , and everything worked again .	PERSON was furious at his friend . The friend had stolen his favorite hat from him . PERSON called him to confront him . The friend agreed to return the hat . Their friendship was never the same .	PERSON and her husband were not on good terms . They 'd had a horrible argument the week before . They did n't speak for days after that . PERSON told him that she wanted him to move out . That sparked another argument !	PERSON could n't find his baseball hat . He looked all over the house . Adam finally found the hat in his brother 's room . Adam accused his brother of stealing the hat . PERSON and his brother got into an argument .	Last night my girlfriend and I got into a fight . She was wrong and I was right . She could n't understand why . I kept telling her to calm down and listen . She has n't answered my calls all day today her profile says single .	PERSON had an argument with his mother . He did n't want to clean his room . He yelled at his mother for an hour . He then felt really bad . He decided to clean his room and apologize .	PERSON and PERSON were having a loud argument in the laundromat . An old woman asked them to stop , but they ignored her . She showed them a picture of her husband and said he was dead now . She told them that he died before she could tell him she loved him . They were touched and quickly reconciled .	PERSON accused Crystal of stealing his money . He said he 'd left it on the dresser . She insisted she had n't taken it . He found it later in his pocket . He apologized for accusing her unfairly .	The siblings were having an argument . Their mom told them to stop yelling at each other . They went into another room and kept the fight going . They both got sent to their rooms . The siblings were angry with each other .
travel	PERSON hated traveling . He had to go to another state for work . PERSON bought a train ticket because he did not want to fly . The train was delayed and PERSON missed a big meeting . PERSON swore that next time , he would fly .	PERSON has to go to cali . She has never taken a plane before . She was scared but asked everyone around her . She got on the plane . She went to cali .	PERSON and his girlfriend went on a trip . They brought a lot of food so they would n't get hungry . On the way to their destination , the bag ripped . PERSON was upset . They went to a store and bought more food .	PERSON loved to travel . PERSON decided to travel to LOCATION . The plane ride was very long . PERSON arrived in LOCATION . After a week , PERSON decided he would live in LOCATION .	The man got ready to travel . His wife reminded him of some things . He took his wife 's advice . Later he needed an item . It was an item that the wife had reminded him about .	PERSON loved to travel . He had visited over 20 countries . One day , PERSON got his wallet stolen . PERSON immediately called the police . Eventually , PERSON got his wallet back .	PERSON always got sick while travelling . Recently , PERSON heard of a product that could help with her sickness . PERSON talked about the product with her doctor . Surprisingly , PERSON was shocked to find that her doctor sold the item On her next trip , PERSON was happy to report that the product worked .	A man desired to travel the world . He made that the most important thing in his life . He saved for years to travel the world . He eventually traveled the world . He reached his goals of traveling and felt gratified .	PERSON loves to travel every time she 's vacant . One day she decided to take an adventure trip . She tried climbing on a high mountain . Then after that she tried swimming under water . While she 's under water , she saw a lot of different fishes .
swim lessons	PERSON felt bad that she does not know how to swim . PERSON decided that she would sign up for swim lessons . PERSON researched and saw classes offered at her local gym . PERSON was not sure what to expect from the swim class . PERSON was very nervous , yet excited to learn how to swim .	PERSON wanted to learn how to swim . Her mom signed her up for lessons . PERSON was scared of the water . She did not want to get in the deep end . She finally got brave and learned to swim .	PERSON had a swim lesson . While swimming , PERSON threw up . The pool had to be closed for cleaning . He felt terrible . The next day , he made sure he felt ok before swimming .	It was a hot day . Everyone went swimming to get relief from the heat . Harry did not know how to swim but was fearless . Harry jumped into the pool and began drowning . He then realized he was in the shallow end and stood up .	PERSON always wanted to go swimming with friends . He just did n't know how to swim . He asked a friend to help teach him . The friend started him at a pool . Within a month jake swam well enough .	PERSON was four and did n't know how to swim yet . His family was going to the beach in a few weeks . His father wanted him to know how to swim before they went . PERSON 's mother signed him up for lessons . She could n't believe how quickly he learned !	PERSON did not know how to swim . She wanted to take lessons . When PERSON went to the pool she was scared . She was afraid of the water . Yet her instructor helped .	The kids loved swimming . Their mom signed them up for swim lessons . They learned special skills over that week . Soon , they were even better swimmers than they had been ! The kids loved showing off at the pool .	PERSON was with his seven year old son at the pool . His son PERSON had been practicing swimming . When PERSON was n't looking PERSON got onto the diving board . PERSON dove into the pool and calmly swam back to the ladder . PERSON was astonished because he did n't know PERSON could swim so well !
safari	Will was a boy who really loved animals . Will 's greatest dream was to go on a real safari . Will 's parents surprised him with a safari trip for his birthday . Will saw every animal he loved while on the safari . Will also got a pretty good sunburn during the trip , too .	PERSON always loved the elephant . Ever since childhood , PERSON wanted to see elephants up close . As an adult , PERSON now planned a safari for his family . In the summer , PERSON took his family to LOCATION . There , for the first time , PERSON saw an elephant up close and personal .	I went to a safari with my family . We bought feed buckets at the front gate from a nice lady . She filled them up for us to feed the animals . We drove through the safari feeding all the exotic creatures . The ostriches snapped and bit my fingers .	PERSON went on an African safari trip . During the safari , he saw lions and elephants . He took many photos of these wild animals . When PERSON returned from his trip , he realized he lost his camera . PERSON 's friends did n't believe his stories without the pictures .	PERSON was on a safari in LOCATION . He saw no animals at all ! But then his guides called his attention . PERSON looked and saw three lions approaching ! They got almost close enough to touch !	PERSON was twelve and loved jungle animals . She desperately wanted to go to LOCATION on a safari ! Her parents saved up and hoped her interest would last - it did . For PERSON 's Sweet Sixteen , they took her to LOCATION , on her safari trip ! PERSON had an amazing time on her long-awaited adventure !	PERSON had always wanted to see an elephant in person . When his friend offered him a chance to go on safari , he was ecstatic . But for the first two days , they saw no elephant herds at all . PERSON was worried until a familiar shape appeared on the horizon . The elephant came nearly close enough to touch , and PERSON was overjoyed .	I went on a safari in LOCATION . I was hoping to see some kind of oryx . I did see some species of gazelle and even some predators . But I never saw any oryx . I was fairly disappointed in the safari .	I got a job at a small safari . I rented a house on the property . I cared for a baby lion for a couple of months inside my home . After he got too big , we fully integrated him with the other lions . Someday I plan to return to visit my little lion .
mistake	My friend reminded me about the assignment that 's due tomorrow . I did n't do any homework today and decided to get some rest . On the next day , I started the assignment . When I finished , I tried to turn it in online . The notice says that the submission deadline was yesterday , not today .	PERSON was a flute player . She took lessons twice a week . However , she was n't perfect . Halfway through the piece her class was playing , she messed up . PERSON cried and quit the band .	PERSON was off work on Sundays , so she made a doctor 's appointment then . But as the date approached , she saw that it was a Tuesday ! She had mistakenly used last month 's calendar when scheduling . She had to call and reschedule her appointment . Luckily , they had an opening that Sunday .	We ordered subs the other day . My son drove down to pick them up . We ordered no ketchup on one sub . All of the subs had ketchup . My son yelled at the shop , and they delivered the right sub .	PERSON was in class watching video 's on YouTube . The teacher called on her to answer a question . PERSON was confused since she had n't been paying attention . PERSON gave the first answer that came to mind . The whole class laughed at PERSON since it was the wrong answer .	PERSON was out at the mall with his friends . They decided to go into a department store to look around . One of PERSON 's friends thought it would be fun to shoplift a small item PERSON joined him , but as they were leaving he was caught . PERSON learned his lesson and never shoplifted again .	A new car was up for sale through an action . The first few offers were extremely low . However , the last offers were at high costs . My maximum offer was $ 40,000 , until a man offered $ 45,000 dollars . Although I would have to take car loan , I offered $ 47,500 dollars .	PERSON made a mistake . His wife caught it . She made him fix it . PERSON did n't fix it properly . His wife lectured him thoroughly .	PERSON thought her dad 's birthday was on February 10 . She had planned a delivery for him . Apparently it was on February 9 . She could not change the delivery . PERSON felt bad for missing his birthday .
job interview	PERSON had an interview for his dream job . He got dressed and made sure he had several copies of his resume . He left for the interview with plenty of time to spare . PERSON encountered traffic on the highway . Despite leaving early , he still arrived late to the interview .	PERSON got called back for an interview . She was very nervous . Now she was shaking . She went in and did it . Luckily she was offered the job .	PERSON was extremely nervous . She was a college senior , approaching her graduation date . She was recently invited to interview for the job of her dreams . PERSON spent days preparing for the interview , but was still nervous . However , she ended up acing her interview and getting the job .	I had a job interview for a position I was excited about . I had a 45 minute interview with the manager . I thought the interview went really well ! Unfortunately for me , he did n't think so . He sent me an email a week later saying I did n't get the job .	My wife 's boss PERSON interviewed a person for a job yesterday . The person did well on the interview , PERSON called the person 's references . One company said she never worked there . PERSON decided to not recommend the person for the job .	It was my first time to have job interview . I do n't have any idea what to wear and what to bring . So i decided to search on the internet what are the do 's and dont 's . So i think i was prepared for the interview . After my interview , someone called me and she said i was hired .	PERSON has a job interview . She is nervous and really wants this job . She has researched the company and prepared . PERSON arrived on site . She interviewed and was offered the job on the spot .	I had been applying to any job I could find for months . And I finally got asked to come in for an interview . I was really nervous . And I struggled to answer certain questions . As expected , I did n't get hired .	PERSON was nervous for his job interview . He had just recently graduated from college . PERSON arrived to the job interview early . When he was called he suddenly remembered he forgot his resume . Fortunately the interviewer had a copy on his laptop .
PERSON goes camping	PERSON likes to go camping . PERSON went to a state park with her friends . They stayed for the entire weekend in their tents . PERSON brought hot dogs to eat . PERSON packed up on Sunday and drove home .	PERSON needed to get away from the city life . He wanted to do something new . A friend told him he should go camping . PERSON agreed to give it a shot . PERSON enjoyed being outdoors and decided camping was awesome .	PERSON had a strong love for camping One day she went camping with her friends Her and her friends set up the tents , and made a fire They roasted hot dogs and Marshmallows over the fire They had a very good time and barely slept	PERSON takes him family camping . PERSON builds a fire . PERSON sets up the tent . PERSON roasts marshmallows . PERSON has a great time camping .	PERSON is going camping . She has never been before . She is going with her husband . They get to the camp and set up the tent . PERSON enjoys her time camping .	PERSON was a city boy . He had never been outside in the woods . His friend PERSON decided he was going to take him . PERSON was so set against enjoying camping . PERSON ended up loving the wilderness and had a great trip .	Brad never like the outdoors . But his friends made him come along on a trip . When they got to the campground they set up the tent . PERSON was really having a good time in the outdoors . PERSON enjoys the rest of the trip and now loves the outdoors .	PERSON was invited to go camping during the weekend . He was nervous but excited about it . He went and bought all the necessary supplies . PERSON and his friends chose a lake spot . The trip was a success for PERSON and his buddies .	PERSON is bored at his house with his kids . He suggest that they all go camping . They all agree to go camping . They all head out to the campground and have a great time . PERSON loved taking his kids camping .
juggling	PERSON wanted to impress his friends . PERSON knew how to juggle . PERSON juggled for his friends . His friends enjoyed the show . PERSON was happy to captivate his friends attention .	My friend PERSON is a great juggler . I used to watch him juggle all the time . I tried to learn how to juggle . I tried to have PERSON teach me , but it was too hard . I do n't think I 'll ever be able to juggle like PERSON .	PERSON saw someone juggling and wanted to learn himself . He researched it online . He began tossing two objects in one hand to learn . After perfecting this skill , using 3 objects and 2 hands was easy . PERSON successfully learned to juggle .	PERSON wanted to learn how to juggle , so he taught himself . After a few months of practice , he was capable of juggling well . PERSON wanted to think of a way to show off his new talent . He planned on going to a juggling class , just to brag about his skill . However , he quickly realized he was not as skilled as he had thought !	PERSON always wanted to juggle but could n't . One day , he went to the circus . He watched them jiggle and started learning . One day , he was finally able to juggle . PERSON joined the circus and became a natural .	I wanted to learn how to juggle so I signed up for a class . I showed up for the first class and the instructor was a clown . He taught us the basics of juggling three balls . He then asked us to try juggling like he taught us . After a lot of practice , I was able to juggle !	PERSON wanted to learn juggling to impress his wife . It proved to be a tremendously difficult feat ! But , PERSON knew that if he kept practicing he would achieve success . PERSON practiced for weeks ! Eventually , he learned how to juggle and his wife was not impressed .	PERSON wanted to learn a quick trick to impress his son . He looked up ideas online . He found a tutorial on juggling . Within a few hours he was good enough to do it . His son was impressed and asked him to teach him how .	One day PERSON decided to teach himself how to juggle . He looked up lessons on the Internet . He taught himself over a course of three days . Eventually he was a master ! He loved to entertain kids .
poor PERSON	PERSON had been turking for the last 6 months . He was making roughly 60 dollars a day . One day , his computer crashed , and he could no longer turk . PERSON laid in bed dejected , and wondered how he would make money . PERSON started panhandling on the streets like a bum .	PERSON went to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION in a Megabus . When he arrived , he checked his bank account . To his shock , he only had 50 dollars . PERSON slept in the bus station that evening . He went out begging on the streets the next day to make some cash .	PERSON did n't like being told what to do . Her mother told her to clean her room . PERSON refused , and went outside to play with her friends . When she returned at dusk , there was candy and roast lamb to eat . Her mother forbid her to have any though , and sent her to her room .	PERSON had been born with a genetic defect affecting his feet . He needed surgery to correct them when he was a few months old . His bones grew too fast due to an overactive gland . He needed surgery once again when he was six years old . PERSON ended having endured ten surgeries during the course of his life .	PERSON like to bake cookies So one day he made a large batch of chocolate chip cookies . He put them in the oven . But 50 minutes later he remembered he forgot about them . The batch was ruined but PERSON always uses a timer now .	PERSON took out his revolver and cocked it . He aimed at the target slowly but steadily . He fired the revolver and a deafening roar howled through the canyon . When he looked at the target , no bullet holes were there . However , his trusted donkey , PERSON , was dead .	PERSON was moving to LOCATION for her company . Once she arrived , she saw people eating guinea pigs . PERSON decided to try some herself , and liked the taste . The next morning , PERSON awoke feeling awful . It turns out that PERSON had contracted a virus and had to return to LOCATION .	PERSON did n't like his new neighbor , PERSON . Every night he could hear PERSON fighting with his wife . One night , a loud slap broke the quiet . PERSON picked up the phone to call the police . The police came to arrest PERSON for domestic violence .	PERSON went surfing one morning in LOCATION . He caught a huge wave . PERSON rode it for a long time . Then PERSON lost his footing and fell . He hit his head on a coral and died .
the tornado	I went fishing one summer evening . It started to get dark quickly . It started raining before I knew it . I ran through the woods to may car . I saw trees toppling over from a tornado .	PERSON and his daughter lived in a mobile home in LOCATION . While watching the news , they heard there was a tornado coming . They quickly went to the neighbors storm cellar and waited . They hear loud noises and when the storm was over they came out . They felt very privileged to be alive when they saw the destruction .	The city was getting ready to celebrate Christmas . All of a sudden a huge tornado loomed above . It destroyed half the town . Houses were lifted off the ground . Christmas will never be remembered the same .	Late one evening , the tornado sirens sounded off around town . I gathered my family quickly . We headed immediately for the basement . The sounds we heard above we nightmarish . After it ended , we discovered that most of our house did not survive .	The PERSON family just moved to their new home . They were in a new area that was prone to tornadoes . They were n't familiar with them . They ignored the warnings of one heading their way . Their house was destroyed and they all died .	PERSON lives in LOCATION LOCATION . This part of LOCATION falls in the Tornado Ally zone . One day in May the sirens in her town went off signaling a Tornado . PERSON hid the closet at the center of her house as the Tornado passed . When she opened the closet door she saw her house was gone .	A big storm was brewing . A tornado was spotted in town . The girls ran to the basement . The storm was very loud and scary . There was a lot of destruction in their town .	We had a tornado come through our town today . We had to take cover in the basement . The sirens went off and they were loud . I was really scared . I had never experienced a tornado before .	PERSON went to visit his relatives in LOCATION LOCATION . When he arrived , the news reported a tornado coming . The tornado was one of the harshest in the town 's history . Schools , homes and hospitals were wiped out . PERSON ' relatives were homeless .
the table	PERSON 's parents were out of town . She decided to throw a party . Many people showed up and they played drinking games on the table . The table got broken . PERSON was grounded for 6 months .	PERSON bought a table off Craigslist . She carefully sanded and stained it . She put it in her dining room when it was dry . She carefully set the table . The family could n't wait to eat at their new table .	PERSON had a crooked table . One day he put a heavy load on it and it fell apart . He decided to build his own . He cut down a tree and built a table from it . The new table was much stronger and could hold any heavy load .	PERSON needed a new dining table . He decided to make it instead of buying it . He hired a lumberjack to cut down an elm tree . Then he fashioned the tree into planks and nailed together a table . His table was so amazing that his friends wanted to buy it !	There were many tables at the town 's flea market . PERSON walked around the grounds for an hours before she found PERSON . PERSON was selling rare glass animals at his table . PERSON loved the way that the light shown through the animals . She bought a panda and a tiger from PERSON .	The family wanted some new furniture . They wanted a table for their kitchen most of all . They found a beautiful table in a local store . They bought it and brought it home . It was a great addition to their home !	My aunt has a table that wobbles . She has placed it in different places . She has put small items under some of the legs . It continues to wobble . The only thing she refuses to do is replace it .	PERSON got a new house . His house felt cozy . There was one problem . PERSON always ate on the couch . PERSON bought a brand new table and was very happy .	One day , PERSON was coloring at the table . He accidently colored off the page and on the table . PERSON was very sad because it was his mother 's favorite table . PERSON 's mother was not angry . She used a cloth to wipe the crayon away .
summer	PERSON and PERSON loved the summer . They were neighbors since they were kids and became friends . Every summer they would play from dusk until dawn . As the boys turned into men , they never lost touch . The friends always get together at some point during the summer .	PERSON was fuming from the summer heat . She was desperate to find a way to cool down . She decided to get some ice cream . The walk to the ice cream parlor was excruciating . When she got there , the ice cream parlor felt like a desert oasis .	It was the last day of school and everyone was excited . The bell rang and everyone jumped with joy . We all ran out of school and started having fun . Summer was going to be a blast ! Everybody went home and got ready to enjoy summer .	One summer when PERSON was little , he lived in LOCATION . It was very difficult because of 24-hour sunlight . He moved back to LOCATION , and the days were so short . He told other students what it was like , and they make fun of him . He wishes he could go back , where people know the summer sunlight .	PERSON was throwing a party for the first day of summer . But the night before , rain was forecast ! PERSON was glum . Then the morning of the party dawned perfectly clear . PERSON was glad that the forecast had been wrong .	It was a summer afternoon and PERSON was standing outside . As the sun shined on him , he thought about how much he hated summer . He hated everything about it -- the heat , the sweat , the brightness . However , something soon happened which made him smile . A giant cloud floated by and covered up the sun .	June got out of school in May . She went to LOCATION for a vacation . She met a handsome man . They fell in love . He moved back to the LOCATION with her .	PERSON needed more money . He got a summer job . He worked at a coffee shop for 40 hours a week . At the end of the summer he checked his bank account . He had made a lot of money !	PERSON decided to have a great senior summer . But his mom had other plans - she enrolled him in school ! At first PERSON hated the classes every day . But at college , he saw how well-prepared he was . Then , PERSON silently thanked his mom .
little league	PERSON was on a little league team . He was scared of playing his first game . His dad practiced with him every day . On game day , PERSON was excited . He hit his first home run .	PERSON 's parents signed him up for little league baseball . He practiced with his father every afternoon to prepare for his games . On the weekends , PERSON played with his team against other teams . PERSON 's team was always very dominant because of how well he played . PERSON 's team went on to win the state championship for baseball .	PERSON wanted to join little league . He had asthma and his parents were worried . He convinced them to let him . He had a lot of fun . His parents decided to trust him more .	PERSON 's first day of little league went badly . He did n't even get to play . Being out in the sun made him sick . He threw up in the dugout . His friends all laughed at him until he cried .	The Little League team had advanced to the World Series . They were a solid team full of great kids . In their final game , the pitcher threw a no-hitter . The team worked well together . They ended the series as the champions !	PERSON wanted his kid to join little league . He felt it would help him in many ways . PERSON 's kid was never that interested in it . He tried it just to make PERSON happy . Eventually PERSON pulled him out .	My nephew played in the Little League when he was 8 . He started as a pitcher . During one game he was covering home base on a play . The player slid into him , breaking his leg . After he recovered , he quit playing Little League .	PERSON 's son was on a little league team . The team had a big game coming up . PERSON told his son he would come to the game . At the last minute , a work meeting was scheduled . PERSON was sad that he would have to let his son down .	PERSON was a terrible baseball player . His coach gave up on him early in the season . But little PERSON practiced after school every day . When the big final game came he was allowed to play . Unfortunately he was still terrible and lost his team the game .
illness	PERSON had a big tennis match coming up . She was the star player . PERSON had been out for a week with the flu and was still weak . Her coach gave her extra time to practice . She came back and won every match .	PERSON felt weak after having the flu . He wanted to play soccer but his coach made him sit out . His coach gave him a workout regime instead . PERSON followed the regime exactly . He was able to get back on the field after a week .	He went to the hospital with an upper respiratory infection . After a week , he was n't getting any better . He developed a tear in his stomach lining and began to bleed . The doctor said he was too weak for an operation . He passed away two days later .	PERSON became dehydrated after being sick . He was the star quarterback and wanted to play in the game . The coach was concerned about this health and benched him . PERSON finally got back in better health . He was able to play again and helped win the next game .	PERSON felt weak all of the time . She went to the doctor who ran some tests on her . A week later , the doctor told her that she had cancer . PERSON was treated aggressively with the most modern drugs . She made a full recovery .	PERSON and his family ordered Chinese one night . They all ate heartily . But the next morning , they were all feeling ill . They had gotten food poisoning from the Chinese food ! PERSON and his parents had to miss school and work that day .	I went to see the doctor when I knew it was bad . I had n't eaten in nearly a week . I told him I felt afraid of food in my body . He told me I was developing an eating disorder . He instructed me to get some help .	PERSON loved tennis . She was the star of her team . She got sick and could not play for three weeks . She worked hard to get her game back . She eventually won the school tournament .	PERSON felt ill after sleeping very little the night before . PERSON felt throat pain at work . PERSON decided to take a break to go to the pharmacy . PERSON obtained some medication and it made him feel better . PERSON returned to work and was very productive .
grounded	PERSON was suspended from school for fighting . She was to stay home for 2 days . Her mother banished her to her room for those 2 days . Her mother took her laptop , and her phone from her . PERSON sat in the room for 2 days bored .	PERSON was usually a good kid who stayed out of trouble . One day , his friend invited him to a party . At the party , there was beer . All the kids were underage . The party got busted by police and PERSON got grounded .	PERSON had gone swimming at the park . She had n't asked for permission from her mother . Her mother found out and was very upset . PERSON was grounded for a week as a result . PERSON was stuck in the house watching boring daytime TV for a week .	She was being very disrespectful . She told her father she was going to do whatever she wanted . He was angry , and told her she was grounded . He also took away her favorite stuffed animal . She decided she 'd better start acting right , and apologized .	PERSON failed two classes in school . Her parents grounded her until her grades improved . PERSON began to study every night . Soon her grades had improved drastically ! Soon PERSON was allowed to go out with her friends again .	PERSON was doing poorly in school . He tried to do well on a test by copying off another student . The teacher saw this and failed him . PERSON tried hiding the poor grade from his parents . When his parents found out they grounded him .	PERSON had been caught at school smoking a cigarette . His mom picked him up and yelled the whole way home . In the end she decided to ground him for a month . PERSON was so upset , he threw a huge fit at first . Luckily over time he accepted it and the time did pass slowly .	PERSON acted up in school . His principal called his mom . His mom went in for a conference with the principal . When she got home , she grounded PERSON for acting up . PERSON wished he had not been so impulsive .	I accidentally broke a window in my house . My dad decided to ground me . I sat in my room all day crying . Suddenly , I had an idea . I would simply draw all day until I was no longer grounded .
prom date	I needed a prom date . I asked PERSON to the prom but she never answered me . I asked PERSON to prom but she already had a date . I asked one last person to be my prom date . PERSON and I had a wonderful time at prom .	PERSON wanted to ask PERSON to go with him to Prom . PERSON 's problem was that he felt anxious about asking her . So PERSON enlisted the help of his buddies . PERSON and five friends went and sang a song under PERSON 's window . PERSON told PERSON she 'd love to go the prom with him !	PERSON was a mess on the day of her prom . Even with the weeks of preparation , she was nervous about everything . Her parents were supportive , though , and tried to calm her nerves . Her mom gave PERSON a pep talk to calm her nerves . PERSON returned from prom night , satisfied with her experience .	PERSON wanted to go to his senior prom . He asked his friend PERSON to accompany him . PERSON accepted his request . He rented a tuxedo and purchased their tickets . They had a wonderful time at the prom .	PERSON really liked his classmate PERSON . He wanted to ask her to prom , but he was afraid . He felt sure she would refuse , and maybe even laugh at him ! But he gathered up his courage and he asked her anyway . PERSON accepted gladly , and then she did laugh - with joy !	PERSON was going to the prom with PERSON . They had been dating for a year . PERSON broke up with PERSON two weeks before the prom . PERSON still wanted to go the prom . She went to the prom alone .	PERSON was nervous about the Prom because she did n't have a date . She really wanted to go with PERSON so she decided she would ask him . But before she got the chance he asked someone else to go with him . PERSON was disappointed but not heartbroken . She decided to go to the Prom with her friends and have fun anyways .	PERSON wanted to ask his friend Ally to the prom . He was really nervous and kept missing the chance . Finally , he decided to ask her to a movie that weekend . During the previews , he casually asked . Ally laughed and accepted , and they enjoyed the movie together .	PERSON passed a box of M&M s to his friend PERSON as they left class . She smiled and thanked him for the sweet gesture . She opened the box as she walked to her next class . Inside was a note asking her to prom ! She ran back to tell him that she would go with him .
cigarettes	My sister-in-law PERSON is a smoker . We used to go to NH to visit friends often . There was no tax on cigarettes in NH , as opposed to MA . PERSON asked me to buy her a carton of cigarettes to save money . I did so , but she never paid me for the cigarettes .	PERSON had just arrived home after school . Her mom was waiting for her with an angry face . She had found PERSON 's cigarettes in her room . She lectured PERSON for a very long time . PERSON argued but it was useless and she was grounded .	Tim smoked cigarettes . PERSON 's father also smoked cigarettes . One day PERSON 's father died of lung cancer . PERSON decided to quit smoking that same day . PERSON never smoked again .	My brother had a pack of cigarettes . We tried to get him to quit . He smoked one on the porch . He began to cough a lot . He threw his pack of cigarettes away .	The smoke was beginning to get to me . I was so frustrated as my lungs felt like they were closing up . I started coughing profusely . The man gave me an odd look . Finally , he put out his cigarette .	He wanted to stop smoking . I was behind him completely . When he stopped , it was really strange . It looked like a part of him was missing . Smoking just seemed to be a definition of who he was .	I found a native brand of cigarettes . It claimed to be sourced from organic tobacco . I bought some for my husband . He was wary of them at first . When he tried them , he liked them and smoked the whole pack .	PERSON needed cigarettes - he was almost out . But they were so very expensive in his city . Then his friend suggested that PERSON drive to the reservation . PERSON drove there and found that cigarettes were much cheaper there ! He bought himself two whole cartons of cigarettes .	PERSON had been smoking for forty Year 's . He smokes six cigarettes a day , every single day . He woke up today and decided he would quit . By two o'clock he had eaten a whole pack of nicotine patches . He was successful , he now only smokes five cigarettes a day .
hot coffee	PERSON came back into box office . He was carrying a hot cup of coffee . He tripped on an orange extension plug . His coffee spilled on me . I hopped all over the place since the coffee was hot .	PERSON made himself a big cup of coffee in the morning . As he took a sip , the coffee spilled all over his arm . The scalding hot coffee seriously burned his arm . PERSON rushed himself to the hospital . He was released later that day after getting treatment for his burns .	PERSON wanted to drink her coffee . She raised the cup to her lips . The coffee still tasted too hot . She blew across the top of the cup . The coffee was cool enough to drink .	PERSON wanted cold coffee because it was a hot day . But she did not have time to make cold brew coffee . So she made coffee normally and put it in a mug . She left the mug in the refrigerator but left the cap on . Four hours later , the coffee was still hot .	PERSON was drinking his morning coffee . He did n't notice that his coffee was scalding hot . PERSON burned his upper lip while taking a sip . He screamed in pain . Afterwards , PERSON got an ice-pack for his burn .	PERSON loved drinking coffee every morning . The hotter the better . For her birthday she got a new coffee maker . It was the best gift she could get . She was excited for days .	The waitress served a cup of coffee to Janet She ended up having a small spasm on her arm . When her arm moved , it spilled coffee on PERSON . His face got burned from the hot coffee . PERSON threw a cup of cold water on his face .	On my way to work I stopped to get some coffee . I went through the drive through and placed my order . I paid the cashier and patiently waited for my drink . When she handed me the drink , the lid came off and spilled on me . The coffee hurt and I had to go home and change clothes .	I had just made a pot of coffee . As I was pouring a cup , I missed my cup . Instead it hit my hand . I gave myself a burn . Now my hand has a lovely pink bandaid .
the flood	PERSON lived by the ocean . There was a storm coming . PERSON did n't anticipate a flood . It hit and destroyed his car . PERSON was n't insured for it .	PERSON was at home when the rain started . It did n't stop for 10 days as she watched the river rise . Eventually water started seeping under the door . Right when it was about to take the house it subsided . PERSON was safe , and so was her house .	It had been raining for days . The waters kept rising on the PERSON 's property . They put up sandbags and dug trenches but nothing helped . Eventually they had to evacuate . They lost the house and most of their belongings .	The Smiths had lived on their farm for three generations They heard all the warnings about the incoming floods . The Smiths decided to stay and fight it out . Their entire farm was completely swept under . None of them survived .	The PERSON family lived in the southern LOCATION LOCATION . They owned their home in a nice neighborhood . A few weeks ago , the Smith 's town received very heavy rainfall . The rains caused the neighborhood to flood . The Smith 's lost most of their belongings in the flood .	PERSON had recently bought a house . About a week later , there was a hurricane that passed through . PERSON was upset to see that his whole basement was flooded . He found out it was going to be a lot of money to repair . PERSON decided to take out a loan to repair it .	It had been raining hard for several hours . The street in front of the PERSON house was beginning to flood . PERSON PERSON ran outside to move the car before the water reached it . It was too late , water had already seeped in and soaked the interior . The upholstery had to be replaced because of mold growth .	PERSON and her family live right next to the river . During a powerful storm , the river rose extremely high . PERSON kept an eye on the water as it inched closer to her home . She knew they needed to evacuate before they had no way out . Taking very things , they quickly left as water seeped into their home .	The rainy started on Tuesday . It poured all day . It did not stop until Thursday afternoon . The river began to rise . It flooded over the reservoir making driving impossible .
the job interview	PERSON arrives at the job interview site . He greets the receptionist then meets the interviewer . PERSON informs the interviewer about his qualifications . The interviewer is extremely impressed . PERSON is hired on the spot for the brand new job .	PERSON was hoping to get hired for a new job . Today was her interview . She tried to give the best impression that she could . At home , she waited for a call . Luckily , they soon called and offered her a job .	PERSON was nervous . Today was her big interview . She walked into the office and sat down . She answered all the questions . She left the room feeling great , like she had nailed it .	PERSON was invited to a job interview . PERSON arrived at the interview and was greeted by the manager . The manager described the job to PERSON and asked him many questions . PERSON confidently smiled and answered all of the questions . At the end of the interview , the manager hired PERSON for the job .	PERSON was excited about his job interview . He arrived early , waited with nervous anticipation . In the meeting , his potential new employer , PERSON , was brusque . Deflated , PERSON left , sure he had no chance but later , PERSON called . PERSON apologized , saying he had a toothache , and offered PERSON the job .	PERSON had a job interview in three days . She was nervous and unprepared . PERSON decided to study for the interview . She practiced for nine hours every day . PERSON was now confident and she did great at the interview .	I was getting ready for a huge job interview . I tried putting on my tie . I could never get it right . I threw the tie out the window . I wore a clip on tie instead .	PERSON had on her best dress and was ready . Today was her job interview for a new job . She had her resume in hand and was waiting to be seen . They called her in and the interview began . She nailed the interview and got the job .	I wanted a new job and decided to look online . I found out my favorite store was hiring . I filled out my application and crossed my fingers . A few hours later the manager called me in for an interview . I went to the interview and was hired immediately .
the birthday party	For her birthday , PERSON wanted a clown to perform for her friends . She begged her parents for the clown for months . On the day of her birthday , a clown showed up . He wore makeup and funny shoes . PERSON and her friends had a lot of fun at her party .	My son went to his classmate 's birthday party today . The birthday girl was turning 5 . The party was at a children 's museum . The kids had a lot of fun playing games and doing crafts . After pizza and cake , it was time to go home .	LOCATION was anxious for his friends to arrive . He was having a birthday party ! They all came with gifts . He opened them up and thanked his friends . Then they all ate cake !	PERSON 's boyfriend was turning 30 and wanted to throw him a party . She called his friends and family and told them about her plans . Everyone came together and they rented a hall for the party . No one told PERSON 's boyfriend and he was surprised on his birthday . He said it was the most fun he 's had in a long time .	PERSON was turning ten . She was going to have a big birthday party . She decided to invite her whole class . On the day of the party , everyone showed up with gifts . PERSON was so excited !	PERSON was going to her cousin 's birthday party . Her cousin was having a swimming party . PERSON had been having an ear infection . She was not allowed to swim with the other children . PERSON sadly watched the kids swim while she sat on the deck .	PERSON had a birthday party on the weekend . He invited all of his friends and relatives . They sang the happy birthday song to him . Everyone also ate a piece of PERSON 's birthday cake . PERSON was happy to be with his family and friends .	It was PERSON 's birthday and she was so excited . She went out to eat dinner with her friend PERSON . When they got back to her house all the lights were off . As they walked in the door , all of PERSON 's friends were there . PERSON realized they were all there for her birthday !	PERSON was turning ten years old . So she decided to throw a birthday party . She handed out invitations in class to all of her classmates . The day of the party , no one showed up . PERSON was devastated and she cried .
talent show	PERSON was a great tap dancer . He decided to audition for the town 's yearly talent show . PERSON practiced for hours a day on his routine . He was nervous about performing in front of so many people . PERSON danced his heart out and won the talent show .	PERSON 's school was holding a talent show . She wanted to perform a dance . She watched dancing videos online to learn how to dance . At the talent show , PERSON performed well . Although she did n't win , she was very proud of herself for trying .	I love to sing . Tomorrow I will audition my singing in a talent show . I 'm very nervous about going on stage . My friends are rooting for me . Finally I got to sing , and I ended up winning the contest .	The talent show was scheduled for that night . They were not sure how many performers would be there . The performers were scheduled to be there one hour before the show . Sometimes , they simply would not show up for their acts . The organizers decided they would charge the performers entry fees !	I took part in my school 's talent show . I had been practicing very hard for the show . I went out on stage and sang the song I had rehearsed . Partway though , I forgot the lyrics to the song ! The judges did not pick me as the winner of the talent show .	PERSON stepped on stage in front of her school . Her act was to sing and play the piano . After performing her piece , the audience applauded loudly . The judges appeared very impressed . She won first prize in the talent show .	PERSON entered a talent show at his school . He practiced singing the Star Spangled Banner at home . On the day of the talent show he went on stage first . PERSON sang the song perfectly . The crowd clapped loudly and gave a standing ovation .	PERSON was nervous before her talent show . That evening , she went on stage and sang two songs . Afterwards , the audience applauded loudly . Her parents were very proud . PERSON won the talent show .	PERSON went to a very large high school . She wanted a way to make more friends . PERSON had a very special talent . When the yearly talent show approached she entered . PERSON won the talent show with her performance of a Beatles song .
homework	PERSON wanted to play his video games when he got home from school . PERSON told him he had to do his homework first . PERSON objected loudly , because he did not want to wait . Mom threatened to ground him for a month . PERSON sat down and started to do his homework .	PERSON was a devoted student and always did her work . But one night she forgot her homework in her locker . The next morning she told her teacher what had happened . The teacher knew PERSON was a good student and rarely erred . She let PERSON have another day to turn in the homework .	PERSON hated doing homework . One day , he decided he was going to say that his dog ate his work . PERSON told his teacher the story . PERSON 's teacher did not believe him . She sent a note to his parents explaining what he 'd done .	PERSON always completed his homework . One day when he looked in his yellow folder , it was missing . He began frantically searching throughout his bag for his homework . He then told the teacher that he lost his homework . The teacher was nice and told him to give it tomorrow .	PERSON forgot to read her textbook for History class one day . That very day , the history teacher asked who had read their reading . PERSON was not the only one who had not done the assignment . Half of the kids admitted to not doing the work . Every one of those kids was kicked out of class that day .	PERSON did not want to do homework . She decided to clean up instead . Then she played video games . She went to sleep that night worried . The next day she failed because she neglected her homework !	PERSON did not finish his homework after dinner . He had to finish it in the morning . His mom had to wake him up early . He was able to complete it in time to catch the bus . He went let that happen again .	PERSON always let PERSON copy his math homework before class . And he let her cheat off him during tests too . But the last two days of class , PERSON was sick . And PERSON did n't know what to do . On the day of the final exam , PERSON failed .	PERSON was a terrible student . He did not like to study . One day he decided study and do his homework . He noticed a slight improvement in his grades . Now because he studies , he is a model student .
brother	PERSON was the younger sister of her brother PERSON . PERSON is a professional baseball player . PERSON got a lot of attention because of her brother . She did not like the attention . PERSON hated her brother because of it .	PERSON 's mom adopted a young boy from LOCATION . PERSON was fully prepared to hate him . Who was he to infringe upon her time ? But soon PERSON found herself enchanted by the young boy . Within a few weeks she was utterly devoted to him !	My brother was coming home after moving out . He moved out awhile ago it 's been awhile for all of us to see him . When he got here he was glad to see all of us . We went out to dinner and had a good time . We were all very glad to see him when he came home .	My brother and I only lived in the same house until I was 14 . Our parents divorced and we went separate ways . I 've seen him about once every other year since . He lives six hours away and is about to buy a house there . I am glad he is doing well , but I wish I knew him better .	My brother was in a bad mood . He opened a can of paint . He splashed it on the ground . I told him to clean it up . He refused to clean it up .	My brother had been feeling sick all day . My mom called the school and told them he would n't be able to come in . The teacher gave him all the work he needed . My brother began to do the homework but fell asleep . It is a good thing that he did not have school the next day .	PERSON got a call from a strange man . He wanted to meet PERSON in person . Curious , PERSON agreed . When he met the man he gaped in shock . They two men were twins , separated at birth !	I had n't heard from my brother in over a year . The last time we had contact was at Christmas last year . I sent him a text message while I was thinking about him . He did n't respond at all . I finally told him if he wanted to talk , the ball is in his court now .	PERSON had always wanted a brother . When he was 6 , his parents adopted a baby boy . PERSON was so happy ! He fawned over the baby every day . As the boys grew , they became best friends .
new puppy	Amber really wanted a puppy . She had never had a pet before . She begged her parents to get her one . Her parents refused . Finally her parents agreed to buy her one .	PERSON 's dog ran away one day . His parents tried everything to find it . Eventually they found another that looked exactly the same . They told PERSON his dog had returned . Same never found out the truth .	All PERSON wanted for Christmas was a new puppy . PERSON could not wait to have a puppy because he wanted a friend . After much convincing to his parents , PERSON finally was able to get one . His parents took him to the pet store so he could pick one out . PERSON 's eyes landed on a cute lab and the family took it home .	Sue got a new puppy . It was supposed to teach responsibility . She bought it a new collar . She got her food . Sue set a schedule for the puppy and learned new skills .	PERSON wanted to get a new puppy . His mom told him no . She said he would not take care of it . PERSON showed her he was responsible . His Mom was happy and bought him a puppy .	PERSON had a puppy she loved . One day it ran away . Sue was so sad . One day her dad said Sue I have something for you . It was a new puppy .	PERSON 's little girl PERSON wanted a new puppy . She begged her mom and dad daily for weeks . Together PERSON and her parents came to an agreement . If she received good grades for a month she could get a puppy . She has one week left until she gets to choose her new furry friend .	PERSON really wanted a new puppy . She begged and pleaded to her parents . Her parents finally gave in . The picked up a puppy that day . PERSON was beyond thrilled .	PERSON 's daughter has been wanting a dog . She begs PERSON for one every single day . PERSON tells her a dog is a big responsibility . She promises to take care of the dog every day . A week later PERSON surprised his daughter with a puppy .
PERSON gets lost	PERSON was exploring a new city . She needed excitement in her life . She was trying to find the Concert in the city . Her gps had her turning down back alleys and roads . PERSON pulled over and cried because she was lost in the city .	PERSON is heading to a baseball game . He is in a new city . Joeys GPS decodes to stop working . PERSON is lost . PERSON finds a stranger and gets to the game on time .	PERSON was on a hike when he decided to explore off the trail . He became very distracted by the beautiful off-trail scenery . After an hour of hiking , PERSON finally realized he was lost . He set up a campsite and created a smoke signal to be rescued . A helicopter found his smoke signal , and PERSON was returned to safety .	Fred is visiting LOCATION . He is overwhelmed by the size of the city . Fred wishes he had brought a map . He ca n't find his way to his hotel . PERSON asks a stranger for directions and gets help .	PERSON was lost in the wilderness . She had been hiking by herself and got separated from the trail . Her boyfriend called the police after not hearing from her . A search team was dispatched to the GPS coordinates on her phone . A helicopter found and rescued PERSON near a large tree .	PERSON is camping . PERSON wanders in the woods . He can not find his way back . PERSON panics and looks for his compass . He can not find it and is lost .	PERSON was shopping with his mother in the department store . PERSON went to look at a display of remote control cars . When he was done , he turned around , and his mom was nowhere in sight ! PERSON was so scared he cried very loudly . His mother heard his crying and rushed to him .	PERSON was walking through the mall with her nanny . PERSON stopped to look at a store window . Nanny did not notice PERSON had stopped and kept walking . PERSON suddenly realized she was alone . PERSON cried until a store worker helped her find her nanny .	PERSON was the know-it-all of his scout troop . The other boys always followed PERSON 's rules without question . It all changed when they went on their overnight camping trip . PERSON explained he needed no compass and hiked alone without it . They found him hours later , crying and embarrassed under a tree .
internet	PERSON wanted to get a new computer . He was very broke though . He got a job a bar near his house . With his first paycheck he bought a new computer . He can now use the internet .	Our building internet went down on Saturday . The management tried to reboot the system . The system failed to work after rebooting . The technician did not come to fix the system until Monday . Everybody was angry at the management .	Our internet went out yesterday . We got a note service was restored but our unit was out . I contacted tech support , who had me checking my router . They later found out a tech was still making adjustments . We got service later .	Our internet service was out last weekend . It did not get fixed until Monday . It went down on July 4th as well . Many people complained about the poor service . In response , the management decided to upgrade service to FIOS .	PERSON was browsing an internet forum . He came across a post he disagreed with , so he posted a response . His response started an argument that lasted for two hours . After hundreds of messages back and forth , PERSON was exhausted . He went to bed and forgot about the whole argument .	A couple 's internet went out . They called the cable company . They sent someone to fix it . It took the repairman forever . The couple complained .	My internet went out at the house . I could not watch my movie . I called the company to fix it . They came out the next day . They fixed my internet .	Gene liked the internet . She payed a lot of money for it . One day it went out . She was not able to work . She called the company and got a discount .	The man browsed the internet . He visited an unsafe site . He got a computer virus . He could not get rid of it . He threw out the computer .
singing	PERSON sang the words to her favorite song . Her friend joined in on the singing . Their boyfriends started clapping . The girls got quiet . One of the boyfriends complimented the girls .	PERSON loved singing , and wanted to do it professionally . She had a beautiful voice . She decided to contact an agent . She hired the agent . The agent found her work .	A man was having a panic attack . His friend suggested to simply start singing . The man began singing and calmed down . He learned a new relaxation technique . He never had a panic attack again .	My group was singing at a church . We made a mistake on the last few notes . There were two different endings . The drummer blamed it on himself . I hope no one noticed .	PERSON hated singing at school . Everyone wanted him to sing . PERSON refused . One day a cute girl named PERSON asked him to sing . After that PERSON always sang in school .	The man heard a song he liked . He started to sing along . He realized he knew all the words . His singing grew more confident . His wife clapped for him when it was done .	A few years ago I had a big choir recital . I was not at all ready for the recital . So I spent the whole week before the recital practicing my part . I spent hours a day just singing in my room . My practice paid off , and I performed well at the recital .	I was in LOCATION . I was singing with a few people . A man listened to us sing . He gave us tips . It was very helpful .	PERSON loved to sing and everyone thinks she is really good . She had no desire to do it professionally . She used her `` gift '' for special occasions . One day , she was asked to visit a nursery and sing to sick babies . She loved doing it so much , she started doing it every week .
the kitten	PERSON desperately wanted a kitten . Her mom would not allow any pets . PERSON saw a stray outside a hid it inside her shirt . She brought the kitten inside and fed it . PERSON kept the kitten for nearly two weeks before her mom found it !	PERSON passed a pet store . In the window she noticed a playful kitten . She went inside and played with it for a while . She could n't bear to leave without it . She decided to give the kitten a new home .	When the little girl lost her kitten , she became very sad . Her mother and father helped her search the entire neighborhood . John , her big brother made some fliers and hung them around town . One day , the phone rang and a neighbor said that she found the cat . When she came home from school , her kitten was waiting on her .	A little kitten was meowing loudly in a field . I tried to catch it but it bit my hand . Later , it came into my garden . I took a towel and threw it on the kitten . We brought the kitten in and fed it and now it 's our pet .	PERSON bought a pet for his daughter . It was an adorable little kitten . She loved to pet it and snuggle with it . PERSON did n't like cats but he was glad she was happy . He knew it was the perfect gift for her .	PERSON found a kitten on his way home from school . He picked the kitten up and took it home . He fed the kitten and got the kitten water . He took it to the vet the next day to get it checked out . He ended up adopting the kitten and drove home with it .	I always wanted a pet . I finally decided to get one . I went to the pet store . I saw a pretty kitten . I decided to buy the kitten !	PERSON got a pet kitten . It was very tiny and cute . She was having a lot of fun with it . But then it started staying up all night and playing loudly . PERSON was soon very tired and regretted getting the cat !	PERSON had to move to a senior living home . She had a hard time making friends with the residents . PERSON started to become depressed and lonely . Her daughter went and bought her a kitten for a companion . PERSON was thrilled to have a kitten and her depression went away .
winner	PERSON went to PERSON vegas with her friends . She played at slots for a while . She did not win so she decided to leave . On her way out she played one last slot . And she won the grand jackpot !	Han bought a scratch lottery ticket . He usually did not win , but he still hoped . He scratched the ticket eagerly . Then he doubled over in shock . Han 's ticket was a big winner !	Kia won $ 550 in the state lottery , and went downtown to claim it . On her way in , she saw numerous homeless men and women on the street . Kia felt very bad for them . When she had her winnings , she distributed $ 20 to each one . Everyone thanked her very warmly !	I wanted to win the channel nine pizza contest . I listened to the trivia questions every day at noon . I google the answers every time I heard their questions . Friday I called in with the correct answer to the trivia contest . My answer won the free pizza contest so now I am a winner .	Kia wrote a very good essay in English class . Her teacher submitted it to a statewide contest . Kia 's essay won second place . She was given a ribbon and a $ 50 prize ! She was very happy and proud of herself .	PERSON was running for the title of president of his senior class . PERSON and his friends made signs to put up all over the school . Unfortunately , PERSON 's opponent took down all the posters . He found them all in the trash the next day . As a result , his opponent was removed from the race and PERSON won .	PERSON bought a lottery ticket . She never played , but she was feeling lucky this week . She eagerly watched the drawing on TV . As the numbers were called out , she grew excited . She had matched every number and won the lottery jackpot !	PERSON 's office held a raffle for the employees . PERSON got a ticket , hoping he might win . They said they would announce the winner the following day . PERSON went to work , with his raffle ticket in his pocket . When they announced the winner , PERSON was amazed that it was him !	I prepared for a job promotion many years ago . However I was passed over every time the position opened . I wanted to file a lawsuit but was scared I would lose . I filed the lawsuit anyway and some people made my life hard . I am glad I filed that lawsuit because I won life is good again .
video game	My brother saved up all month to buy a new video game . When he finally got it , it did n't work . He had to call the company to complain . Luckily , they sent him a brand new copy . It worked out just fine .	PERSON was playing a video game . Her dad asked her if she had any studying to do . PERSON told him she did n't . PERSON did n't study and failed her test the next day . PERSON 's dad took the video game away from her .	PERSON wanted a new video game . He asked his friends for recommendations . His friends suggested the new fighting game . PERSON bought that game , and he loved it . He was happy he had listened to the recommendations !	PERSON had found old video game cartridges in his basement . He forgot he even owned them . They were extremely old . PERSON wondered how much the games would sell for . After searching online , he found out they were worth a fortune !	The boy went to a video arcade . He played his favorite machine . His games did n't go very well . He told the owner about his experience . The owner explained that he had made the game settings harder .	PERSON takes her sons to buy a game at GameStop . PERSON is shocked when she see 's the $ 60 price tag . The game is much cheaper on Amazon . The store manager informs her that GameStop does not pricematch . PERSON orders the game from Amazon .	PERSON wanted to play a video game . His mom informed him that he needed to do his chores . PERSON cleaned his bedroom . PERSON did the dishes . PERSON was able to play his video game .	I just bought a new video game that I can not wait to play . Usually when I get a new game I take days off work and just play it . I like to play it all the way through from beginning to the end . I still have half of my shift to get through before I can go home . This is going to be the longest work shift ever !	PERSON and his friend have a competition . The competition is who can complete a video game faster . John plays day and night for three days to complete game . He finally completes the video game . He beats his friend by a hour .
spider	PERSON was angry when she woke up . The huge spider from the night before was still sitting on her desk . She steeled her nerves and decided to smush it once and for all . She got out of bed and leapt with outstretched fist towards the des When she opened her eyes the spider was gone .	PERSON had a job as a general merchandise stocker in a grocery store . One day he was organizing items when he found a spider inside a crate . PERSON did n't believe in harming other living things . He carefully carried the crate outside and let the spider go . Afterward PERSON happily continued with his work .	PERSON saw a huge spider crawling on his ceiling . Not wanting to kill it he tried to capture it in a wide mouth jar . Every time he would get close to spider it hopped away . PERSON grabbed a ladder and got right up on the spider . The spider leapt onto his hand causing him to fall off the ladder .	PERSON was in her room lying on her bed . She saw something crawl across the floor . PERSON got off her bed and looked on the floor . There was a big spider crawling on the floor . PERSON killed the spider .	PERSON was terrified of spiders , so she always had her husband kill them . Then her son , PERSON , 8 , changed her mind . He said spiders were innocent and should n't be killed ! From then on , PERSON called PERSON to take care of any scary spiders . PERSON took them outside carefully and released them !	PERSON was afraid of spiders . One night she was brushing her teeth . Then she saw a spider crawling on the sink ! She rushed out of the bathroom and shrieked . Her dad hurriedly came in to take care of the spider .	Kia saw a huge spider in her bathroom . It crawled down into the drain . She was so scared ! She turned on the tap . Then she let the water run until she was sure it was gone !	PERSON was doing his homework . But he noticed a giant spider on his wall . He went to his kitchen to get something to hit it with . But when he returned to his room , the spider was gone . PERSON spent all night worrying about the spider .	It was 2 AM . And PERSON saw a spider in his room . But it got away . He spend hours trying to find it and then gave up . When he woke up , he felt a terrible pain his arm .
birthday	PERSON was having a birthday party . Her mother brought out her birthday cake . Her mother lit the candles and then PERSON blew them out . Her friend pushed her face into the cake . PERSON was not mad and laughed about it for months .	My niece 's college roommate had a birthday yesterday . My niece posted photos of her in an office . It looked like she was getting a checkup . In fact , she was getting her nose pierced . She had a stud placed on her nostril for her birthday .	Yesterday was my sister in law 's birthday . I bought her a CD and a gift card . I texted her to meet me outside her home after work . I gave her her gifts , and she was very happy . We talked for some time , then separated .	Monday is PERSON 's 45th birthday , two days away . He is excited but secretly hoping there will not be a surprise party . PERSON 's girlfriend decides this year she wo n't throw a party . She remembered him talking about a saltwater guided fishing trip . So on Monday she surprised him with the fishing trip plan and passes .	My niece 's college roommate turned 20 yesterday . They drove from LOCATION to LOCATION . They played music on the radio and sang on the way up . They had dinner in a nice restaurant . Her roommate had a nice day .	PERSON 's birthday was tomorrow . He was excited because he was going with his cousins to LOCATION LOCATION . PERSON woke up eat some breakfast and waited for his cousins to pick him . They picked PERSON up and drove to LOCATION LOCATION . They arrived to Vegas hours later and PERSON was excited .	PERSON was looking forward to his birthday . He wanted a brand new bicycle . PERSON 's parents surprised him with a unicycle . He fell many times learning to ride it . PERSON felt very accomplished when he finally mastered it .	PERSON was a 16 year old high school student . PERSON birthday was coming up and he was excited . His parents got him many presents . He opened each one enthusiastically . He received many great presents and was very grateful .	PERSON was about to turn two . For his birthday , his family took him to chuck e cheese . PERSON ate pizza . He played games for hours . Afterwards , they went home completely exhausted .
kicked out	PERSON was at the library . He was reading a really funny book . He could n't stop laughing . The librarian warned him several times . Eventually PERSON was asked to leave .	Tim always got into trouble . His parents were tired of his shenanigans . They were n't good parents to begin with . Eventually they could n't deal with him anymore . PERSON got kicked out .	PERSON was in the Army . He lived on a base . One day he was driving with alcohol in the back . He was kicked out of the army . They said he had an open container of alcohol .	PERSON and his girlfriend got into a big fight . PERSON kicked her out of the apartment . She refused to leave . PERSON did n't want to be around her . He decided to leave instead .	PERSON was at a house party . He started drinking . He kept drinking too much . Eventually he started making a scene . PERSON was asked to leave party .	PERSON was at a new bar . He was nervous and started drinking . He was there alone . Other people started feeling creeped out . PERSON was sternly asked to leave .	My key would n't fit . The school had changed my dorm lock . An adviser wanted to meet with me . I had my payment worked out with someone . I had been behind on my payments .	PERSON was living with his grandparents . He came home drunk one night . His grandparents decided to kick him out . He did not know where to go . He ended up staying at a cheap hotel .	PERSON was fifteen . It was his birthday and his family forgot . He acted up and got into a fight with his dad . He was kicked out and told never to return . He never did .
moving day	PERSON is an extremely loud person . He likes to listen to PERSON PERSON late into the night . PERSON is fed up with having to live with PERSON . He uses earplugs and white noise to cope , but it is n't enough . PERSON decides he would rather be homeless .	PERSON was moving to LOCATION LOCATION . He packed up everything in his house in boxes . When the moving company came for the boxes , PERSON heard a loud MEOW ! He had accidentally packed his cat , Fluffy , in a moving box ! John let Fluffy out of the box and gave her a big hug .	The day had finally come . PERSON and her roommate were moving out . The old place would be missed , but it was time to go . They loaded up the truck and off they went . It was bittersweet moving for PERSON and her roommate .	My son was on vacation this week . He helped his friend move to a new apartment . The move took two hours . They also drove to IKEA to buy new furniture . He will be busy all day .	PERSON was a single mother to two young boys . She did it alone for many years . One day her son 's father asked her to marry him . She agreed and decided to move in with him . PERSON and her boys moved into the large house and we 're happy .	It was the end of an era . PERSON and PERSON were moving out of their old place . They had lived their all throughout college . The move was bittersweet . The new house was going to be great .	The moving van arrived promptly at nine o'clock . The movers carefully loaded the van with my valuables . Then they drove the van down a dusty and bumpy road . It seemed like hours before they finally arrived at my new home . The movers slowly unloaded the van and I was finally at my new home !	When PERSON turned 18 he wanted to move out of his parent 's home . He had worked hard and for two years saved money . For a couple weeks prior he started searching through the classifieds . He was able to tour a few places and he decided which place he wanted . He paid all his deposits and his parents helped him move his stuff .	PERSON lived in a disheveled , old apartment . She decided it was time to buy a house . Lily found the perfect little home in a different town . She spent weeks packing up all of her things . Lily finally said goodbye to the apartment on moving day !
yoga	PERSON liked working out . Yoga was her favorite . She practiced it every day . One day , she was practicing a new move . She fell right on her face !	PERSON was pregnant but wanted to stay fit . She decided to try a maternity yoga class . She went to the class each week and did her poses . The yoga kept Aya flexible and in shape . She stayed fit all throughout her pregnancy !	PERSON went to his first yoga class the other day . He thought it would be an easy workout and a great way to meet girls . Three minutes into his workout he was sweating like crazy . He tried to wink at a girl but lost his balance and fell over . He left the studio with more respect for yoga and no new numbers .	PERSON was using her sister 's TV to try out a new yoga DVD . She was doing her stretches in the floor beside the bed . While stretching , she noticed something tucked under the bed . It was her sister 's diary ! PERSON pulled the little book out and started to read .	PERSON was feeling completely relaxed . She was doing yoga in her living room . She loved to unwind and work out at the same time . She stretched her muscles farther and farther . She loved to feel the burn .	PERSON needed to take another class for her school . She was n't sure which class she wanted to take . She looked over the school 's website and could n't decide . Eventually she decided on taking yoga . On her first day of Yoga class she really enjoyed it !	My husband wants me to teach him yoga . We 've scheduled to do it twice a week . It 's been two weeks and we have n't even gotten into it . I show him an asana and he just ca n't move that way . It will be awhile before his body loosens up enough .	PERSON went to a yoga class . He had never been . He realized then he was not very flexible . After the class , people were laughing at him . He did better his second time .	PERSON was getting old and stiff . He decided to take care of his health . He enrolled in yoga class . At first , he was the worst yogi at the yoga class . But , after many years he became one of the best yogis !
cheese	PERSON was hungry . She went to the kitchen . She looked in the refrigerator . She took some cheese out of the refrigerator . PERSON ate the cheese .	PERSON loved french cheese . Alas , he had to travel to LOCATION . French cheese was not common there . But , he discovered an Indian cheese called paneer . PERSON loved it more than French cheese !	On Sunday my wife and I went down to our apartment building lobby . They had free coffee there , plus a tv . We watched a show about traveling in LOCATION . The dessert was a cheese assortment . I had cheese for dessert that very night .	PERSON was making tacos for dinner . In the middle of cooking she realized she had forgotten to buy cheese . She asked her husband to run to the store and buy some . He husband was annoyed , but went anyway . The family enjoyed their tacos with cheese that evening .	I was at the supermarket . I decided to buy some cheese . I asked a supermarket employee for a recommendation . She recommended the sharp LOCATION cheddar . I tried it and it was disgusting .	PERSON loved cheese . When he went in LOCATION , he was in heaven trying all the cheeses . One day though he tried blue cheese . He got so sick , he had to go to the hospital . He had forgotten that blue cheese had penicillin in it .	The man squeezed the cheese . It felt too firm . He asked the grocer for a softer cheese . The grocer suggested brie cheese . The man bought the brie .	PERSON needed cheese for her chicken parm . She found a bag of mozzarella in her fridge . She started to sprinkle it over her chicken , then stopped . She saw that there was green mold on the shredded cheese ! Disgusted , PERSON threw the cheese into the trash bin .	PERSON loved to eat cheese . One day , he decided to eat a lot . He ate so much that he had none left in his house . Finally , PERSON was forced to buy more cheese at the store . Then , PERSON was able to eat more cheese in peace .
the ride	PERSON 's two dogs love to ride in in her car . Since she had errands to run today , she took them along . The weather was very nice so PERSON opened the windows for them . Both of the dogs put their heads out of the window to feel the air . Once the errands were done , the dogs were not happy to go back home .	I bought a car and started driving it everywhere . It became like a part of me and I was very attached to it . While making a turn , a person smashed into my car with theirs . It was totaled and I feared I 'd never be able to afford another car . The insurance company paid for my car 's value and I got new one !	The subway train broke down when it was in the tunnel under the river . The only way out was to leave the train and walk in the dark . The conductor stayed behind because some people could n't walk . The group that left were almost out when they heard rushing water . They barely made it out of the tunnel before it completely flooded .	We drove all night , only to get halfway there . We had the top down so we could feel the wind in our hair . The gentle hum of the tires was enough to lull us to sleep . If it had n't been for the chill in the air , we 'd have crashed already . Only a few more hours till we 're home , in our warm beds .	On Tuesday I used a paratransit service for a dental appointment . The service , called The Ride , got me there on time . It also picked me up on time . But because of heavy usage , it took me 75 minutes to get home . A normal car ride is 20 minutes .	PERSON loves to ride her horse on the nearby trails . On her most recent ride , PERSON forgot her helmet . PERSON 's horse spooked at a squirrel that ran across their path . PERSON fell off of her horse and cut her head . PERSON needed stitches to close the cut on her head .	PERSON wanted to drive his father 's car . PERSON 's father would not let him drive his car . PERSON waited until his father was asleep to steal the car . As he sped down the highway , PERSON was pulled over by a policeman . PERSON was taken to prison and his father refused to bail him out !	PERSON decided to go out for a ride on Sunday . It was a nice day to relax . She went through the countryside . She saw all the beautiful sites along the way . She had a relaxing afternoon .	PERSON really liked theme parks . But she easily got sick because of them . She decided to ride the fastest one . Unsurprisingly this made her very sick . And she puked everywhere due to it .
gloves	The girl put on some gloves . They did n't match her outfit . She told her mom she needed new gloves . The mom told her to wear a different outfit . The girl found an outfit that matched the gloves .	The woman had big hands . She thought gloves made them look better . Her friends disagreed with that . They discussed the gloves . They agreed that it had been rude to bring up the gloves .	PERSON knew that his wife 's birthday was coming up . He wanted to get her something special . A pair of gloves were chosen to help her out on the farm . He wrapped them in a horse-theme wrapping paper . She was excited when she saw what her gift was .	As winter approached , PERSON realized she needed new gloves . She went to the store to try to find a good pair . She found lovely blue gloves with a white snowflake pattern . She even got her new gloves at a discount . PERSON was very glad to have beautiful gloves to keep her warm .	My Mother likes to knit . She knit me some beautiful gloves . She sent them to me last week . I was surprised to get a present in July ! I love my beautiful gloves .	Cole was going outside to play . He pulled his old gloves on . Then he saw that his hands had grown and they were too small ! Cole carefully cut off the tips of the fingers . His new fingerless gloves fit him perfectly .	PERSON had just moved to LOCATION from LOCATION . He did not own any winter clothes and was n't anticipating the cold . When he arrived at his hotel room he realized his hands were freezing ! PERSON knew he needed gloves and walked to the drugstore . When he arrived he found a free promotion giving away gloves !	The man put on gloves . The woman watched him . The woman wondered what the gloves were for . She followed the man . She saw the man steal a car stereo .	PERSON had delicate hands . She needed gloves . Her hands got cold often . PERSON decided to buy a good pair of gloves . PERSON was happy that she finally had gloves .
new pet	PERSON 's wife wants a new puppy . PERSON was never much of a dog person , but he loved his wife dearly . At the weekend , PERSON took his wife to the pet store to have look . His wife begged and begged for a pit-bull , but PERSON was n't happy . The couple agreed on a Labrador and they could n't have been happier .	PERSON always wanted a puppy . His parents did n't think he was responsible enough . PERSON tried hard for months to prove that he was . He studied hard , did his chores and followed the rules . Eventually PERSON 's parents got him the puppy .	PERSON decided he was ready to get a pet . He went to the local shelter to decide on a dog or cat . After looking at all the animals , he still could n't make up his mind . On the way out , he heard a dog start barking and running after him . PERSON smiled as he realized the dog made the decision for him .	PERSON loved animals . PERSON begged her parents for a new pet . She was told she would n't get a new pet . PERSON gave up hope . Then her parents surprised her with a new dog .	PERSON wanted to get a pet . His dad took him to the pet store . At the pet store they looked at different kinds of animals . PERSON ended up liking a dwarf hamster . PERSON 's dad bought him the dwarf hamster .	PERSON had always wanted a dog . PERSON 's mother would never allow her to have a pet . One day , a dog followed PERSON 's mother home from the grocery store . The dog would not go away , but laid down on PERSON 's mother 's ' feet . The dog got to stay , and PERSON got a new pet .	We never had a dog when I was young . But my sister really wanted one . So we went to the local SPCA and fell in love with one . He was a big black lab , but we instantly bonded . Now I want to get my own dog from the SPCA .	I adopted a new cat the other day . I figured it would be nice for my other cat . That way they have someone to play with . I brought him home and was excited to see them interact . They got into a big fight right away and I had to return it .	PERSON wanted a pet cat . He went to the pound and ask to look at the cats . There was only one cat left at the pound . The cat was old and fat . PERSON got a dog instead .
grocery store	I woke up this morning and noticed I had no groceries . Trying to change this , I got dressed real quick and got in my car . I drove straight to my local grocery store and grabbed a cart . After 30 minutes , I got everything I needed and out I went . Driving back to my house , I could n't wait to cook up breakfast !	PERSON went to to store to get food . He did n't know the floor was just mopped . The person who mopped did n't put up a wet floor sign . PERSON slipped and fell . I could n't help laughing at him !	PERSON went to the grocery store . She was shopping for some milk . PERSON could choose whole milk or low fat milk . She considered that she was on a diet . PERSON chose the low fat alternative .	PERSON needed some flour and milk . She went to the local grocery store to get them . When she walked in , she saw a girl from work that she does n't like . The girl yelled at her from across the store , but PERSON ignored her . She hurriedly got her groceries and left .	PERSON wanted to make a nice meal for PERSON . She went to the store and got pasta , tomatoes , garlic and chicken . She went home and made her famous pasta sauce . PERSON came over and brought wine . PERSON and PERSON enjoyed a very nice dinner !	We all went to the store . My daughter wanted to buy a pizza . My son wanted to throw a fit . We walked down every aisle and I grabbed what I needed . We made it to the checkout before anything horrible happened .	PERSON had a new job at a grocery store . She thought it was going to be an easy job . PERSON was not prepared for a job standing for hours . She also was twisting her torso as she rang groceries . At the end of the first week PERSON 's whole torso was sore .	I went to the grocery store . I was trying to buy bananas . I could n't find any bananas . They were sold out of bananas . I left the store and went home .	PERSON was low on groceries for the week . She sat down and wrote out her list of the things the family needed . When finished , she grabbed her bags and headed out the door . While on her way to the store , she had a flat and had to pull over . She fixed the flat tire and continued on to the grocery store .
lunch break	PERSON had spent 4 hours enrolling in a new high school . She was hungry . The lady doing the enrollments announced a lunch break . PERSON was excited to get a break . Her joy turned sour when she realized she had no friends at lunch .	Eddie was having a busy day at work . He did n't realize that he had n't taken lunch . Work started to slow down around two o'clock . Eddie noticed he was hungry . He finally took a break for lunch .	PERSON and his father were driving to the campout . PERSON was anxious to get there as soon as possible . PERSON 's father decided to stop to get a snack . PERSON started crying and refused to get out of the car . PERSON 's father was frustrated with PERSON 's behavior .	Iving usually took his lunch to the office . He kept his lunch in the break room refrigerator . Someone kept stealing Irving 's lunch from the refrigerator . He decided to go out to eat instead of eating lunch at the office . By dining out at lunch , PERSON ended up eating more and gained weight .	PERSON was on lunch with her class . A girl approached her table . The girl told PERSON all about the bully PERSON . She had also been bullied by PERSON . The girl was impressed PERSON stood up to the biggest bully at school .	It was a lovely spring day . PERSON decided to leave his office on his lunch break . He took a walk outside . He felt great soaking up the sunlight . He never wanted to go back to the office !	I am told that I have to take a lunch break by my boss . But I always eat a huge breakfast and am not hungry . My boss tells me it is illegal for me to just work all day every day . I spend my lunch break just wandering around outside the building . It feels very wasteful , and I might try sneaking some work tomorrow .	PERSON had forty five minutes to spare during his lunch break . He went across the street to the outdoors store and looked at canoes . A salesman came up to PERSON and told him the canoes were on sale . PERSON bought a canoe at fifty percent off . PERSON never expected to buy a canoe on his short lunch break !	PERSON came home from work for her lunch hour . When she got to the front door something smelled really good . She saw her husband cutting a fresh pot roast at the counter . He had decided to surprise her with a home cooked meal . PERSON enjoyed her lunch and went back to work .
gossip	I overheard a couple of coworkers talking about me . They said mostly nice things . It was a pleasant surprise I look forward to working with them again soon . I will be just as friendly in return .	PERSON was sleeping over at her friend PERSON 's After watching two movies they took a break . They went to the backyard and sat on the swings . The sun had set and it was almost dark . They sat and gossiped about school , and boys in the cool , fall air .	PERSON likes to gossip about PERSON . PERSON talk about PERSON . It 's a horrible situation . I told the both of them to work it out ! Now we are all the best of friends .	PERSON 's mom was mad at him . She would not speak to him . One day she had some good gossip to share . She finally called to tell him . He would not answer the phone .	PERSON 's crush PERSON had broken his leg . When he returned to school PERSON said bad things about him . Another kid told PERSON what PERSON had said . PERSON was not pleased . The gossip had caused a rift between the boys .	June loved to make up stories about people . She knew it was wrong . She also knew it could hurt people 's feelings . One day she got called into the principal 's office . June received detention for spreading gossip at school .	I was talking to a friend on the phone . I mentioned that I had strong feelings about a certain girl . I confided that I was wary of the girl 's reputation . The next day I was ready to finally introduce myself to her . She ended up rudely snubbing me all day .	Everyone was laughing at PERSON today . He asked some people if anyone knew the reason behind it . He was told that everyone knows that he sleeps naked . Although it was untrue , we went to his friend who only knew about that . His friend admitted that he shared the information .	PERSON gossiped about her co-worker . Her co-worker heard what she was saying . He talked to her boss about it . Her boss filed a formal complaint on her behalf . PERSON was forbidden to talk about her co-worker .
first day of school	PERSON was very nervous , because today was her first day of school . She tried to make new friends , but it was proving very challenging . A girl sat down beside her in the lunch room , and they became friends . PERSON realized that the first day of school was scary for everyone . The teachers all were nice and helped her make it through the day .	Yesterday was my daughter 's first day of school . She had been waiting for that day all summer long . She has so much fun at school . I was pretty excited for her return also . She was bright and early for the bus that day .	My daughter was terribly nervous about the first day of second grade . She was feeling terrified , no matter what we said to comfort her . The first day of school finally arrived . She was crying in the car when I drove her to school . But when I picked her up she only had good things to say .	PERSON started kindergarten today . She was worried about leaving her family . She arrived at school . Her teacher was very nice . PERSON was not worried about school anymore .	Today was PERSON 's first day of school . PERSON was afraid to start school and spend the day away from home . A boy named PERSON saw that PERSON was nervous and befriended him . PERSON and PERSON had a great time playing and learning together . PERSON went home with a smile on his face and could n't wait to come back .	PERSON was incredibly excited for his first day of middle school . He had all his supplies and new clothes , and felt prepared . But the night before , he was so excited he did n't get a wink of sleep . He slept through his alarm , and was almost an hour late to school . He reflected sadly that it was n't exactly the best way to get started .	It was PERSON 's first day of school . He was very excited . His mom and PERSON had packed all his things for him . They took him to the school and dropped him off . He walked into his first class and knew that he would like it .	Starting my first day of college was terrifying . I was not sure of my professors or the people in the class . Once class started , my fears dissipated . The class was enjoyable and the other students were friendly . I now love school and I do not get nervous anymore .	The first day of school made PERSON nervous . He had all new clothes on and fresh new supplies . He rode on the bus and arrived at school . He looked around at the other kids and felt more at ease . PERSON made friends fast that first day and enjoyed the school year .
tutor	PERSON was failing math . Her parents hired a tutor to help her . At first PERSON resented the implication . But the tutor studied with her and helped her quite a bit . Soon PERSON 's grades had improved drastically !	I hired a tutor to help me with my math class . My teacher gave me a take-home test . I showed it to my tutor but did n't tell him it was a test . He answered all the questions on the test . I received an A in the class .	PERSON was failing science class . Her mom hired a tutor for her . Every day the two studied after school . PERSON started to understand more and more . Soon she was getting high grades in her class !	PERSON needed help getting on the starting team . He was worried that he was n't good enough for the team . He asked me for help the next day and I tried to help him out . After I tutored him a bit he asked the coach about the team . The coach tried him out a bit and was impressed !	PERSON was an excellent math student His teacher suggested that he become a tutor in his free time . He put his name and some references on the school bulletin board . Soon he had clients from three different schools . All the money he made went into his college fund .	PERSON was doing badly in school . She worked hard , but struggled to understand the concepts . So she went for tutoring after classes . The tutors helped her grasp the ideas and learn more . Soon her grades had improved drastically !	The little boy was failing math . His mom found a tutor . He made a B on his last test . The tutor continued to help . He ended up with an A on his report card .	PERSON 's grades were getting worse and worse as he got older . His parents were very worried about him so they got him a tutor . PERSON told me he hated the tutor but still tried to work with him . One day PERSON said he thinks that the tutoring is working . PERSON 's grades went up by one full letter grade on his next report !	PERSON was a smart student and loved to volunteer . He spent many hours tutoring other students that struggled . PERSON 's teachers recognized how much he helped others . They nominated PERSON for a school-wide award . PERSON won and was recognized by the principal for his work .
the doll	PERSON really wanted a new doll . Her dad told her she needed to help out more . She began to help her mom in the kitchen after dinner . She also helped her dad in the yard . After a week , PERSON was able to get her doll .	PERSON wanted to buy a new doll from the store . She saved her money for a long time . When she saved enough , she and her mother went to the store . PERSON chose a doll that looked just like her . PERSON was very happy with her new doll .	PERSON owned a very pretty doll . One day , PERSON was playing outside with her doll . She accidentally dropped the doll into a mud puddle . PERSON cried because her doll was dirty . PERSON was happy after her mom cleaned up the doll good as new .	PERSON got a new doll . She named it PERSON . She took it to school one day . PERSON lost her doll during recess . She cried for the rest of the day .	PERSON found a doll on the street . It was missing an eye and very dirty . She took it home and cleaned it up . She heard laughter coming from the doll and it moved around . PERSON decided to sell the haunted doll on Ebay .	PERSON loved her new present . It was a doll . PERSON named her and brushed her hair . She carried her around with her all day . The doll was very special to PERSON .	PERSON was having a yard sale . He was selling a lot of his daughter 's old toys . His daughter saw her favorite old doll in a box of things for sale . PERSON 's daughter began to cry . PERSON gave the doll back to his daughter .	My daughter has been dying to get an American Girl doll . She has been begging me for months . They are really expensive . I hope she will play with it if I buy it for her . I think I will get it for her on her birthday .	The little girl asked LOCATION for a new doll . She was very specific about how big it should be . She wanted it to have a pink dress . On Christmas morning , she was thrilled to open a box with the doll . It was a dream come true !
recycling	PERSON believed firmly in the cause of recycling . She decided to make her small town friendlier to recycling . She talked to her neighbors and organized meetings . After a lot of efforts , PERSON 's town finally had recycling bins . She celebrated by throwing a party using recycled paper for plates .	PERSON was signing up for new trash collection services . They asked if she would like recycling and she said no . Later that week she noticed bottles building up everywhere . She decided to call back and request the recycling service . Luckily , that helped to keep her house free of trash .	A neighbor kept parking his car in front of our recycling bins . This prevented the city crew from picking up our recycling . We left a note on the car but the practice continued . One day , in a rage , my wife dumped our recycling bin on this car . This car then stopped parking in front of our recycling bins .	PERSON was homeless . He wanted to make some money to eat . He would go around picking up cans and bottles . It was barely enough to keep him from starving . He was indirectly helping clean up .	PERSON loved the environment and wanted to do something to help . She asked her friends what could be done at her school . She and her friends decided to start a recycling campaign . They set up recycling stations in the school cafeteria . PERSON was so happy to help out by starting the recycling efforts .	PERSON cared about the environment . He always took his own bag grocery shopping . He saved hundreds of plastic bags by himself . It seemed like a small difference . But the numbers show a huge payoff .	I used to litter everywhere . One day , I threw a candy wrapper and a bird started to eat it . The bird choked on it before spitting it out . It made me realize how littering affects other organisms . Now I actively work to keep people from littering .	I always try to recycle as much as possible . I separate things and take them to the right bins . Unfortunately the bins provided to us are always full . So I usually just wind up throwing everything in the trash cans . It 's hard to know who to blame in this situation .	PERSON lived at a fraternity house . They had a lot of parties . They always had tons of empty cans afterward . PERSON would gather them up and take them to recycle . He made a good amount of extra money that way .
christmas lights	PERSON was decorating the house for Christmas . He decided to put lights on the roof too . He climbed his ladder and draped them up there . Then he climbed down and surveyed his work . He now had the most festive house on the block !	PERSON wanted to put up lights for Christmas . PERSON decided to put up lights on Thanksgiving . Before having dinner , PERSON worked on putting up the lights . He ran out of time before he had to eat with the family . PERSON could not finish putting up lights before Thanksgiving was over .	It was getting close to winter . The PERSON family decided it was time to hang Christmas lights . They picked out a set from the store . They hung them on the side of the house . When they plugged them in , only half lighted up .	Every year my family loves decorating for Christmas . We usually put up a lot of lights and decorations . This year there was a problem with the lights . Half of them did n't turn on . We still enjoyed the effort and end result .	PERSON 's house had Christmas lights on it . They never took them down after Christmas . Eventually a neighbor complained . PERSON felt embarrassed by it . He finally took down the lights .	PERSON dragged out her CHristmas decorations . She started to hang the lights on her roof . She slipped and fell off ! Her husband came home and found he lights hanging from the roof . He said they would hire someone to finish .	The family took the Christmas tree and lights out of storage . The father tested the lights . Three of the strands were burned out . The mother went to the store and bought more lights . The family was finally able to decorate the Christmas tree .	PERSON loved the holidays . He really enjoyed seeing decorations . One neighborhood in particular went all out . He decided to check it out . He spent hours walking around watching .	The man strung up the Christmas Lights . He turned them on . They did not light up . He checked each bulb . He replaced the burnt out bulb .
garden	Little PERSON wanted to have a garden . PERSON 's mom bought her some seeds . PERSON dug around in the back yard . She carefully planted the seeds and prayed for rain . A week later , PERSON saw baby tomato plants popping up in her garden !	I planted a garden in the spring . It rained a lot that spring . The garden grew really well . In the summer there was a drought so nearly the entire garden died . I planted another garden the next spring .	June had decided to start a garden . She bought some helpful books to get her started . June decided to plant a variety of vegetables . With tender love and care , they began to grow . June took pride with every bite of a vegetable from her garden .	PERSON had a beautiful garden . She planted a dozen flowers . She watered them every day . When they were almost ready to bloom , there was a drought . All of her plants died .	We went to the italian restaurant that just opened . We ordered lasagna trios . They brought use three kinds of lasagna . We loved all of them . My husband left very satisfied .	The farmer planted a large garden for the town . He planted vegetables of every kind . Each year he did this to promote healthy living . School children helped the farmer with the planting . The town always looks forward to the yearly garden .	PERSON decided to plant a garden . He worked hard and planted the seeds . Everything started to grow . One day a deer came along and ate all the plants . PERSON was very sad because everything was ruined .	My father used to be a gardener before he died . He had a garden with many different kinds of vegetables . He took good care of every single plant . Now that he is no longer here , I take care of his plants . It is a good way to remember my father .	PERSON loved to work in the garden . It was a sunny day so she started digging in the soil . She planted a bunch of tomato plants and green beans . Summer rains helped the plants to grow . In the fall , PERSON gathered her food and ate it .
hot	The weather in LOCATION was cool this morning . The temperature was in the 60s . Even at 2 pm , the temperature was only 75 . I was surprised when my wife came home and turned on the ac . The temperature had risen to 88 and it was very humid outside .	My grandmother turned off the air conditioner . She thought it was cold . It was almost 90 degrees . Everyone else was sweating . They turned on a fan .	The apartment was hot . The man was desperate to cool it . He left the freezer open . It stopped working . He had to replace the freezer .	PERSON was on vacation in the south . He was used to the north and snow . PERSON decided to wear a jacket outside . He was very hot from the warm weather . He then needed extra water because of how hot he was .	It was 95 degrees outside . But PERSON wanted to air out her room . She opened the window and put in a fan . The temperature in the room rose by 10 degrees in 20 minutes . PERSON regretted her decision to open the window .	PERSON grew up in the cold Northeast , and hated it . When she finished school , she went to work in LOCATION for a year . She thought the constant high heat sounded like paradise . But soon she found that sweating all day was very miserable ! In the end , she was actually happy to come home to the cold !	The house was very cold , so I turned on the heater . The smell was acrid as the heat spread through our home . That night , I woke up in a sweat . I ran to turn down the heater . I got back in bed and laid there until I was comfortable enough .	It was so hot outside this morning . My dog came in panting very hard . She was so exhausted she had to lie down . She drank an entire bowl of water . Then she asked for some food .	PERSON ordered hot chicken wings . She thought mild sauce was too plain , so hot sounded great . But when they arrived , they were incredibly spicy ! PERSON could hardly eat them . She wished she had not ordered them quite so hot .
found cat	PERSON heard some noises coming from outside . He went to look and found a stray cat . It was small and playful . PERSON felt bad and decided to feed it . After a while it became his pet .	Our cat died shortly afterward . It was back in our garage . It had lost weight . My neighbor found it . It was missing for weeks .	PERSON saw a cat while walking home . It followed her all the way . PERSON felt bad and fed it . The cat kept returning . Eventually PERSON kept it as a pet .	PERSON left his window open . His cat got out of the house . PERSON looked for his cat . He put posters up to find his cat . Someone called him with his cat .	PERSON found a cat in his neighborhood . It had a collar on it . PERSON called the number on the collar . The people who answered were very gracious . They gave him a prize for his trouble .	PERSON was walking in his neighborhood when he came across a stray cat . He took the cat home and gave it some water and kibble . The next day , he found a flyer for a missing cat in his mailbox . He called the number on the flyer . A few hours later , he reunited the cat with its owner .	PERSON found a cat while walking through his neighborhood . No one was around so he examined the cat for a collar . There was not collar so he picked up the cat and took it home . That night PERSON made posters saying that he found a cat . No one claimed the cat so PERSON kept it as a pet .	PERSON found a cat on his way home one day . The cat had a collar on it with a phone number . It looked hungry and tired so PERSON took it home . He called the owners later in the day . They thanked him and picked up the cat promptly .	PERSON found a stray cat roaming her neighborhood . She checked for tags , but it had none . She decided to adopt it . PERSON took it home , bathed it and fed it . Soon the cat became her loving companion !
kindergarten	PERSON was excited about her first day of kindergarten . Her friend who lived next door was going to the same school . They decided to walk to school together on that first day . While walking they discovered they had the same teacher . When they arrived at their class , they chose to sit by each other .	It was PERSON 's first day of kindergarten . He was very nervous that he would n't know anyone in his class . When he got there he was assigned a seat . It was right next to his friend PERSON . He felt lucky to have a seat next to someone he knew .	PERSON was going to start kindergarten . She was very excited but also very nervous . PERSON was used to spending all her time around family only . Her first day school went well . PERSON loved school and became a very popular student .	PERSON liked to read stories . She liked it so much , that she wanted to be a kindergarten teacher . She enrolled on a course to learn how . After years of gruelling studies , she had her exams . PERSON passed with flying colours and soon became a teacher .	It was PERSON 's first day of kindergarten . He was nervous to be away from home for the first time . But he tried to be brave as he entered the classroom . There , his new teacher was kind and helpful to him all day ! At the end of the day , PERSON already loved kindergarten !	It was PERSON 's first day of Kindergarten . He was very nervous . He clung to his mother 's leg , but she finally left and he had to stay . After a little while , he started to take part in the class . By the end of the day , he was glad he had gone !	PERSON was so excited for her first day of school . She arrived at school with a huge grin on her face . She waved bye to her mom and started playing with her daycare friends . She had nap time and snack time and recess . It was the best day ever !	PERSON is in kindergarten . She does not like her teacher . Her teacher reprimanded her in front of the class . PERSON was embarrassed . PERSON was happy once the last day of school was over .	It was PERSON 's first day of kindergarten . Her parents worried that she might start crying . So both of them walked her to the classroom and told her to have fun . PERSON turned around and walked into the classroom without looking back . This time is was not the kid , but the parents , who shed a tear .
the thief	PERSON walked down the aisles of the book store . There were just too many books to choose from . Finally , he selected one and slipped it into his pocket . As he walked out the door , he heard a loud beeping . PERSON had set off the alarm .	PERSON has a habit of taking items that do n't belong to him . Last night he stole a trailer from PERSON 's yard . PERSON has a camera in his yard and caught PERSON on tape . The cops were called and took PERSON to jail . PERSON is now sitting in a cell thinking about his actions .	PERSON decided to steal a police car . He stole a 1997 Ford police cruiser . Unfortunately , there was a GPS tracking device in the car . The police promptly found PERSON and arrested him . PERSON went to prison for three years .	PERSON stepped out of the store after a Day of shopping . As she was walking a thief came and stole her bag . She was upset and decided to report it to the police . After a few days she received a call from the police . They found the thief and PERSON got her bag back !	PERSON was a good kid who did well in school and at home . He played football and was considered the best player around . He always seemed to have money despite his parents job . One day the police came over and said he was in jail . All this time he was stealing from homes to buy the things he had .	PERSON was sitting at a bar with her friends and put her phone down . All of a sudden , she looked down and her phone was n't there . She questioned the guys next to her and they promptly got up and left . She called the police but they took their time getting to the bar . PERSON never got her phone back .	LOCATION was relaxing at the park . She saw a man rush past and steal a woman 's purse . The police arrived at the scene . PERSON walked over to the police . She gave a statement of what she saw happen .	PERSON loved to paint near her bedroom window . She always left her paintbrushes in a cup on the window ledge . One day , PERSON finds that someone has taken her paintbrush . She searches all over the house in hopes of finding it . When PERSON looks under the bed , she sees her cat with the paintbrush !	PERSON really wanted a new bike . He saw one in a garage and took it . The homeowner caught him . PERSON was arrested . PERSON was now known as a thief !
snorkeling	PERSON was on vacation in the Keys . She had been having a great time . She saw a place to go snorkeling . PERSON jumped in the water . She had a wonderful time looking at all the beautiful fish .	PERSON 's family was going snorkeling in LOCATION LOCATION . He was afraid to go in the deep water . His mom gave him a flotation device . PERSON cautiously got in the water . He immediately had fun viewing the different fish .	I always wanted to snorkel in the ocean . We went to the LOCATION LOCATION . I rented the equipment . I got to see all kind of bright , colorful fish . I ca n't wait to snorkel again !	The kids loved to be in the ocean . Snorkeling was their favorite thing . They watched some fish underwater for a while . It was amazing to see them dart in and out of the coral . The kids were most pleased when a big turtle swam by !	PERSON put on his fins , mask and snorkel . He hopped off the boat into the crystal clear water . The first thing he noticed were brightly colored fish . It was beautiful under the water . When he thought he 'd seen everything a big turtle floated past .	I was excited to go snorkeling for the first time . My friend told me to go to crab island and snorkel . I made a reservation with a tour guide to take me there . I had an amazing time . Someone on the tour caught a seahorse .	For Spring Break Sue 's dad took her to LOCATION LOCATION . They rented a sailboat and sailed all around the island . One day they anchored in a cove and went snorkeling . They saw all sorts of beautiful coral and fish . As she went to sleep that night Sue could still see all bright colors .	PERSON put a pair of flippers on his feet . He put a snorkeling mask on his eyes and nose . PERSON swam underwater . He saw a colorful parrotfish . PERSON reached out to touch the fish .	PERSON went snorkeling in the ocean . He saw many beautiful fish and reefs . He also saw a large sand shark ! PERSON took many pictures of the fish . When he was done he said that he would go snorkeling again very soon .
popcorn	When we were in boy scouts we had to sell popcorn . We would go door to door trying to sell . Luckily some of the people bought some . We then had to go around delivering the containers . It was a good way to raise money for the troop .	PERSON wanted homemade popcorn . She gathered up her dried kernels . These , she seasoned with salt and garlic . Then she boiled them in hot oil . They were incredibly delicious !	PERSON worked at a movie theater . One day , it was his job to make the popcorn . He followed the directions and added the ingredients . As the popcorn popped , he realized there was way more than he thought . He had accidentally doubled the ingredients !	PERSON was making popcorn . She put the bag in the oven and pressed the time . Little did she know the microwave was broken . When she came back , the bag was still unpopped . PERSON finally figured out that the microwave did n't work .	Today I made a bag of popcorn . I put it in the microwave and started a load of laundry . I was doing laundry and forgot about the popcorn . The bag of popcorn burnt . Now my whole house smells like burnt popcorn .	PERSON grew corn in his field . He took a few ears and buttered them . Then he put them in the microwave . The kernels began to explode . PERSON had made his own popcorn !	PERSON loved popcorn , and ate it almost every day . He usually threw in a packet into the microwave after school . He did this recently and went to the bathroom to kill time . The popcorn ended up burnt , but he ate it anyway . He got very sick and gradually lost an appetite for it .	PERSON wanted popcorn . She went to the kitchen and put some in the microwave . She timed it as normal . While she waited , she put her laundry in . Her popcorn burned and PERSON cried .	I took my family to the movies . All my kids had to go to the bathroom so I went to get snacks alone . By the time I finished ordering the counter was full of popcorn . I had no clue how to get it into the the theater . Luckily the ticket taker helped me or I would have spilled everywhere .
alarm	PERSON had a very important meeting the next day . She knew that she needed an alarm . PERSON ran to the store quickly to purchase one . After she bought it , and set it next to her bed . The next day , PERSON woke up at the right time .	Angel forgot to set her alarm . She woke up when the light came in through the window . Angel looked at the clock and saw she was late for work . She called her boss and told him she overslept . The boss laughed and told her to take her time coming in .	The alarm sounded loudly in PERSON 's ear . Quickly , he grabbed the neon yellow jacket and flags . He heard the panic begin to rise among his co-workers . Calmly , he ushered the group out of the building . In the parking lot , PERSON did a headcount to ensure everyone was there .	PERSON did n't want to go to class . He had poor attendance and could n't skip the class . Before class began he pulled a fire alarm . Ink sprayed out and covered his hand . He stood outside with the other students hiding his hand in his pocket	PERSON needed to wake up early the next day . PERSON set the alarm on his smart phone . PERSON set the tone volume too loud . PERSON slept through the alarm . PERSON was upset the alarm did not wake him up .	PERSON has to be at work at 8am every day . She sets three alarms . She woke up at 6am . However , she fell back asleep . PERSON was late for work .	I was cleaning my kitchen last night . A loud beeping started up . It took me forever to locate the source . Finally , I noticed it was coming from the refrigerator . When I closed the door all the way , the beeping stopped .	I set the alarm for early the next morning . I could not afford to sleep in . I woke up suddenly to the bright sunlight . I had slept in ! My phone had died overnight , and I was late again .	PERSON had a big meeting to attend in the morning . To wake up early , he set an alarm for 7 AM . The night before , he stayed up late and watched movies . The next morning at 7 AM the alarm went off , to his dismay . He was exhausted and regretted how he spent the previous night .
radio	PERSON 's favorite radio station does a contest every week . He has never won a contest before . But PERSON decided to enter anyway . PERSON called in when the host began the daily contest . PERSON did n't win and decided to try again next week .	PERSON was finding hosts for his weekly radio show . He searched every government building and could n't find anyone worthy ! While he was nervously panicking he thought of something genius ! He invited his mom onto the show for a family episode . The show was a huge success and his mom was very happy after .	PERSON 's radio broke one day . She had very little money to replace it . She went to the secondhand store . There , she found a similar radio to the one that 'd broke . She bought it for a great price and took it home happily !	PERSON was driving through his city . PERSON was listening to the radio . The radio announced a prize for the 10th caller . PERSON called repeatedly and finally got through . PERSON was pleasantly surprised to learn he won the prize .	The man turned on a radio . He disagreed with what he heard . He called the radio station . The radio station hung up the phone . The man found another radio station to play .	PERSON was in her room listening to music . A song played she heard a boy listening to . She ran to the radio and pushed record on her tape deck . She was recording over another song . This was more important , so she did n't care .	PERSON found an old radio in the attic . It had belonged to her mom many years ago . PERSON brought it downstairs and dusted it off . Then she plugged it in . To her joy , it still worked !	PERSON had a long drive ahead of him . He turned on his radio station and listened to the radio host . The radio host told funny stories and interesting anecdotes . PERSON smiled and kept driving . The commute was much easier with the radio keeping him company .	The man listened to the radio in his car . The signal became weak . He tried to find another station . He could not find a station he liked . He turned off the radio in his car .
christmas tree	PERSON and her family wanted to get a fresh Christmas tree . They drove to a local farm to find a tree . PERSON walked around until she found one she liked . They cut down the tree but it was too large for their car . PERSON and her family had to settle for a smaller Christmas tree .	PERSON 's family searched the woods for the perfect Christmas tree . After about two hours they found a beautiful one . His dad was about to swing the ax when they heard chirping . There was a family of birds in the tree . So they started their search over again .	PERSON was going to pick out a Christmas tree with her grandma . She was excited because her mother always used fake trees . The lot was huge , and there were trees everywhere . PERSON fell in love with a small tree no taller than her . Her grandma protested , but PERSON still got the tree she wanted .	Our daughter bought a Christmas tree this week . Her 18 month daughter was delighted . Our son-in-law had a special lighting ceremony . He waited until it was dark and had the child stand by . When he turned on the lights the child clapped and laughed .	The Smiths drove to the mountains to cut a live Christmas tree . They searched for over an hour before finding the perfect tree . Just as Mr PERSON saw about to swing the ax , they noticed a nest . There were baby birds in the tree . They decided to chop down a different tree .	We went into the woods to find our Christmas Tree . We found one and we cut it down with our ax . We put it on top of our car and drove it home . Mom made hot chocolate . We decorated our tree while listening to music .	I was still full from Thanksgiving but could not wait . I went to the shed and got my Christmas tree and decorations . I set up the tree in front of my front room windows . I then spent hours putting decorations on the tree . I stood back and was proud of my beautiful Christmas tree .	My family put up our Christmas tree Thanksgiving night . We all helped with the ornaments . The kids had so much fun looking at ornaments from years past . We got everything on the tree and it looks a bit cluttered . All the memories make it beautiful , though .	The Browns got a Christmas tree in early November . They all love Christmas and wanted to prolong it . By early December the tree was brown . Many of them were sad because the tree was dying . They got a new tree in mid-December .
hurricane	PERSON and his family lived on the beach . They were under a tropical depression . As the storm grew stronger , they decided to evacuate . The storm turned into a hurricane . Luckily PERSON 's family left as their house was destroyed .	PERSON lived in LOCATION on the beach . One summer , a hurricane headed toward LOCATION 's coast . PERSON and her family had to evacuate to a safer region . The hurricane made landfall and flooded PERSON 's house . PERSON 's family made repairs and moved back into their house .	PERSON and her family lived in LOCATION . They heard a hurricane was coming . They decided to evacuate to a relative 's house . They arrived and learned from the news that it was a terrible storm . They felt lucky they had evacuated when they did .	The hurricane came into town . The windows in my house were destroyed by the strong winds . My family ran into my tool shed to be safe . After several hours , we came out . My family helped me clean up the broken glass on the floor .	PERSON and his wife lived on the beach . They knew there was a storm brewing in the ocean . They boarded up their windows and kept watch on the weather . They finally decided it was time to seek shelter . They were lucky that the hurricane did not do much damage .	While I was in college , a hurricane hit the city . They cancelled classes due to safety concerns . At some point , the electricity went out in the dorm rooms . However , the emergency hall lights stayed on . My friends and I sat in the hall and played board games .	PERSON lived on the coast of LOCATION where hurricanes occur all the time . Everyone was taking shelter due to an incoming hurricane . When the hurricane finally passed PERSON went outside . There was a lot of damaged homes and properties . I hope all the homeowners have insurance .	A hurricane formed near the coast of LOCATION . It happened very quickly . Many people did not have time to evacuate . Heavy flooding damaged many roads and homes . Fortunately , no one was killed .	PERSON and PERSON went to vacation at the beach . The weather was supposed to be beautiful . When they got there it started raining heavily . They watched the news and heard a hurricane was on the way . The hurricane passed right by them without hitting them .
bank	PERSON was working at the bank . Someone wanted to cash the check . You normally need two forms of ID . Someone only had one form . The manager approved the transaction .	PERSON realized that the bank was going to close in thirty minutes . PERSON quickly brushed his teeth and took a shower . He also ordered a cab very quickly . After running in , he noticed the bank was still open . PERSON was barely able to make his transactions .	PERSON needed to deposit funds at the bank . He approached the teller . When he reached for his wallet , he found he 'd forgotten his card . The teller informed him he could n't deposit without it . He headed back home feeling quite silly .	PERSON had to cash his paycheck . He got in his car and drove to the bank . He told the teller her wanted to deposit his check . PERSON signed his check on the dotted line . The teller deposited the check for PERSON .	PERSON loved money more than anything else . He thought if he worked with money he would be happy . He took a job at a bank . PERSON realized how much money he did n't have . Now PERSON is very sad because he does n't have much money .	PERSON went to the bank . He had to deposit a check . He went there to the teller . He actually left his check at home . He had to go back .	Will goes to rob a bank He has to pay for his family . He ends up getting caught . He gets sent to prison His family is more miserable than ever	PERSON robbed a bank . He thought he did a good job of it . But his face was caught on camera . The cops played the tape on the news . Soon PERSON was caught !	PERSON wanted to open a savings account . He saved up thirty dollars and then went to open the account . They gave him a debit card and helped him sign up . Soon he had his very own account . PERSON could n't wait to start saving !
flat	I had a blow out on the interstate . I managed to get to the side of the road . My spare was flat . I called a tow truck . Soon I had the tire fixed .	PERSON could not sleep at night . He felt that his pillow was too flat . PERSON fluffed up the pillow but that did not work . He reached in the dark for a second pillow . The two pillows were stacked atop each other and PERSON slept soundly .	PERSON was had a flat tire on his way to work . PERSON hopped out and went to work on changing the tire . PERSON then proceeded on his way to work . PERSON walked into the office and noticed people staring at him . PERSON later saw , in the mirror , that his face was streaked with grease !	PERSON had a flat tire . She tried calling for help , but her cell phone was dead ! She could not find a pay phone anywhere . Luckily , a passerby lent her his cell phone to call for help . Soon a tow service came to help repair PERSON 's tire .	PERSON heard a weird bumping sound . She pulled her car over and got out to check . Her front tire was flat ! She called the auto club for help . Soon they came to replace her tire .	The man got a flat . He stopped to change his tire . He had the tire removed . A car did n't see him there working . The car accidentally hit the man .	PERSON was driving home one day . Suddenly she heard a strange bumping noise . She got out and saw that her tire had gone flat . She pulled into a gas station and unscrewed her valve caps . There , PERSON filled her own tire for the first time .	PERSON was driving home from work one day . Suddenly her ride got very bumpy . She pulled over and got out to check . PERSON saw that she had a flat tire ! She had to call the auto club to come and help her .	PERSON got a flat tire one morning . She did not know how to change tires . She had to call for help from the assistance company . The technician showed up in half an hour and fixed her tire . PERSON thanked him and got back in her car .
new book	PERSON was in the library at school . She found a book called The Mouse and the Motorcycle . The title was so odd she had to read it . Later she settled in intending to read for an hour . The book was so good she read 4 hours without realizing it .	PERSON lost his chemistry book . He searched everywhere for it . He told his teacher and got in trouble . PERSON had to buy a new book for his school . PERSON learned his lesson about keeping up with his belongings .	I went to my door yesterday . I saw there was a new book . It came right to me . I was pretty happy about that . I could n't wait to read it .	I love to read . I read before I go to bed every night . I read so much I have read all the good books in our house ! My Mom gave me a new book this morning . I am off to read it !	PERSON really wanted to buy the tenth book of a series she loved . She went to the bookstore as soon as the book was available . She devoured it in one night . But when she was done , she was disappointed with the plot . She ended up selling the whole series to a used bookstore .	PERSON had a birthday coming up . Her boyfriend did n't know what to buy her . He asked a friend who recommended a book . PERSON 's boyfriend got it for her . PERSON was happy with her gift .	PERSON wanted to get another book from the library . But she realized she should finish the book she already had . She sat down to read the book she 'd started . Two pages later she remembered why she had n't finished the book . PERSON disliked the plot and decided to returned the book half read .	PERSON was finishing up the last of her new book . She was excited because this was her first book launch . She gathered her friends together for a large party . She was sure it would be a hit . When it released it ended up being a best seller .	PERSON read that his favorite author wrote a new book . The book was going to be on sale in two days . PERSON set up camp outside the store to be first in line . He waited until the big day . Once the doors opened he ran to the shelves and got a book .
the coach	PERSON coached a youth football team . He had the kids run two laps before every practice . One boy fell when running his laps . The boy skinned his knee badly . PERSON called the boy 's parents .	PERSON was a star football player in high school . Every year , he broke all kinds of records and won lots of awards . PERSON dreamed of playing professional football . PERSON hurt his knee very badly at practice and could n't play anymore . He was asked to become a football coach and he took the job !	At Christian High School the head coach quit his job in 1970 . In the middle of the season the school could not replace him . The assistant coach took his place hoping to obtain victory . Everyone was skeptical because of the man 's color . Against odds and mockery , the man came out on top and won the season .	PERSON volunteered to help with his daughter 's team . He was named head coach ! He did n't know much about soccer , but he promised he would learn . The team did well that year . They won all of their games !	PERSON loves to be active . His favorite sports include baseball and basketball . After he finished school he became a coach . PERSON loved coaching . His first year as basketball coach the team won the championship .	The coach decided to assign team workouts . Everyone had to be at the gym at 6am . When a team member was late , everyone had to run extra . The coach believed this taught responsibility . It only made the team mad .	PERSON was coaching a soccer team . She was teaching them lots of plays . The team played their first game very well . They won by a point . PERSON was so proud of her team !	PERSON decide to volunteer more this year . She decided to coach her daughter 's softball team . She did n't know anything about softball . She figured that it would all work out . After the first practice , PERSON began to wonder what she had done !	PERSON had signed up his son to play tee ball . There were n't enough coaches in the league . The director asked PERSON to help coach the team . PERSON agreed to help coach the team . His son enjoyed having him around .
food	PERSON craved bacon and eggs for breakfast . He checked in his fridge and saw he only had eggs . So PERSON drove to the store . He got bacon from the grocery store . He cooked the eggs and bacon then eat them , he no longer craved them .	PERSON saw some sushi in the fridge . He knew it was his roommates . He ate it anyway . He told him he would replace it . His roommate was fine with it .	PERSON and her friend PERSON were shopping . PERSON only had $ 20 to spend . She saw a shirt she liked for $ 19 . But he would n't have any money left for lunch . PERSON decided she would rather have lunch than pay for a shirt .	PERSON invited a new friend over for dinner . He tried a new spice with the meal . The dish was very spicy . His guest commented on how the food was too spicy . PERSON learned to never try a new recipe when cooking for others .	PERSON worked for a nice company . He enjoyed his lunch break because the area nearby was lively . PERSON found a unique restaurant to eat lunch at . PERSON ate there every day . PERSON loved that restaurant and seeked it out after changing jobs .	Harry was starving . He really wanted food . He went to a near restaurant . He ordered his favorite chili . He left really happy .	PERSON family was always running out of food . She sometimes tried to save an apple or sandwich for later . She would hide her snacks underneath her bed . One day when she reached underneath the bed a mouse ran out . She no longer hides snacks underneath her bed .	PERSON bought some chicken . The chicken tasted old . PERSON returned the chicken . She put the money away . She resolved to miss a meal .	I was in a hotel once . It was a convention . They had food on carts all day long . They changed the variety every few hours . It was nice not having to cook .
new friends	PERSON had just started at a new school . She did n't know any kids in her class . For lunch a group of girls asked if she wanted to sit with them . PERSON sat with the girls . She and the girls became friends .	Joy finally got the kitten she wanted so badly . She just hoped the family 's big dog would n't hurt her . PERSON kept the kitten in her room so they could introduce them slowly . On the fifth morning , PERSON woke to find her door open . She found the kitten and her dog sound asleep snuggling together .	John and PERSON were long distance friends . Even though they lived far away from each other , they always talked . One day , PERSON decided to visit PERSON and bought a plane ticket . When he saw PERSON she was uneasy about his visit . They went out for tea and started to build a friendship in real life .	PERSON was a lonely girl . She always played by herself in her room . She heard other kids outside playing but did n't know any of them . One day PERSON decided to introduce herself to the other kids . PERSON made lots of new friends and was never lonely again .	PERSON was scared to start at a new school . She wanted to impress people , so she bought a new pair of shoes . The next day , she wore her new shoes to school . A group of girls complimented her on her shoes . They all became great friends and PERSON had a great year .	All of PERSON 's friends said he should lose some weight . But PERSON liked his life exactly the way it was . He did n't like exercising or eating healthy . So he chose to find new friends like him . Now he 's a lot happier with people who do n't tell him what to do .	PERSON moved to a new neighborhood . She had to go to a new school . She was afraid she would n't make friends . Luckily she did . She kept them for a long time .	PERSON had trouble making new friends . All the kids would tease him because he was so tall . One day a couple boys were playing catch . Their ball got stuck in a tree . PERSON helped them get it down and they asked him to join .	Often deer came into the PERSON ' yard in the fall . One evening near dusk , Mister PERSON let the dog out for a few minutes . When he opened the door to get the dog back in , he was surprised . A few yards from the house , the dog was playing with another animal . It was a small deer that seemed to think it was a dog , too .
PERSON 's new job	PERSON started working a new job . His boss informed him of his responsibilities . PERSON thought his boss was dumb . He neglected to do his job . PERSON lost his job .	PERSON was having trouble making ends meet . His job did not give him enough hours and he was behind on rent . He decided to start working on Mturk for extra money . PERSON worked long hours the days he did not have to go to work . He made enough money to pay his rent on time !	PERSON got a job as a cashier . His first day was rough . His drawer was 30 dollars short . PERSON tried really hard that week . After a month he was the best cashier at his job .	PERSON got a new job at car wash . At first , his coworkers were rude to him . He stayed friendly and kept working hard . Eventually , his coworkers accepted him as part of the team . Now PERSON is happy with his job and the team he works with .	PERSON started a new job just this Monday . He 's very frustrated with the lack of communication from his boss . He is trying to take initiative to improve his performance but ca n't . His boss takes an early lunch and does n't return until 4pm . PERSON prepares to report her to HR .	PERSON had recently gotten a new job . She was nervous about her first day of work . On the first day of work , PERSON overslept . PERSON arrived at work an hour late . PERSON did not make a good impression at her new job .	PERSON got a new job at an animal kennel . He got to walk and feed dogs twice a day . He found it to be dirty work . It was also super rewarding too . The dogs greeted PERSON with such joy each time they saw him .	It was PERSON 's first day at a new job . He was very nervous about starting . His best friend told him to relax , as everything would be fine . PERSON decided to follow his advice . He was pleasantly surprised to find that everyone was friendly .	PERSON needed a new job . She felt like she was good with people . She decided to look for a job in sales . PERSON got an interview for a sales job right away . PERSON now works in medical sales .
running	Jeff hates to run for exercise . He decided to run around the lake near his house . PERSON loved the view but could n't run around the entire lake . He returned home only after 10 minutes . PERSON promised himself that he will someday run around the entire lake .	I recently started running . I prefer to run on the treadmill because it is cool inside . After a while , treadmill running is boring . So , I started watching movies on my tablet while I run . Now my running time flies by !	PERSON was an avid runner . He would run very fast . He would encounter dogs occasionally . He prided himself on being able to outrun a dog . PERSON was tired at the end of a run and got bit by a dog .	PERSON was always an avid runner . She was a track star in high school and ran multiple marathons . One day , PERSON woke up with a searing pain in her knee . She went to the doctor who told her she needed knee surgery . PERSON rehabbed hard , only a few months later she was running again .	PERSON was running down the street . His friends were chasing him . Peter found a good spot to hide . He waited to see if they would see him . PERSON 's friends ran right past him !	PERSON wanted to become healthier . He also did not want an expensive gym membership . He decided to take up running . He ran every other day . He became much healthier .	PERSON went running outside every morning at 5 am . One morning in the winter it was very dark . He was not wearing his caution reflectors . A car came very close and shot a rock at his leg . It scared PERSON , now he only runs in the daytime .	PERSON really liked PERSON who was on the track team . Unfortunately PERSON lost his breath every time he ran . He was worried he could n't keep up and would n't get to talk to her . One morning he went to the doctor and found out he had asthma . Now he has an inhaler and he can run with PERSON !	PERSON was a dedicated athlete . She ran every single day no matter what . It snowed heavily , but she still went running on the track . Unfortunately , due to the conditions she slipped and twisted her ankle Now she 's much more careful about when she runs .
party	PERSON and jasmine are at a party . PERSON tries hitting on jasmine . Jasmine was not having it though . She poured her drink on PERSON . PERSON was dismayed .	PERSON wanted to go to a party on Saturday night . But her parents made her stay home to babysit her little sister PERSON ! Frustrated , PERSON decided to make the best of it . The girls set up blankets in the den and had their own slumber party . PERSON had a great time at her private party with PERSON !	My roomate wanted me to drive him to the student center . It was half a mile away . He did not want to get his new shoes dirty . He walked to the party . He still had a good time .	I had a few too many drinks at the party . I became less inhibited over time . I eventually found myself dancing on a table with my friends . I began to sing loudly and off key . My husband convinced me to go home and sleep it off .	PERSON really wanted to throw a party . She went to the store and bought streamers and lights . She spent so much money because she really wanted this to be good . She set everything up and sent the invites . Eventually PERSON 's party was a hit !	PERSON was invited to a house party . She had never been to a party before . When she arrived , she was shy at first . But gradually she began to relax and unwind . Soon , PERSON was having a great time at the party !	PERSON wanted to throw the biggest party . He wanted to be like his hero , gatsby . He invited all of his friends and told them to invite others . The day comes and no one shows up . PERSON was very unhappy .	PERSON went home after school . She was disappointed and glum . After all , her parents had forgotten her birthday ! But when she walked in , she got shocked . Her family all jumped out and yelled Surprise !	PERSON wanted to have a party . She invited all her friends . Some of her friends replied they could not make it . Many of her friends did show up that night . They all had a great time at PERSON 's party .
soda	I went to buy a soda today . They had so many different types . I bought my soda . My soda was cold . I drank my soda .	PERSON 's mom stopped the car at a gas station . PERSON purchased a soda . But she could n't drink it in the car . She decided to sneak and drink the soda . She opened it quietly so that her mom would never know .	I went to buy a soda from the soda machine . However , I did n't have enough money . As I walked away , I found another quarter on the floor . I picked it up and used it to buy my soda . What luck !	PERSON was trying to cut down on her sugar . She decided on an easy way to do it . She would just replace her soda with water ! It turned out to be a lot harder than she had expected . But eventually PERSON succeeded with her plan !	I really hated drinking soda . The bubbles were so annoying to drink . When I bought a can of soda , I decided to shake it up . This made the bubbles eventually disappear . Now I could enjoy my soda .	I drank a soda too late . It kept me up for several hours . I thought about drinking another . I pulled it out from the fridge . I decided to put it back .	Drew chugged an entire two liter of soda . It was n't long before he felt sick to his stomach . He ran to find the nearest bushes . He bent over , so nobody could see what came next . Drew threw up every ounce he had chugged .	PERSON had a decaying tooth . He went to the dentist to have it extracted . The dentist told him not to drink any soda . PERSON only drank soda though , rarely water . After a couple days he was worried why his pee was n't yellow .	Today I wanted to buy a soda . I walked to the store with my wallet . I found the soda I wanted . Then , I paid for it at the counter . It was tasty .
casino	PERSON wanted to go to the casino on the weekend . She learned blackjack strategies in preparation . She spent two hours on the same table . She managed to make quadruple her initial earnings . But she was banned from that casino .	I wanted to build a casino . I partnered with an Indian reservation . They let me build on their land . After a few years , the casino was finished . It became very profitable !	PERSON went to LOCATION LOCATION for vacation . He decided to play blackjack . He was having a very lucky streak ! He put all of his money on one hand . He lost everything .	PERSON and her friends were visiting LOCATION LOCATION . They decided to go to a casino . PERSON played various games for two hours . And she was down $ 100 . PERSON decided to quit while she was ahead .	My wife always was a bad gambler . She would sit at a slot machine and quickly lose money . We finally taught her blackjack . She was a natural and started winning . She went from a failure to a success like that .	Frank wanted to go to the casino on the weekend . He wanted to actually make money this run . He decided to learn as much as he could about blackjack . He felt confident all throughout his time at the blackjack table . PERSON left tripling his earnings !	My daughter 's high school friend is getting married in September . Yesterday her girlfriends took her to a casino . They went from LOCATION to LOCATION in LOCATION . They gambled and drank all night . My daughter is pregnant and could not go but wished them well .	PERSON decided to go to the casino on Saturday . He wanted to mostly play slots . He spent about four hours on slot machines . After losing , he decided to pull more money from his bank account . Overall , he lost one hundred dollars on his casino night .	PERSON sat down at the poker table . He could tell he sat down in a lucky chair . The cards were passed out by the dealer . Despite PERSON ' confidence , he lost money that night . He knew next time he 'd win it big .
work	PERSON was unemployed . PERSON asked his friend for advice . His friend suggested he try Upwork . PERSON applied to many jobs on Upwork . PERSON was hired and thankful to Work and his friend .	PERSON had a lot of work to do . And it made her really stressed out . So she decided to go to a party . And she had lots of fun . But when she returned home , she wished she just did her work .	PERSON went to work in the morning . His job was to make up stories for money . He loved his job but was having trouble making new stories . He thought hard and was finally able to come up with a good story . His employer gave him a bonus for the awesome story .	PERSON did not want to work , she was tired and bored of work . She knew that she had to go to work though so she rushed to get ready . When PERSON arrived at work she discovered the building was closed . There had been a problem with the water main . She went home and enjoyed the day in her pajamas .	PERSON broke PERSON 's smartphone . PERSON was very ashamed , so he promised to pay her back . PERSON told him that it cost 300 dollars . PERSON could n't afford this , so he offered to work it off . PERSON had him shovel manure for two weeks .	This morning I woke up to go to work . I got ready and left on my way . When I got there I thought I was going to have a good day . A lot of bad stuff happened . It turned out to be a really bad day .	I moved into a new apartment and it did n't have internet service . It was difficult not being able to get any work done . I called cable company and signed up for internet service . Two days later I was back to work . Now I 'm much happier .	My company had a `` forty hour per week '' work policy . I was working fifty hours per week . I made a lot of good overtime ! My company did n't like that very much . Now I have Mondays off .	PERSON had been asked to work late every day for a week . He had agreed even though he hated it . On payday , he opened his check . He gasped when he saw the dollar amount . Now he was so glad he 'd put in all that overtime !
marriage	I wanted to get married but the law said I could n't . I pay taxes and obey the laws of the land . I protested and stopped paying taxes . The law now allows me to get married . I changed my mind about marriage .	PERSON proposed to his girlfriend , PERSON . PERSON was very excited to marry PERSON . She began planning the wedding almost immediately . PERSON and PERSON were both nervous and happy for their big day . Now , they are happily married .	PERSON wanted to get married . PERSON was gay . PERSON was unable to get married . PERSON was upset . PERSON became depressed .	It was the day of PERSON 's wedding . She was terrified , but excited . She waited in the dressing room until the wedding planner called her . She walked down the aisle with her father . When it was time , she said her I do .	PERSON finds out that he will lose his inheritance if he is not married . He only has 24 hours . So he quickly marries his best friend . When he gets the money they get divorced . PERSON is so grateful he gives his friend a reward	PERSON was out shopping for rings . He was going to propose to his girlfriend . Then he realized engagement rings were a scam . He gave his girlfriend a rubber band and wrapped it around her finger . She said she wanted that diamond now or it ai n't happening .	I loved a man whose religious beliefs were different from mine . I told my mother that I wanted to marry him . My mother was very angry and we had a huge fight . I went ahead and married him anyway . My mother and I no longer speak to each other .	PERSON got married in LOCATION LOCATION . But his family was from LOCATION . They all carpooled to get there . It was a very long drive . But they made it there for his happy day !	PERSON was married to PERSON . One day , PERSON met PERSON . She decided she did n't want to be married to PERSON anymore . They divorced . Now PERSON is in a relationship with PERSON .
grapes	PERSON needed a fruit to eat . He wanted a fruit that tasted good . He looked in the kitchen for the fruit . He almost gave up . Finally , he found some fresh grapes to eat .	PERSON was in the mood for a fruity , tasty treat . It was hot out , so she popped some grapes in the freezer . When they froze , she snacked on them one by one . She even added a few to her soda to keep it cold ! PERSON loved her frozen grape treats .	The man picked grapes . He put them into a bucket . He read about how to make wine . He followed the instructions . He made a bucket of grape wine .	PERSON wanted to grow fruit for her family . She tried to plant berry bushes , but long vines strangled them ! She tried growing an apple tree , but the vibes covered that too . Then , in the fall , the vibes began to droop with round orbs . PERSON had grown hundreds of grapes for her family !	PERSON really likes grapes . He decided to buy a vineyard . Finally , his crop grew . PERSON ate all the grapes . There was nothing left to make wine .	PERSON wanted to start making his own wine . However , he needed to find the right grapes . PERSON scheduled interviews with several farmers . PERSON made a decision on a grape farmer for his wine . PERSON was excited to get the wine making process started .	I used to love grapes . I ate them everyday . One day I ate a bad grape and got food poisoning . I could n't eat for three days straight . Now , I do not like grapes anymore .	The boy was eating grapes . One was shriveled . He thought it tasted like a raisin . He got down a box of raisins . He found out he was correct .	PERSON loved to eat all sorts of fruits . His very favorite was grapes and grape flavored drinks . One day he ran out of all of his grapes . He freaked out and thought that it was the end of the world . His mother called him in and told him she had bought more .
coach	PERSON had the best coach in the world . He helped her get better in cross country . He gave her extra tips so she would succeed . Her second year of running she made it to the State meet . The next year she ran at Nationals .	PERSON wanted to get in shape He decided to pay for a coach . He works out with the coach for a month . He ended up losing 20 pounds . He was happy with it	The college team lost their season . The coach got fired . The organization looked for another . They found another coach . They had a great season .	PERSON was the coach of a high school football team . He became ill and had to take a couple months off . His assistant coach took over . The team was undefeated when PERSON was ready to come back . PERSON stepped aside and let his assistant coach the rest of the year	The coach blew the whistle . The team did not stop . He yelled at the kids . The kids would not stop . He quit his job as coach .	I had a really good coach . He was my football coach . He listened to what the players wanted . We all loved our coach . We then won every game that year !	PERSON played basketball as a child . She then also played in college . After college , she was an assistant coach for the college . PERSON applied for the varsity job at her old high school . She got the job and was very happy .	The new coach was very young . She talked a lot in his class . He made her move her desk next to his . He wanted to keep a closer eye on her . She still stayed in trouble all the time .	PERSON wanted to be very good at basketball . She asked her coach how to be better at basketball . He told her that she should practice every day . PERSON took his advice and practiced . PERSON noticed that she had improved at basketball .
contacts	The man put in green contacts . He went to a dinner party . Everybody noticed his eyes looked different . He liked the attention . He started wearing different colored contacts every day .	Cad had worn contacts all through high school . Then he got an eye injury and could n't wear his lenses the next day ! He had to wear his glasses , and he feared being mocked . But to his surprise , none of his classmates laughed at all . In fact , many girls told him how cute he looked in his glasses !	A man went in for an eye exam . The doctor determined he needed glasses . He had to decide whether he wanted contacts or glasses . The man decided to get contacts because they are easier to remember . He put them on and loved his new vision .	Art was sick of wearing glasses . He wanted to get contacts , but he was worried . He thought they would be very difficult to put in . His doctor gave him a sample pair to practice with . To his joy , Art found that they were actually pretty easy to insert !	PERSON went to get a new glasses prescription . The eye doctor took his eye exam . He said that strangely , PERSON no longer needed glasses . PERSON took off his glasses and everything became crystal clear . PERSON then remembered he was wearing contacts .	PERSON wanted to wear contacts instead of glasses . He asked his mom if he could try wearing them . She agreed to get him a trial pair . At first it was hard to insert them , but PERSON persevered . Soon he could insert them and wear them comfortably all day !	PERSON decided to get contact lenses for driving . However , everyone treated her differently without glasses . This made her feel strange . Keep the contacts , or go back to glasses and be true to oneself ? PERSON tossed the contacts , and got her old self back .	PERSON was concerned about her appearance . She did not like her brown eyes . She visited an eye doctor . She asked for colored contacts . She received the colored contacts and really enjoyed wearing them .	PERSON wears contacts . As she was taking them out , she tore one . She had to throw it away . She called her doctor 's office . They gave her a new pair .
apartment	PERSON was looking for an apartment . He wanted to be closer to his job . Finally he found something on craigslist . He went there to the house . Someone already took the offer .	PERSON was late on his lease . He did not have enough money to pay it . PERSON asked his friend PERSON to lend him some money . PERSON agreed when PERSON promised to pay him back by next week . PERSON rushed to the leasing office before it closed .	The new apartment smelled terrible . They moved in only because they were desperate . They could n't find the source of the smell . They even called in an exterminator . They found a dead rat under the kitchen sink that was causing it .	PERSON had 2 weeks to get an apartment or else she would be homeless . All the arrangements were in order , except she had to get approved . The apartment complex denied her application for a bad rental history . She had to deal with being homeless , until her family gave her a place Through this , she realized how important family values are .	PERSON was in need of an apartment . She was new in town and was n't sure which neighborhoods were bad . A friend had a great idea . There was a website where you pay a professional to find your place . PERSON hugged her friend and went to call the service .	PERSON and PERSON were friends all through high school . After graduating , they decided were attending the same local college . They got an apartment together , but everyone warned them against it ! People said they would fight constantly and they would be unhappy . But PERSON and PERSON did n't experience that - they loved living together !	PERSON and jordan have an apartment together . They started hating each other . They stopped talking to each other . They decided to move out . Now they live separately .	PERSON was moving to a new town . She needed to find an apartment . She had been looking for weeks . She finally found one with a vacancy . She was excited to move to her new place .	PERSON was looking to move out of his parents house . He searched in the newspaper and online . He could not find an apartment anywhere . One day he passed a sign that said an apartment was for rent . He called the number and was able to move in the same day !
pasta	PERSON makes the best pasta ever . His family always asks him to make it for family gatherings . He makes the noodles from scratch himself . There are never any leftovers when he makes it . He is happy to be able to contribute to the family .	PERSON loved pasta . He ate it all the time . He eventually tried to make his own . He practiced making it a lot . Now PERSON is an expert pasta maker .	PERSON loved pasta . PERSON went to the LOCATION LOCATION to eat . PERSON especially loved the unlimited breadsticks . PERSON did not stop eating when he was full . PERSON stopped eating when he hated himself .	PERSON sighed lightly . It was another ordinary day at the office . PERSON was making bird sounds . That 's when PERSON snapped . She called out everyone on their ironic nerdiness .	She wanted to showcase her cooking skills . So she decided to cook pasta . She bought all the right ingredients . She cooked everything just right . Somehow the pasta tasted awful !	PERSON liked red sauce on here pasta . But she did n't have any to use . She ran to the store . The local McDonald 's drew her attention . She ended up getting a burger .	PERSON was making pasta . He ran out of sauce . He had to make it tasty . He mixed the pasta with 5 types of spices . His friends said it was the best pasta ever .	PERSON always wanted to cook like her mom . She bought countless cookbooks . She would go to cooking classes . She finally got the nerve to have her parents for dinner . At the end , her mom said it was the best sauce ever !	PERSON claimed his mom makes the best pasta . PERSON went over PERSON 's house . His mom cooked pasta . She did n't actually make the pasta . She just bought it from the store !
car trouble	PERSON was driving when she heard a weird noise . The engine was knocking . She was scared and took the car to a mechanic . The mechanic found the problem and gave her a quote . PERSON agreed and got it fixed .	PERSON was on his way home All of a sudden , his car broke down . PERSON did not know how to fix it . A mechanic saw terry and decided to fix his car . Terry ended up driving home happily .	My car was running rough the other day . I looked it over but could n't figure out the problem . I ended up taking it to the local mechanic . He was able to identify the problem quickly . All I needed was a new spark plug wire .	PERSON went out in the morning to start the car before work . The made a clicking sound and would n't start . PERSON 's husband jumped the car for her . PERSON drove to work without a problem . After work , PERSON needed a jump to start the car again .	PERSON was driving from LOCATION to LOCATION when his car broke down . It seemed like the middle of nowhere so he began to walk . He came across a gas station ten miles away and got a ride back . When he returned , his car could n't be found . Got to LOCATION , but had to take a plane .	My friend PERSON bought a new car last month . On Friday night his warning light panel went on . It showed an oil icon and the words fifteen percent . He did not drive all weekend , and called the dealer on Monday . They told him to change his oil .	PERSON was nervous . She saw smoke coming from under her car hood . She pulled over and called AAA . They towed it to the dealership . They told her it would cost $ 5000 to fix !	PERSON was driving down the street when his check engine light came on . He noticed a strange smell , too . PERSON knew something was wrong , so he took the car to his mechanic . His mechanic checked the car and said it needed a new converter . PERSON had to pay four hundred dollars , but his car is now fixed .	Jan 's car would n't start , so she called a tow truck . The mechanic told her the engine needed to be rebuilt . She contacted a friend that knew a little bit about cars . The friend told her the mechanic was ripping her off . The friend offered to fix it for nothing .
swimming lessons	PERSON never learned to swim . His parents could n't afford lessons when he was a kid . He decided to take lessons as an adult . He learned rather quickly . Soon enough PERSON was out swimming everywhere he could .	Today is PERSON 's first swimming lesson . He arrived at the pool with his parents at 2 . He got in the pool as they watched from the bleachers . The teacher had him swim laps first . After that , he taught him to dive .	PERSON went to her first swimming lesson . She was very scared because she had never swam before . The teacher helped her into the water . The water was so cool and refreshing . PERSON had so much fun and could n't wait until her next lesson !	Carol wanted very much to learn how to swim . She signed up for swimming lessons and practiced often . At first , she sputtered and struggled to stay afloat . But she learned quickly , and soon challenged her pal to a race . She was so skilled , she won the contest without even trying !	The water was cold . I did not feel like swimming . My dad told me I needed to learn . He threw me in the pool . I decided swimming was fun after all .	PERSON loved the beach . She was just afraid of the water . She decided to take swimming lessons . They were all at a pool but they helped . PERSON had more confidence to go into the ocean .	PERSON went to her first swimming lesson . She got to the pool and met her instructor . PERSON then put on a life jacket since she did not know how to swim . Her instructor worked on PERSON using her arms and legs to swim . PERSON finished her lesson and could n't wait for the next one .	PERSON wanted a pool . But he did n't know how to swim . So he decided to practice swimming at his friend 's house . But he swam there so often that he did n't need his own pool . PERSON was glad that he learned how to swim though .	PERSON wanted his young son to learn how to swim . But the swimming lessons were n't working . The little boy was just too fearful . PERSON decided to take off work and teach the boy himself . With his dad there , the boy felt safe and was soon swimming .
cheating	PERSON was in high school . He always made perfect grades . One day he forgot about a quiz . He decided to cheat and got caught . PERSON 's parents were called and he was punished .	PERSON was dribbling the basketball to the hoop . Two men approached her immediately . She carried the ball for a few steps to move away from the boys . The referee did n't notice and remained quiet . She made a layup to tie the game .	PERSON did n't like his girlfriend . He had a crush on her friend . PERSON decided to cheat and hook up with the friend . The friend eventually told PERSON 's girlfriend . She forgave him for it .	PERSON had to write a paper for her English class . PERSON hated writing papers . She paid her friend to write the paper . PERSON turned in the paper she wrote . PERSON and her friend were both reprimanded for cheating .	I was eating with a male friend at a reasonably nice restaurant . There was a man and a woman on the other side of the table . All of a sudden , a woman came right through them . She hits the man 's head with her bag . After that , she walks away with tears in her eyes .	PERSON was dating PERSON . He had previously been trying to date PERSON . PERSON was living in another town but moved closer . PERSON began to cheat with PERSON . PERSON broke up with PERSON for PERSON and married her .	PERSON never cheated in school . One day , he forgot to study for a test . He cheated to ensure he would pass . The teacher found out and called his parents . PERSON was punished and he learned to never cheat again .	I was cheated on by my first boyfriend . We were together for two years . One day , his father told me he was cheating on me . I broke up with him the next day , and never went back . I 'm so glad I had the courage to leave .	PERSON was in high school . He was on the verge of failing chemistry . He decided to make a cheat sheet for his next test . PERSON kept it hidden well . His teacher never knew .
the audition	PERSON wanted to go to college and study music . She worked hard to prepare an audition piece to sing . At her audition , she sang for the professors and took a music test . The professors were impressed by her audition . The offered her a music scholarship to the college .	PERSON practiced for months for the audition to a play . She entered the audition with confidence that she would get the role . It would be two days till they announced who got the roles . She waited nervously those two days . PERSON did not get the role .	PERSON was scheduled to audition for Beauty and the Beast . She prepared for days leading up to the audition , even in the car ! As her name was called she became very nervous . Because of her preparation , her song audition was beautiful . Although she did n't get the part she was , she was honored to be cast .	PERSON was very nervous . The day of the audition had arrived . She had been dancing all her life and was ready for the challenge . They called her name and she began to dance . The judges were blown away .	PERSON enjoyed playing the guitar . He saw an ad for band auditions . At the audition , the band 's leader asked him to play a song . The band leader liked PERSON 's performance . PERSON is now the band 's guitar player .	PERSON wanted to play the role of PERSON in her school play . She went over the script for weeks in preparation . At the audition she was perfect . PERSON stood nervously with the others waiting to hear who made the cut . When her name was read as PERSON PERSON let out a shout of joy .	PERSON is a music major at a university . PERSON knows she has an audition tomorrow . PERSON 's friend 's invited her to a party . PERSON attends the party instead of practicing for her audition . PERSON performs very poorly at her audition .	PERSON saw that a local theatre company was doing her favorite play . She found a monologue that was similar to her favorite character . She rehearsed by herself and with her acting teacher . Her audition went considerably well . The director called her and told her she got the part .	PERSON auditioned for a role in a car commercial . She practiced her one line night and day . At the audition she wowed the director with her acting prowess . So wowed that he offered her a role in his next commercial too . She nailed the next commercial as well and now she is famous .
pancakes	PERSON wanted to eat pancakes for breakfast . But instead her mom made waffles . PERSON complained and said she did n't want them . So her mom happily ate PERSON 's waffles . PERSON 's mom made pancakes the next day .	The man made pancakes . He poured syrup on the pancakes . He took a bite . He accidentally had used raspberry syrup . He gave the rest of the pancakes to his sister .	PERSON was cooking pancakes for breakfast . But after she finished , her sister said they were too unhealthy . PERSON felt annoyed and yelled at her sister . And every morning , she decided to eat pancakes to spite her . She never gained weight from all the pancakes either .	PERSON was too stressed to pay attention any more . He decided he needed pancakes . He got all the ingredients together and made some from scratch . PERSON decided they were so delicious he needed more . He made a second batch and ate those as well .	PERSON was cooking pancakes for his kids . He was n't a good cook and burned the pancakes . PERSON told his kids to get in the car . He brought his kids to a restaurant . The kids were excited to eat out .	PERSON woke early one Sunday . She decided to make her mom breakfast . She fried up some tasty pancakes and served her mom breakfast in bed ! Even though her mom knew there was a mess in the kitchen , she smiled . She appreciated PERSON 's thoughtful effort .	PERSON had decided to surprise her mom and dad . She was going to make them pancakes . PERSON mixed all the ingredients together . She was quite good at cooking for her age . Her parents were impressed and enjoyed the pancakes .	PERSON 's was home with his dad . His mother who normally made breakfast was out of town . His dad made them pancakes for breakfast . The pancakes were burned and tasted terrible . They decided to eat cereal instead .	PERSON had never been a very proficient cook . But when she had children , she decided she had to learn . She eventually was able to make them pancakes each Sunday . PERSON woke up early each week , and prepared the pancakes with pride . No one had the heart to tell her they were absolutely horrible .
chips	PERSON was on the way to his sister 's party . When she called and told him to get more chips from the store . PERSON went to the store to look for chips . He found a good deal for chips and bought them . PERSON drove to his sister 's house with the chips .	PERSON wanted her grandma to buy some snacks . Her grandma was not fond of junk food . PERSON had been with her grandparents for 3 months . She had n't any chips in that entire time . She begged and begged , but her grandma refused to buy potato chips .	PERSON loved snack food . Chips were his favorite . He ate them every day for lunch . He finished off a large bag in just a couple of days . PERSON 's wife told him to eat healthier snack from now on .	PERSON bought some chips at the grocery store . She ate a few on her way home and noticed they were gross . Turns out they expired three weeks ago . PERSON turned around and went back to the store to return them . The manager gave PERSON two new bags of chips as an apology .	PERSON bought a bag of potato chips from the store . It was a huge bag meant for a family . But PERSON ripped open the bag and dove in . He did n't live that far from the store . Even still , he was finished by time he got home !	I asked CJ for some chips and salsa . He said they were all gone . I was really sad and hungry . He went to the store and bought some new chips and salsa . I was happy again .	PERSON needed chips for her football party . But both grocery stores were sold out of tortillas ! She wondered what to do . Then she decided to cut up tortilla shells and fry her own ! Her homemade chips received many compliments at her party .	PERSON had a bag of chips . He kept it to himself . PERSON wanted some . PERSON thought about it . PERSON decided to share so that everyone was happy .	PERSON was hungry . PERSON loved eating chips . PERSON drove to the store . PERSON bought chips . PERSON came home , and ate the chips to end his hunger .
new neighbors	PERSON noticed a moving truck across the street . There were new neighbors moving in . PERSON went over to introduce himself . They seemed nice and friendly . PERSON became good friends with them after a while .	New neighbors moved in across the street . They seem friendly . They went over to say hello to everyone else in the neighborhood . So far they are well liked . The move has gone smoothly .	Arriving at the party , PERSON was nervous to meet his new neighbors . Inside , he was greeted by waiter who handed him a glass of wine . Thanking him , PERSON was surprised to realize he was actually a robot ! Walking further into the house , PERSON saw his hosts on the back patio . PERSON was shocked when he saw they were robots too !	New neighbors moved in across the street . At first they seemed alright . After a while they kept being loud at night . I finally decided to talk to them about it . They apologized and we moved on .	New neighbors moved into PERSON 's apartment building . They were right across the hall from him . PERSON decided to go over and introduce himself . They seemed friendly and talked for a while . PERSON made plans with them to hang out and became friends .	When PERSON moved to his new town , he went to meet his neighbors . He stopped at all the houses , greeting them . Everyone was welcoming and friendly . One lady invited him in for a snack . PERSON loved his new town !	PERSON noticed new neighbors moving in . He figured he would greet them . Before he could they knocked on his door . They offered pie and introduced themselves . PERSON got along well with them .	A new family moved in next door . They were very secretive and reserved . They had children that did not go to school or play outside . The cops showed up at their house yesterday . The Father abducted his children away from his mother .	PERSON looked outside her window . She has new neighbor 's . She immediately ran outside to greet them . They greeted her with open arms . PERSON was so happy to see them .
the phone	PERSON dropped her brand new phone and cracked the screen . She begged her parents for a new one and eventually they got her one . As she was walking away from the phone store she dropped it ! The screen cracked and she cried and cried ! Luckily the manager felt bad and replaced it free of charge !	PERSON got a new phone for her birthday . She loved to play games on it . It was shiny and pretty . Karen dropped her phone and broke the screen . She was very sad .	PERSON was just dozing off . Then the phone rang and woke up her . It was a telemarketer ! She yelled at them not to call back . She was so annoyed !	PERSON had a cell phone that she used quite often . She was in the bathroom when she got a call . PERSON answered the phone and talked with her boss for a while . When the phone call was over she tried to put the phone in her purse . PERSON missed her purse and the phone fell right into the toilet .	I went to the grocery store this morning . I used my cell phone to check the coupons in my account . When I got home , I could n't find my cell phone . I called the store and someone had turned it in . I had to go back to the store , but was very glad to have my phone !	PERSON could not find his cell phone . He had a friend call his phone in an attempt of finding it . They never heard the phone ring . It had been accidentally turned off . However , PERSON found the phone in his pocket .	PERSON always wanted a new iPhone 6s but he could never afford it . He decided he 'd get a job and work towards saving for one . As the months went by , he slowly and steadily got closer to his goal . After 5 months he finally had enough saved up and went to the store . As he was handed his brand new phone , he was enthralled .	PERSON wanted to call her friend PERSON . But her brother was on the phone . He only stared at her when she tried to find out when he would finish . She sat patiently and waited for him to finish . As soon as he did she grabbed the phone and began to dial .	Jasmine 's mom thought she had matured a lot . She gave her a cell phone . Her mom said it was just for emergencies . A month later , Jasmine 's mom got a huge cellphone bill . Jasmine had abused the privilege .
tree	We had a tree in front of our condo building . It was low , and kids climbed onto it . One day a kid fell off it and was shaken up . The property manager trimmed off the low branches . The children stopped playing by the tree .	We had a low hanging tree in front of our condo . The children climbed onto it often . One day a 4 year old fell from the tree . She was not hurt , but we heard a big thud . Her mother did not let her climb the tree anymore .	PERSON had always wanted a tree . But since he lived in an apartment , he did n't have space . After working hard , he purchased a big house . Finally , PERSON was able to get a very big house . He was very satisfied with his life now .	It was February and the Christmas tree was still up . PERSON had a daughter . She died on Christmas day . PERSON was depressed . On Valentine 's Day she slit her wrists .	PERSON 's cat was stuck up in the giant oak tree . She was too embarrassed to call the fire department . A neighbor suggested she make some cooing sounds to bring it down . PERSON made the best soothing sounds she could . A hawk heard them and flew by , snatching the cat from the tree .	The boy climbed the tree . He could see his house from the tree . He saw his dad on the porch . His dad was smoking . His dad was not supposed to smoke .	The man cut down the tree . The neighbor complained . The man planted a new tree . The neighbor watched that tree grow . Ten years later the tree was full size .	I was climbing a tree . My dad came out with a hose . I got down from the tree . He sprayed the top of the tree . He then watered the tree .	PERSON climbed a tree . He could see into his neighbor 's yard . He began to spy on them every day . He found out his neighbor was dealing drugs . He called the police .
karaoke	PERSON entered a local singing contest , but she lost . Her friends took her out for a few drinks to commiserate . After a couple martinis , PERSON felt better - much better . She decided to get up and sing karaoke for the bar patrons . To her joy , her audience clapped and cheered for her loudly !	PERSON went to a karaoke party . She had vowed not to sing anything . But then she heard the other attendees singing . None were great , but nobody mocked anyone else ! Finally PERSON found the courage to sing her own song !	PERSON hated karaoke . Her crush invited her to go this friday . It was a company tradition . She said yes . As soon as she got there she turned around and went home .	PERSON went to a karaoke night at a pub . She was nervous about singing in front of strangers . PERSON 's friends encouraged her to go for it . She selected a song and joined the queue . When she sang , the mic cut out and no one heard her .	PERSON went to the bar for karaoke night . This was his first time doing it . He sang an PERSON song . Everyone cheered . He apparently did very well .	PERSON loved to sing but hated performing in public . Her friends planned a night out at a local karaoke bar . PERSON was nervous that she would n't be able to sing for an audience . She faced her fear by belting out her favorite song . PERSON felt proud that she could perform after all .	PERSON and PERSON were happily married . They desired to go out on a Friday night . PERSON suggested Karaoke . PERSON agreed with PERSON ' suggestion . They went to karaoke bar and had a great time .	My friends invited me to karaoke . I could n't sing so I declined . However , they insisted . I decided to go with them . I enjoyed the karaoke !	PERSON had terrible anxiety . Her friends made her go to a karaoke bar . So she chugged six shots to ease her nerves . She got up there and sang dancing queen . She never felt more alive and her anxiety was gone .
lottery	I found an old lottery ticket in my car . It was a 500 dollar winner . I was worried it was too old to pay out . I took it to the lottery office and it was still good . They gave me a 500 dollar check .	Kia bought a lottery ticket . She did not really expect to win . But when the numbers were called , she watched . And shockingly , all the numbers matched hers ! Kia had just won $ 22,000 !	PERSON and his friend spent a lot of time together . This included buying lotto tickets often . They had fun going to the store to buy tickets . They mostly enjoyed the drive as well . PERSON eventually won one thousand dollars in the lottery .	I saw a homeless man . I decided to buy him a lottery ticket . The following week , I was watching television . The news channel announced that a homeless man won the lottery . I felt jealous that he actually won from the ticket I bought	Icy noticed that the state lottery was very high . The jackpot was ten million dollars ! Icy decided to buy a ticket . She did not win the lottery . But she had had a great time playing and hoping !	PERSON went to the store to buy a lottery ticket . He perused through all the options but could n't chose . A woman close to him told him he should buy a gold looking one . PERSON followed her lead and bought the ticket . When he scratched it , he won ten dollars and bought more tickets .	I had found to my delight that I had won the lottery ! I received my check for a million dollars . I spent it all on a car , clothes , shoes and furniture . After only 3 months , I had spent all of the money . I am now as poor as I was before I won the lottery .	PERSON wanted to play the lottery . He went to the nearest store to buy a ticket . He played all his favorite numbers . PERSON returned home to wait for the drawing . He hit the jackpot !	Cole always dreamed of winning the lottery . He noticed some lucky numbers from his fortune cookie . Jokingly he drove to the gas station to buy a ticket . He decided to use to lucky numbers from the cookie . Cole was shocked that he managed to guess the winning numbers .
practice makes perfect	PERSON was not very good at hockey . Despite this , he loved the game enough to practice everyday . His coach promised him a starting role if he could score a goal . PERSON practiced for hours until he could make shots . Now he is starting on his team .	PERSON was a young piano student . PERSON found out he would have to play in a recital in a month . He was nervous about this . PERSON practiced for two hours every single day for a month . PERSON nailed the recital piece , wowing the crowd !	PERSON joined a bowling tournament for fun with friends . He soon realized he was the worst bowler on the team . He did n't want to hold the team back so he took private lessons . Between the tournament and the lessons PERSON was bowling every day . Within a few weeks PERSON became the nest on the team .	PERSON wanted to be on a professional basketball team . He was not the best on his high school team but had high hopes . He practiced every day as hard as he could , year after year . His basketball team went on to winning the nationals . PERSON was asked by a NBA team to play for them , and he happily accepted .	PERSON wanted to become a better football player . He talked to his coach and shared his dream of being a starter . The coach stayed after practice with PERSON , working on his skills . When PERSON improved , the coach even showed him a special trick play . The first time PERSON started , he used the trick play to win the game !	PERSON missed the winning basket during the basketball game . He felt awful and sulked for a week . Finally the coach told him to snap out of it and stay late today . The coach had PERSON shoot that shot he missed one hundred times . Since then PERSON has never missed that shot in a game !	I had practice quite a bit before I took my driver 's license . I remember I drove every chance I got from grocery stores and to work . I practice parallel parking until I had it down like math work . I even once drove on the interstate highway to get a feel for it . Finally when the day came I passed with flying colors .	PERSON was trying his hardest to make the football team . He was n't good enough last year , but this year 's be different ! He trained for hours . PERSON made great progress . PERSON ended up making the team !	PERSON 's tennis serve was awful ! Her overall play was very good except for her serve . PERSON realized she needed professional training . She hired the best tennis trainer and she practiced every day . PERSON won the next tennis match and , eventually , the championship !
the new house	Very early , Mommy pulled the car into the new driveway . She carried the tired children into the new house , and they all slept . When they all woke up , PERSON made lunch , and they ate on the floor . Daddy arrived with the moving truck , and he unpacked the beds . They worked hard , and slept soundly that first night in the new house .	PERSON and PERSON bought a new house . The day after they moved in , they discovered a leak under the sink ! They called a plumber to come fix the leak . The plumber charged a large fee for his services . Now PERSON and PERSON plan to care for their new home themselves .	Moving has always been a struggle for me . We moved into our new house across the country last year . I just got a new job and am starting to enjoy my time . After one of my shifts I came home and see firetrucks . Panicking , I rush down my street and see my house on fire .	Brandy was moving to new house . She was very excited . The new house was n't very far from her old one . She would miss the old house . She really liked the new house .	The family was so proud and excited . They were moving into a brand new house ! The movers took all their things over in a huge truck . They unpacked it all carefully . They were happy to finally have their own home .	PERSON moved to a new house . He invited PERSON over to see the new house . PERSON looked impressed with PERSON 's new house . PERSON was happy PERSON liked the house . PERSON was happy for his friend PERSON .	PERSON was excited that her family was moving to a new home . It had been a long time coming , and they needed a new house . They traveled very far , about 1000 miles to get to their new place . It was very exciting for tammy , but she was also nervous . When they arrived at their new place PERSON loved it and was n't scared .	PERSON and PERSON were moving into a new house . Moving day was tiring - it seemed there was always more stuff . When they began to unpack they realized something strange . There really was more stuff than when they started . PERSON 's parent 's house , though , was looking much less cluttered !	PERSON was mad at her family because they had to move away . She loved the house she grew up and lived in . PERSON was upset the whole way to the new house . They pulled up to the new house and showed her the swing set . The swing set made PERSON happy and she loved her new house .
the call	PERSON stood there . Tears running down her face . She was surrounded in sadness . The phone slid from her hands . It was the call she never wanted to receive .	PERSON got a strange phone call yesterday . They asked her about her credit card debt . However , she did n't own a credit card . She did some research and realized her number was posted online . It was without her consent , so she demanded they remove her number .	PERSON had a bad feeling with the phone rang . The voice on the other end said they were the police . Someone had hit her car in the parking lot and driven away . She filed a report with the police . Then she called her insurance company and filed a claim .	I had two people at the office to see me . I did not make it back there in time . I invited them to a meeting there . My friend called me to let me know . I had gone to close a sale .	PERSON was awakened by her mother . Her friend PERSON was on the phone for her . PERSON had n't realized she had fallen asleep . She was upset her mother had n't woken her up sooner . She snatched the phone from her and slammed the door .	PERSON was a good student and top of his class . He dreamed of attending a prestigious university on the east coast . He had worked very hard to be in this position . He received a call from the admission office of the university . He will be attending the campus in the fall .	A man called me late in the afternoon on my house phone . He asked for PERSON , but my name was PERSON . He claimed that he had the right number and I was lying . I did not feel like arguing so I hung up . A few seconds later he called back .	A baseball umpire called a player out in a close game . The coach of the player walked up to ask how the ump made the call . During their conversation , the coach slipped the umpire $ 50 . The umpire snuck the money into his pocket . After pretending to think it over , the umpire reversed his call .	PERSON was bored at the restaurant because it was slow . He sat down in the dining room playing on his phone . Suddenly the phone rang . PERSON jumped from his chair to run to answer it . He picked it up on the second ring .
PERSON 's choice	PERSON found out she was pregnant after she broke up with her boyfriend . She struggled about what to do . She was concerned the pregnancy would ruin her academic career . She decided to have the baby and give it up for adoption . Years later , carey felt that year off was a small price to pay .	PERSON had to choose between hanging out and covering a shift . He was on his way to a movie when the boss called . He wanted PERSON there as soon as possible to cover April 's shift . PERSON could have said no , but he decided it was his duty to show up . He told his boss he 'd be there in fifteen minutes .	PERSON was just beginning to date again after his divorce . He had dinner with PERSON , a woman he met online . They made plans to go out again the following evening . He met PERSON at a gas station and they struck up a conversation . He called PERSON and apologized , adding he 'd met someone else .	PERSON was born in LOCATION , LOCATION . She moved to the states for a better life . She met a very rich man immediately whom she felt was ugly . But she decided to marry him for money . She had a very unhappy marriage , but had the money she wanted .	PERSON went to the pet store . He was looking for a new companion . PERSON considered the parrot and ferret . He knew both were high maintenance . PERSON chose the ferret because parrots are noisy .	PERSON had made a New Year 's Resolution to lose weight . It was a temptation when his buddy asked if he 'd like some cake . PERSON weighed his choices . He did n't want to hurt all of the effort that he 'd already put in . Finally , PERSON told his friend that he 'd rather not .	PERSON wanted to go to college after he graduated high school . His parents could n't afford to send him and he did n't want to borrow . PERSON decided to sign up for the military . After basic training he was sent to LOCATION . He never got to go to college because he was killed by a IUD .	PERSON played football as a freshman in high school . He did n't grow much after his freshman year . The other players got bigger , and PERSON found it harder to play . Another player offered PERSON some steroids to make him stronger . PERSON did n't feel right about that , and he quit playing football .	PERSON had a hard time getting her children to floss their teeth . She decided to implement a reward system . She would credit each child a nickel for every day they flossed . Her son , PERSON , thought a nickel was n't enough and eschewed flossing . PERSON regretted this when his siblings got cash and he got gingivitis .
horse	PERSON always wanted to ride horses . He went on a trip to a rural area . He visited a small farm . He asked if he could ride one of the horses . The farmer gave him permission .	PERSON and PERSON were neighbors . They were 13 years old and played basketball together . They challenged each other on the court . Their favorite game was horse . PERSON won some , PERSON won some , they had fun playing horse .	PERSON wanted to learn to ride a horse . She thought it looked fairly easy . She signed up for riding lessons . But her first lesson was very , very hard ! PERSON realized that she had a lot to learn about horseback riding .	My niece is majoring in equestrian business in college . She has owned a horse for eight years . She rode the horse in several competitions . Last week the vet had to euthanize the horse for mad cow disease . My niece was devastated .	I took the dog to the vet last week . When we got there , a woman was bringing in a trailer . Inside the trailer was a beautiful quarter horse . We walked up and asked to pet him . She smiled and let us sit on him too .	PERSON always wanted to ride a horse . So PERSON looked online for a place he can ride one . He found a place . PERSON drove to that place . He rode his first horse .	There was a horse that crashed into a tree . It 's owners were very surprised . They had a vet look at it . It turned out the horse had bad eyes . The vet made the horse wear special horse eyeglasses .	The man brushed the horse . The horse liked to be brushed . It would normally stand very still to be brushed . The man hit a sore spot on the horse . The horse reared it 's head in pain .	PERSON recently bought a horse . Her parents paid for her lessons and she learned how to ride it . She got so good , that she qualified for competitions . She won a lot of them . She loves her horse a lot .
friendship	PERSON had only a few friends , but none he could count on . He began adding new people in neighboring towns on social media . Nobody had accepted his requests after 12 hours , and he was sad . He decided to go to bed and ignore his computer for the night . When he awoke , he found that almost all the people had accepted !	PERSON wanted to be nice and kind to everyone he met . One day he met someone that he did n't like as much . Peter still wanted to be nice to him however . He struggled a little bit but finally was nice to him . PERSON is now best friends with this person !	PERSON wanted to give her friends friendship bracelets for Christmas . But she had so many friends , she could n't afford enough bracelets ! Then she thought of a clever solution . She got out her strings and set to work knotting . Each girl received a beautiful homemade bracelet from PERSON !	PERSON and PERSON met in high school . They did not like each other then . When they got to college , they joined the same sorority . They realized how they knew each other . They are still best friends to this day .	PERSON had no friends . This made PERSON very sad . PERSON noticed that PERSON was sad due to a lack of friendship . PERSON decided to be PERSON 's friend . Now , PERSON had a friend !	PERSON met a girl on the bus . They talked about anime . They talked about characters . They felt they were like a couple that got married in a show . They got married in real life .	PERSON and PERSON lost contact ever since middle school . One day Michael found PERSON on Facebook and they reconnected . They both told stories about their lives since middle school . PERSON decided that he did not want to lose connection with anyone . He went on Facebook to find more friends to reconnect with .	PERSON and PERSON had never really spoken to each other . Their wives were friends , though , and they saw each other often . One day PERSON sat down to watch a game with PERSON as their wives talked . To their mutual surprise , each found the other funny and kind ! They quickly became buddies and agreed to watch every game together .	PERSON and PERSON were best friends . One day PERSON got a new bike . PERSON was sad that he did n't have one . PERSON had an idea . He let PERSON borrow the bike when he wanted because of friendship .
the snake	When I was ten years old , I went fishing with my parents and brother . While my dad and brother walked farther up the lake , I stayed behind . As I was standing on the bank with my pole , my mom suddenly froze . She told me to be still , and I looked down to see a tiny green snake . Unafraid , I pushed it away with my foot and continued fishing .	PERSON was walking by the pond . She thought she was stepping over a big stick . The stick moved ! It was a giant snake . She ran away screaming .	Once I went hiking in LOCATION . I saw another hiker and their dog was barking at something . It turned out that he found a rattlesnake . I was shocked and fearful since I had never seen a rattlesnake before . It was there I decided to turn around since I was scared .	Jeff heard something rustling in the leaves . It was a snake ! He ran away from the creature . He hid in his car until he was sure it was gone . Jeff hated snakes !	PERSON went to his garden . He saw a snake near his veggies . PERSON got scared and ran inside his house . PERSON called some people too pick up the snake . They picked up the snake .	There was a kid named PERSON . PERSON had a big yellow snake . The snake always ate big mice and rats . One day the snake got sick and did not eat his food . PERSON took him to the veterinarian and he said he was just full .	PERSON was walking through the woods . She saw a snake slither past her feet ! She screamed and ran away . She would n't return to the woods because of the snake . They were her greatest fear !	One day while cleaning PERSON found a snake in her house . She freaked out and ran out of the house . She then decided to grab some tools from her car . She went back inside to try and grab the snake with her tools . She was able to grab it and set it safely outside .	PERSON saw a snake out in the wood pile . PERSON caught the snake and put it in a box . He brought the snake inside the house . The snake got out of the box . PERSON found the snake in the closet two days later .
costume	PERSON 's first trapeze performance would be this very night . Her nervousness was n't about the routine , but her costume . Her unsuccessful searches through the costume rack left her hopeless . PERSON 's mother entered the dressing room holding a bright red leotard . It was a vision of sequins that fit to perfection .	Every Halloween , PERSON had a Halloween party . It was fun but a bit boring . This year she decided to get creative . She told all guests that they had to come in costume . Then everyone got to judge and vote on the best costume !	PERSON needed a mask for her costume party . But she had no money to buy one ! She decided to make one herself . She used feathers , sequins , and glitter glue . PERSON 's mask turned out very pretty !	PERSON did n't have a costume for this Halloween party . PERSON went to a costume store to find one . He found a very nice costume . He bought it and took it home to put it on . He went to the party with his costume .	PERSON tried to squeeze into her Halloween costume . She 'd worn it last year and it fit perfectly then . PERSON started to cry when she could n't get it to fit now . Her mother got out her sewing machine and made changes to it . PERSON hugged her mom and went out trick-or-treating in her costume .	The boy put on the costume . The mom pretended to be scared . The costume was not supposed to be scary . The boy got upset . The mom could n't help but laugh .	PERSON wanted to be a monster for Halloween . But he could not find a suitable costume . Then his mom offered to make him one . She did her best to make it very scary . PERSON was thrilled with his handmade costume !	PERSON was idly surfing the internet . She saw an ad for a comic book convention in her town . She decided that she would attend dressed as her favorite character . She rushed to the department store to buy materials . She then spent that night creating her costume from scratch .	The kids put on costumes . They had a party . Some of the kids had masks on . It got very hot that night . The kids with masks took them off .
thunderstorm	PERSON noticed that the weather outside looked bad . PERSON turned on the radio and listened to weather report . A bad thunderstorm was predicted . PERSON unplugged all the electronics including the computer . A few minutes later the storm arrived .	PERSON was woken up by the thunder during the storm . The loud boom really scared him . He went and climbed into bed with his parents . His parents let him do this because the storm was really loud . PERSON fell back to sleep very quickly .	Sue went for a run . She did not think to check the weather before she left . As she hit the two mile mark , she heard thunder . She started to hurry , but it started to pour . Sue was soaked by the time she made it home .	PERSON is afraid of storms . There is a big storm heading towards her house . PERSON gathers some food and blankets and goes to the basement . PERSON turns on the radio and listens to the weather . PERSON waits until the storm has passed to go upstairs .	PERSON took a cooler of food and drinks to the park . A few friends visited and they had a volleyball match . When a thunderstorm occurred , they decided to stay in a pavilion . The weather cleared up and they left the park . The thunderstorm occurred again on the ride home .	We went to Six Flags Park in LOCATION in 2000 . My wife and two kids had a great time . At night , a violent thunderstorm struck . We drove for an hour in the rain . The kids were afraid until the storm stopped .	PERSON is afraid of thunder . For the next two weeks it is supposed to rain heavily . During the first week , the rain flooded the basement . The following week the thunder shook the house . PERSON decided to stay in a bomb shelter until the storm passed .	We could see the clouds rolling in nearby . As they got closer , they also got darker looking . A huge lightning bolt came from one of the clouds down to the ground . Seconds later , the ground shook . Everyone nearby took cover from the incoming storm .	PERSON was swimming inside the pool on vacation . She heard thunder off in the distance . PERSON stayed inside the pool , even though a storm was coming . Then PERSON saw lightening . She got out of the pool after lightening came across the sky .
kittens	For her birthday , PERSON 's mother promised her a kitten . At the pet store , PERSON fell in love with a tiny orange male kitten . Her mother wanted one of the females instead , but PERSON insisted . On the way to the register , the orange kitten scratched her badly . PERSON decided to listen to her mother this time .	PERSON heard a soft scratching coming from inside the barn . She drew closer , hoping to find the source of the noise . As she entered the barn , she heard soft mewing noises . There , in the hay , lay a cat and four newborn kittens ! PERSON smiled and went to go get a dish of milk for them .	PERSON 's cat was about to have kittens . PERSON was very excited . She kept track of her cat 's every move . When PERSON got home from school on Friday , she checked on her cat . She found her with 5 very tiny kittens snuggled up to her .	I was driving down the road on a very rainy day . Before my eyes , I saw two kittens near the road . I jumped out of the car and grabbed them . I took them home , and started taking great care of them . Two years later , they are healthy , happy cats that I love dearly .	I heard kittens meowing outside . I could n't figure out where they were . The lady across the street came over . She helped me look for them . We found them cowering in a storm drain , missing their mother .	PERSON opened their garage one saturday morning . She thought she heard something in the garage . She ran to get her dad because she was scared . When they came back her dad found four kittens in the garage . They made a home out of some boxes that were in the garage .	I found out my cat is pregnant . I had no idea why she was making all these funny noises . She would hide a lot under my bed . A friend told me this behavior was of a pregnant animal . I can not wait to see the kittens .	PERSON 's cat was pregnant . PERSON was relieved to learn this . She had believed the cat to simply be getting overweight . The cat eventually gave birth to three kittens . PERSON decided to keep all of them , but to get them fixed .	PERSON 's cat PERSON had 4 kittens . Although she loved the cute kittens she did n't have room for them . PERSON placed a flyer on the board at work in the break room . PERSON received a lot of calls about the kittens . By the end of the week all the kittens had new homes .
chinese food	My friends were ordering Chinese food last Friday . They all wanted different things . The order wound up being really long . The restaurant almost did n't want to do it . We gave them a big tip as a thanks .	PERSON really wanted Chinese food . So we looked up places that were nearby . We found one a few minutes away . But the food was not very good . We figured we would pick a different place next time .	There was this amazing Chinese place by my house . They served the best sweet and sour chicken I 've ever had . The best part was that they were open until late at night . Unfortunately , they closed down a few months ago . I guess I 'll have to find a new Chinese place .	PERSON 's mom was from LOCATION . But she recently moved to LOCATION . PERSON and her mom went to a Chinese restaurant . But her mom complained about how different the food was . PERSON 's mom planned a family trip for LOCATION to show them the food .	We had our daughter and her family over last week . They live in LOCATION while we live in LOCATION . One night , we ordered Chinese food . We ordered Mongolian beef , PERSON PERSON , and appetizers . I was very stuffy that night .	The family went out to eat . They ate at a local Chinese restaurant . The food was delicious ! They all cleaned their plates . They were stuffed when they went home .	PERSON loved every kind of food . Chinese was his favorite . He would order three different entrees . Then he would eat it all up ! A couple hours later , he was always starving again .	PERSON ordered Chinese food and waited for it to show up . One hour went by and still no food . PERSON got upset and called the restaurant . The manager apologized profusely and paid for his meal . PERSON felt a little better but would n't be ordering from them anymore .	I love Chinese food and there is the best place next to my house . I order delivery almost every night and the prices are decent . I called today to place an order and I was told that they closed down . They recommended another Chinese place to me similar to them . I gave it a shot but it 's not as good and it 's more expensive .
the new job	PERSON wanted to be a lawyer . She graduated from Spelman College in 1999 . After a year working from home , she went to law school in LOCATION . She received a call from Spelman College offering her a job . So she dropped out of law school for an administration job .	PERSON was excited about working his new job . It was his first day and he was being shown around . PERSON worked in IT . He met with everyone and they all seemed quite nice . PERSON knew he had made the right move and was going to be fine .	PERSON desperately needed some money to pay bills . He decided the best thing to do was to start his own business . PERSON was really good at mowing lawns , so that is what he decided to do PERSON worked very hard to make his business successful , and soon it was PERSON soon had all the money he ever needed from his new business .	PERSON was shaking with nervousness . She was starting her new job today ! She walked up the steps , reassuring herself . She introduced herself to her new coworkers . She sat down and got to work !	PERSON was very anxious about starting his new job . On his first day in the office he felt like nobody talked to him . He even thought about quitting right away . The next day he talked to PERSON and found they liked similar things . They 're now good friends and PERSON really enjoys going to work .	PERSON got fired from his job . He needed to find a new one . PERSON asked his friends if they had any job leads . One friend suggested a new restaurant that was hiring . PERSON got a job as a cook .	PERSON started a new job at the local Goodwill . She met many new coworkers , and learned her role . PERSON worked very well , earning the attention of the store manager . The store manager really appreciated PERSON 's work and attitude . The store manager offered her full-time employment , and she accepted .	PERSON was looking for a job . She found an ad in the local paper . PERSON applied to the job listed in the paper . A woman called PERSON to schedule an interview . PERSON got the job .	PERSON was ready for her first day at her new job . She was very nervous . PERSON dressed in her best outfit and headed out . The day was great . PERSON new she would love her new job .
dog park	PERSON wanted to take her dog to a dog park . She looked online and found one close to her house . PERSON and her dog walked to the park . PERSON was surprised to see it filled with very large dogs . She decided to wait and find a park for smaller animals .	Today I took my dog to the dog park . First we walked for 20 minutes to get there . Then I let him run around for half an hour . The other dogs ran around with him . Then we came home .	I wanted to take my dog to a dog park today . I was afraid of how she would act around all the other dogs there . We got in the car and headed down there . She immediately ran around and played with the other dogs . I can not wait to take her back to the dog park .	PERSON was taking his dog to the dog park . It was his dogs first time in a dog park . When they arrived his dog was shy and did n't play with other dogs . But then PERSON 's dog got comfortable and played with other dogs . PERSON started to take his dog every weekend and his dog enjoyed it .	PERSON wanted to play with his dog all day long . He started off by taking it for a walk around the neighborhood . PERSON and his dog then stopped for an ice cream cone . Then they walked over to the dog park . PERSON and his dog spent the rest of the day playing fetch !	PERSON 's dog Max clawed at the door , ready for his morning walk . PERSON put on his leash and they headed outside . As they walked , PERSON noticed a dog park filled with other dogs . She opened the gate and let max inside the play area . PERSON played with several of the other dogs and had fun .	PERSON 's friend PERSON told him the dog park was a good place to meet girls . On Saturday morning he drove his dog to the park . A few minutes after they were done playing , a pretty girl sat down . PERSON 's dog ran over to see her dog . PERSON ended up on a date next weekend with the pretty girl .	I took my dog to the dog park today . My dog ran around and played with all the other dogs . I was starting to get bored of watching dogs run around . I decided that it was time to leave the dog park . My dog whined when we left .	PERSON took his dog for a walk every morning . Last Tuesday , they walked further than they ever had before . They discovered a new park where there were lots of dogs to play with . PERSON 's dog was excited and started jumping up and down . PERSON could n't believe he had n't known about the park before .
the cruise	PERSON had children at a young age and spent most of his life working . His co-workers and kids knew the one vacation he truly wanted . As a surprise for his retirement they sent him on that vacation . PERSON went on an all expenses paid three week LOCATION cruise . Those who visit him have the pleasure of a recounted tale of that trip .	Last summer my family took a cruise together . We went to the bahamas . It was beautiful and the boat was a lot of fun . It brought the family together . We already booked our next cruise for this summer .	PERSON graduated college and was excited for her future . Her family wanted to do something special for PERSON . Her mother surprised her with tickets for a cruise . The entire family went on the cruise and had a great time . PERSON was very happy and thankful for her family .	The family liked to travel . They thought a cruise would be a good way to see the world . They were very disappointed by the experience . The room was tiny and the food was terrible . They wished they 'd taken a different kind of vacation .	PERSON went on a cruise . He met a beautiful girl . They talked the whole trip . When they got back to land , he asked her on a date . He was happy when she said yes .	PERSON was invited on a cruise by an older man . She was flattered but felt worried . She had never gone on a cruise before but did n't like him . In the end PERSON decided to turn the offer down . PERSON told the man and he was sad but accepted .	The family arrived at the port to take their cruise . They were so excited ! At their first port , they got terribly lost . They missed the cruise leaving . They were stranded in LOCATION .	PERSON had never been on a cruise ship before . His family was on vacation . They were cruising in the LOCATION . PERSON had a great time on board going swimming and playing games . He would always remember that first cruise .	The family took a cruise through the LOCATION . They saw amazing historical sights . The beaches were beautiful . The food was delicious . They went home and could n't wait to go on another trip !
dreams	PERSON dreams of being an actor . She decided to move to LOCATION LOCATION . PERSON went to many auditions . Finally , she got her big break . She is now living her dream .	I had a dream last night . It was very disturbing . My son climbed a door and rolled over the top . He fell to the ground below . He laid there unable to move .	PERSON was taught by his father how to play basketball . PERSON love for basketball started then . PERSON wanted to be in the NBA so he played in high school . PERSON got a scholarship to USC after playing good in high school . After playing good in USC , PERSON got drafted by the LA Lakers .	PERSON had a bad dream . He woke up in a cold sweat . He opened up his journal . He wrote down the dream . He went back to sleep .	PERSON could n't sleep because of his nightmares . He was growing ever so tired . He decided to see a psychologist . The psychologist suggested hypnotherapy . The hypnotherapy worked and PERSON thanked his psychologist .	Will had a recurring dream about being trapped in a cellar . After several times of dreaming this , Will thought he needed help . Will talked with a psychologist , telling him about the dream . Will was relieved to hear the doctor 's response . The doctor told Will recurring dreams are common and not to worry !	I had a dream last night about my dog . Someone made me sell him . I ran into him a few weeks later . He ran to me and refused to go back to his new owners . I woke up and cuddled him when I realized it was just a dream .	I confided in a friend about how I always lose focus of my dreams . I forget it through the countless possibilities that each day holds . He told me , PERSON you must n't live trapped in loops . I reflected on that throughout the day when he left . Tomorrow came , and today is the new beginning of my changes .	PERSON was a student at his local community college . He was n't sure what he wanted to do with his life . One Christmas , his mom gave him his first sound board . With it , PERSON wrote his first song in weeks ! Soon after , he became famous and quit school to write songs full time .
ride	One day I went for a ride . I took my time on my ride , since I was very bored . During this ride I listened to a lot of music and got some food . I went fast on the highway for a majority of the ride . When I was on my way home I stopped and got food for my mom .	PERSON had always wanted to ride an elephant . He thought his family 's trip to LOCATION was the perfect chance . Then he heard about how cruel elephant training was . PERSON realized he could not be a part of it . He did n't get to ride an elephant , but he felt good about his choice .	PERSON was staying at her friend 's house . She needed a ride to work . PERSON 's friend said she would drive her . Unfortunately , the friend woke up late and thus , PERSON was late . PERSON took the bus the next day to work .	We asked the dog if she wanted to go for a ride . She got very excited . She started jumping on us and howling . We got her pretty pink leash . She happily bounded out the door for a ride with us .	PERSON jumped on the chopper , ready to feel the wind in her hair . Pulling her phone out , she entered the coordinates in the GPS . The familiar voice instructed her to begin her route . PERSON revved the engine of the motorcycle . With a final glance behind her , she took off on the open road .	I was walking back from the store . It was a hot day . A man gave me a ride the rest of the way . He was a little rude to me . I thanked him anyway .	PERSON was driving down the road . He saw his friend PERSON walking . He stopped his car . He gave her a ride . Then he went home .	My wife took our car in for service yesterday . She had to take mass transit to work . She is not used to the MBTA , but managed . She planned to take the bus to get the car . Her co worker graciously gave her ride to the service station .	PERSON 's mom hated to drive . But PERSON 's best friend lived across town . Her mom saw her sitting around the house bored . To PERSON 's surprise her mother drove her to her friend 's house . PERSON was very grateful and happy for the ride .
learning to drive	PERSON decided to learn how to drive . He got into his car . He drove the car around the block . After driving around he got out of the car . PERSON was proud of his driving ability .	PERSON learned to drive when she was fourteen years old . Her dad took her to a school that had lots of clear roads . She had the seat all the way forward to reach the pedals . Some days she would practice for an hour . When it was time to get her license she was already sure of herself .	After I got my learner 's permit , my mom let me drive home . She told me to take the long way home so I 'd avoid the highway . I did pretty well pulling out of the parking lot . Shortly after , I turned too sharp and almost hit someone ! My mom said that was enough for one day and drove us home .	PERSON 's mother was trying to teach her to drive . She had her drive around a parking lot first . Then she had her turn onto back roads . After a while she made her go on the main road . PERSON was very happy to have started learning to drive .	PERSON could n't wait to be 16 so she could drive herself around . But the first step in driving was learning to drive . Her father was the one who was going to teach her . It was a scary job , but he knew it had to be done . Soon enough PERSON was a great driver and ready to take the test .	PERSON was learning how to drive . One day , there was snow on the road . She tried to brake when a car pulled in front of her . She did not brake fast enough and hit the car . Her mother was very angry .	PERSON just got his learner 's permit . He had never been behind the the wheel of a car . He asked his mom to take him out driving . She took PERSON to an empty parking lot . He spent the afternoon driving slowly in circles .	PERSON wanted to teach his son PERSON how to drive a car . They both got up early at 8AM in the morning to start . He went over the basics as PERSON started the vehicle . PERSON pulled out of the driveway and headed to a stop sign . PERSON made a gentle and complete stop to PERSON 's relief .	I never learned to drive a stick shift as a kid . The other day I had to use my friend 's car . And of course it 's a five speed manual . It took a few minutes but I got the hang of it pretty quick . Now I can drive almost anything .
close call	I was working the register at the local drug store . Storm clouds began accumulating , with the sky darkening . There was a sudden crack of thunder and flash of lightning . My register shut off and the lights went out . The bolt had struck only a few feet from the entrance to the store !	PERSON was to be the best man at his friend 's wedding . He had woken up late that day and fumbled to get his clothes on . He had the rings and headed to the bus stop . In a hurry he dropped the rings and they started rolling downhill . Running to catch up , he saw PERSON 's fiance leaving a stranger 's house .	PERSON was walking his dog early one morning . Before he could get too far from his house , he saw another animal . When he saw several more in the road , PERSON realized they were coyotes . He scared the pack off by banging a shovel on the pavement . PERSON stopped walking his dog without a shovel after that .	PERSON loved to take her little parrot outside for walks . The parrot loved to be outside too . His favorite thing was to sit on a branch and feel the wind . One day a hawk swooped down and PERSON had to beat it off with a stick . The hawk flew away empty handed .	PERSON was in a hurry driving to work one morning . PERSON was at a stoplight , waiting patiently . PERSON noticed a car coming up on him rapidly in his rear-view mirror . PERSON gripped the steering wheel , waiting for an impact . Luckily , the car managed to come to a screeching halt just shy of PERSON .	PERSON was going to buy a house in a quiet little town . The deal fell through and he ended up living in the city . Barely a month later a tornado tore through the small town . It utterly destroyed the house PERSON had planned on buying . He felt relieved that things had worked out the way they had .	The PERSON family took a trip up in the mountains with their truck . As PERSON PERSON was driving he felt something buzzing against his arm . PERSON jumped out of the truck and hurriedly took his shirt off . As he shook his shirt out , a bee came buzzing from the sleeve . PERSON had escaped this bee encounter without being stung .	PERSON was driving to work . He stopped at a red light . He looked in his mirror and saw a semi come barreling towards him . He pulled to the side of the road and to avoid the collision . The semi struck the car in front of him .	PERSON liked to ride her bike on weekends . One weekend she decided to ride her bike in the country . She enjoyed the ride until some dogs started to chase her . One of the dogs got close enough to nip PERSON 's heel . PERSON decided to stick to riding her bike in the city .
the glasses	PERSON was tired of squinting . He went to an eye doctor to get his eyes checked . The doctor found glasses that would help him . Finally PERSON could see ! He felt great reading after that .	PERSON 's eyesight was poor . She got some glasses from her eye doctor . Everything looked so clear ! She went home and read a book easily . PERSON loved being able to see .	PERSON had terrible eyesight . He bought glasses to help him read . Soon , he was reading a book every week . PERSON realized his eyesight had kept him from enjoying books . Now he wanted to make up for all that lost time .	PERSON was squinting at the book . She realized she could n't see well . She went to the eye doctor for an exam . They said she desperately needed glasses . She could finally see !	PERSON got a job as a proofreader with a big firm . His first day , he broke his glasses on the way in to work . He had to squint and he was worried he was missing mistakes . He came in the next day with new glasses . He looked over the previous day 's work to make sure .	PERSON had a headache . He realized he 'd been squinting when he read the chalkboard . His eye doctor told him he needed glasses . As soon as he put them on , he could see ! PERSON was happy to be headache-free !	PERSON was working in a factory . He had safety glasses that he wore while he worked . One day , a shard of glass broke off and hit the glasses . They had saved his eyesight ! PERSON was sure he would continue to wear the safety glasses .	Crystal had bad eyesight . She got some glasses from the eye doctor . Everything was so clear ! Crystal was happy to finally be able to read comfortably . She wished she 'd gotten glasses sooner .	PERSON was squinting . He could n't find his glasses . He knew he 'd be in trouble if he had lost them . He looked high and low . He finally found them under his bed .
birthday surprise	Amber wanted to surprise her husband on his birthday . She bought gifts at the store . She set them up while he was at work . Her husband came home from work . He was surprised to see her party .	PERSON has been looking forward to next week 's football game all week . But when he tries to get tickets they are sold out everywhere . Finally he resigns himself to the fact that he 's not going to go . But that day his girlfriend surprises him with tickets to the game . PERSON thinks it 's the best birthday present he 's ever received	PERSON wanted to have a surprise party for her husband . She planned it carefully when we was n't around . She almost told him a few times . On his birthday she took him to his favorite restaurant . He was very surprised when there were 50 people there !	Today , PERSON planned to sleep in . His wife had other plans and woke him up . She laid out the clothes she wanted him to wear . He got dressed and ready for her plans . She brought PERSON to a restaurant for his birthday .	Yesterday was my 40th birthday . When I came home , my husband was acting very weird and nervous . When I got into the living room , I was shocked to see my whole family ! My husband had planned a party all by himself ! I could n't believe he did it without me finding out .	PERSON wanted to surprise his daughter PERSON with a new puppy . On her birthday , PERSON asked PERSON to get him something from the garage . PERSON raised the garage door with remote garage door opener . A blonde bundle of puppy fur excitedly ran toward PERSON from the garage . This was the best birthday surprise she had ever had .	PERSON told everyone that he did not want a party for his birthday . All of his friends promised that they would not throw a party . On his birthday PERSON was invited to his favorite restaurant . He kept expecting all of his friends to yell surprise . PERSON was sad when he realized that no one would throw him a party .	It was PERSON 's birthday . He was upset because he thought everyone forgot it . A friend invited him over to hang out . When ken walked in all his friends were there . They threw him a surprise birthday party .	PERSON was turning 21 . He did n't have many friends . He decided to go to the bar by himself . At the last minute one of his friends invited him out . PERSON 's other friends were there too .
voting	PERSON was excited because he just turn eighteen and could vote . So PERSON learned about the political candidates . He found who he thought was good for the country . He registered to vote . Got his ballot and voted .	PERSON wanted to vote in the upcoming election . PERSON was far away from his home state . PERSON filed an absentee ballot . PERSON successfully voted in the election . PERSON accomplished his goal of voting .	My son received an official looking letter . It requested that he change his voter registration address . I was about to give it to him . I looked and saw it was from a non profit political group . I ignored the letter .	PERSON wanted to vote . He went to go wait in line . He waited a long time . Finally it was his turn . They unfortunately sent him home because he was not registered .	PERSON wanted to vote . He filled out the registration in high school . The registration got destroyed in the mail for some reason . PERSON felt down about it and decided not to register . That is , until he got older and did it again .	PERSON wanted to vote . PERSON wanted to be an informed voter . PERSON carefully researched the candidates stances on every issue . PERSON became an informed voter . PERSON voted for the candidate he liked the most .	I registered to vote the other day . It was n't as hard as I thought . I basically just signed up with basic info . Now I can vote for whoever I want . And I intend to do so with complete impunity .	PERSON was excited because she had just turned eighteen . This made her eligible to vote for the first time . She carefully studied each candidate . She made sure that she had gotten registered on time . When election day came PERSON voted for who she thought was best .	PERSON tried to convince his neighbor not to vote for PERSON PERSON . PERSON 's neighbor got very upset at his suggestion . PERSON tried to calm his neighbor 's attitude . PERSON finally gave up and went inside his house to hide . PERSON never did convince his neighbor to change his vote .
PERSON 's shoes	PERSON always wore the same shoes . They were black with white laces . He needed a new pair badly . He was finally convinced to buy a new pair . PERSON finally bought a black pair with black laces for work .	PERSON loved to craft leather . One day she tried to craft a pair of shoes . A man came into her workshop and was amazed with them . He offered her a job as a professional shoe designer ! She accepted and has been making the latest shoe designs !	PERSON 's mother told him to always put his shoes away . PERSON did not always listen . When it was time to get dressed he could not find his shoes . He looked all over the house while they got later and later . PERSON 's mother found his shoes in the shower .	PERSON is a high school teacher . His students liked to tease PERSON . He figured it was his shoes . PERSON bought a nice new pair of shoes . They no longer had a reason to tease PERSON .	PERSON had always had back pain after working . His job required him to stand for a long time . Finally a coworker recommended he buy a new pair of shoes . PERSON bought new shoes that were very comfortable . Finally his back pain was gone .	PERSON was playing outside . He tripped over a rock . Both of his shoes came off . He picked up both shoes . He put his shoes back on his feet .	PERSON put on his shoes . The lace was missing on one of the shoes . PERSON checked his room for a spare lace . He could n't find another place for the shoe . PERSON put on a different pair of shoes .	PERSON wanted new shoes . She told her mom . Her mom told her to wait till friday . PERSON began to cry . When friday came PERSON and her mom went to the shoe store .	PERSON built himself a pair of shoes . His friends admired his shoes . PERSON built some shoes for his friends . People began asking PERSON if they could buy some shoes . PERSON opened his own shoe store .
PERSON loses weight	PERSON has n't worked in almost one year . Because he is low on money he has started eating less . His friends and family mention that he should try eating more . However , he ignores their advice . Finally PERSON finds a new job and begins eating more .	PERSON 's afraid that he will never lose the weight he put on in college . He decides the only way to lose weight is to get a gym membership . He goes to the gym each day and works as hard as he can . Gradually PERSON begins to lose his extra college pounds . Now he 's so happy he believed in himself .	PERSON did n't get very much exercise . Eventually he started to gain more weight than he wanted . His friends suggested that he started exercising . PERSON began visiting the gym every day . Eventually he worked off all of the weight he gained .	PERSON was really self conscious of his weight . He decided to lose some weight . He signed up for a gym membership . He ran everyday on the treadmill . PERSON was able to lose 10 pounds with exercise and healthy eating .	PERSON was an overweight mom . She would often get depressed thinking about it . She decided enough was enough . PERSON went on a very strict diet . PERSON ended up losing over 100 lbs .	PERSON realizes that he has become very fat over the last two Year 's . He decides that he needs to lose weight quickly . PERSON stops eating meat and starts to jog every day . After 6 months he starts to lose weight . PERSON is happy that he has finally started to become less fat .	PERSON wants to be an actress . She goes to audition for the part in a movie . She is told she ways too much for the part . PERSON hits the gym and loses a bunch of weight . She comes back to the movie studio and claims the part .	PERSON was a little bit on the fat side . He wanted to shed some weight . He started a juice only diet . He drank 6 juice infused vegetable smoothies throughout the day . PERSON was able to lose 10 pounds in a week .	PERSON wanted to lose 50 lbs . He started eating smaller meals . He also started eating more healthy food and less junk food . In addition , he began a daily exercise program . By the end of the year , PERSON had lost all 50 lbs .
burned	PERSON ordered a well done pizza . But when it arrived , she was shocked . The pizza was burned black ! She called the store and complained about the pizza . Soon they had a fresh pizza delivered to her .	PERSON liked to help his Mother make dinner . One evening Mother was boiling water to make Macaroni and Cheese . PERSON came to the kitchen to help as usual . He tried to look into the pot , but knocked the pot off the stove ! ` . The hot water burned PERSON 's foot badly .	I fell asleep on the beach one day . The warm sun lulled me , and I slept for hours . Then I awoke to serious pain . I had been burned very badly ! I vowed never to pass out on the beach again !	PERSON has red hair , brown freckles and pale skin . He usually avoids the beach because he burns so easily . Yesterday , however , his girlfriend made him go . She forgot to pack sunscreen . Now PERSON has red hair , brown freckles and red skin .	PERSON fell asleep on the beach one afternoon . When she woke , five hours had passed ! With horror , she checked her pocket mirror . She was beet-red and very very burned ! PERSON was lucky she had not gotten sun poisoning .	PERSON was reading a book outside . She fell asleep in the lawn chair . The sun was shining brightly . PERSON was n't in the shade . PERSON got a sunburn .	PERSON went to the beach for summer vacation . She forgot to take her sunscreen with her . On the first day at the beach , PERSON got a bad sunburn . PERSON had to spend the rest of her vacation indoors . PERSON promised herself that she 'd never forget the sunscreen again .	PERSON ordered chicken wings from her local pizzeria . But when they arrived , she was disappointed . The wings were very burned ! PERSON could n't help but call and complain . Soon they sent her a new order of fresh , tasty wings !	PERSON was making pancakes . Then her phone rang , and she answered it . It was her best friend calling ! The two girls gossipped for a few minutes . Then PERSON realized that she had burned her pancakes !
the pie	It was apple season ! Drew was making an apple pie . He sliced the apples and put them in the crust . Then he drizzled caramel over it . He popped it into the oven .	PERSON liked to bake . She was making a pumpkin pie . She carefully crimped the crust . She baked it until it was golden brown . She could n't wait to taste it !	Their kitchen was a pretty unremarkable place . It was like many other kitchens , but their was one exception . PERSON 's mom was cooking here and she was amazing . She baked a pie today and the smell was intoxicating . PERSON was finally able to taste the pie and it was sensational .	Crystal had been baking all day . She made an amazing cherry pie . When it came out of the oven , she let it cool . Then she put ice cream on top . She ate half the pie by herself .	PERSON was making a fall treat . It was a pumpkin pie ! She carefully crimped the pie crust . She put it in the oven to bake . She could n't wait to slice it up !	PERSON had picked a giant bushel of blueberries . She was going to make a pie with them . She rinsed them and then boiled them on the stove . She added lots of sugar , too . She could n't wait for it to come out of the oven .	PERSON picked a lot of blueberries . She took them home and washed them . Then she made a pie with them . She served it to all her friends . They gushed over how good it was .	PERSON wanted to bake something . She made an amazing blueberry pie . She put it in the oven and waited for it to be done . Eventually , the oven dinged . She pulled it out of the oven and it smelled great !	PERSON was making a pie for thanksgiving . She loved to cook , and she loved cherry pie . She measured , poured , stirred , and baked her pie . She marveled at the sight of the pie she made with her own hands . Her family gave her many compliments on her delicious pie .
fall	PERSON was riding to school . Suddenly she rode over a rock she did not see . She fell off her bike and landed hard ! Her knees were both scraped badly . PERSON had to go home for treatment instead of to school .	I was raking leaves in my front yard . I made several huge piles . My son came running out of the house . He stage-dove into one of the piles . I made him finish raking the yard .	PERSON was mountain climbing . He reached up to drive his pick into the rock wall . But his hand slipped , and he dangled from one carabiner ! Quickly he regained his grip on the wall . There he clung , panting , until he had calmed down .	PERSON was happy to hear the final class bell ring . He rose from his seat and rushed out the door . But in the hallway , he tripped and fell ! PERSON twisted his ankle and hurt it rather badly . He decided to be less eager in the future !	PERSON was hiking with her family . Suddenly she tripped on a tree root . She fell into a patch of poison ivy ! PERSON was miserable as she suffered from the plant 's effects . Her family felt very badly for her .	PERSON was riding his bike one day . Suddenly he tripped over a rock . He fell off his bike . PERSON landed in the mud and fell hard . He ended up scratching his hands and face badly .	I was in a rehab facility in 2011 . I had suffered a stroke . I went to the bathroom in my wheelchair . I stood up , used the bathroom , and fell getting back into the chair . Luckily I was uninjured .	PERSON is struggling in school and at work . PERSON is falling quickly and needs to seek help . His addiction to the bottle is detrimental . He works his way through counseling . Tim is back on track and in school again !	I am one of the people who ca n't get up if they fall . I had a stroke in the fall of 2011 . Last night I went to the bathroom and the cane slipped on the tile . I fell and could not get up . Luckily my wife was able to help me up .
peanut allergy	The teacher told the students not to bring any snacks to school . They had a student with peanut allergies . So this could not be risked . PERSON brought in peanut butter crackers on accident . The child ate one and went into shock .	PERSON and PERSON are identical twins . PERSON loves to eat peanut butter but PERSON is highly allergic to it . One day their mom handed PERSON PERSON 's lunch bag by mistake . As soon as PERSON tasted the peanut butter she ran the nurse 's office . PERSON was treated with an epipen and sent home early that day .	PERSON was allergic to peanuts . One day his friend brought cookies to school . PERSON ate one of the cookies . Minutes later he started breaking out . Come to find out , the cookies had peanut butter in them .	PERSON was allergic to peanuts . He went to birthday party . The cake had a peanut butter filling . PERSON did n't eat any of the cake . The host brought PERSON a serving of ice cream instead .	PERSON was deathly allergic to peanuts . The school bully PERSON did n't understand how deathly . He thought putting a single peanut in his sandwich would be funny . PERSON went into shock due to the allergy closing his throat . Luckily PERSON did n't die and PERSON was only expelled .	Sue was allergic to peanuts . She told her teacher . However , one day a student brought peanut butter cups . Sue accident touched the peanut butter . She had to go to the ER .	PERSON loved peanuts . He ate a jar of peanut butter . He started itching . PERSON did n't know he was allergic to peanuts . PERSON died .	PERSON was at a restaurant . He told them about his peanut allergy . They assured him it would not be an issue . PERSON ordered his food without care . The staff was right in that he ran into no issues .	PERSON told PERSON he was allergic to peanuts . PERSON thought PERSON was a hypochondriac . She decided to test it by giving PERSON a cookie with ground peanuts . PERSON started choking moments after biting the cookie . PERSON acted like she did n't know why PERSON was choking .
game	The boy tossed the tennis ball against the wall . He watched it bounce off the bricks and come back to him . The ball hurled back to him with the force of his throw . Practice let him catch the ball most of the time . He enjoyed his game alot .	I had been practicing hard for the soccer game . Even though I was ill , I wanted to play in the game . The coach told me to stay home and rest . I was upset because I had been practicing for months . The coach told me I could resume playing after I was well .	PERSON was babysitting a young boy . They were trying to decide on a game to play . PERSON suggested board games and computer games . But the little boy suggested a much simpler game . They played hide-and-seek , and they both loved it !	The man played a game . He got the closest . His friend knew the man would win . His friend gave up the game . The man gloated about the victory .	We stood in line for hours to get into the stadium . The place was completely packed with fans . We ordered some amazing garlic fries . We sat and ate while the game started . Our team won , and we screamed with excitement .	PERSON loved to gamble . He beat PERSON he could run faster than him . The two raced down the street . PERSON won the race . Now PERSON has no money left .	PERSON challenged his friends to a softball game . They arrived at the field . The boys started to play . PERSON played better than any of them . He easily won the game !	The game was for the special needs children . They played kickball every saturday . The kids really enjoyed this game because it was cool outside . They ran and laughed and had a great time . They had no winners , but no one cared .	He pulled out a new board game . He laid the pieces on the table . He walked around the house looking for someone to play with . Everyone said they were too busy . He sat down on the couch , dejected .
laundry	I noticed my dresser was getting empty . I went to the laundry room and saw the mountain of dirty cloths . I did the laundry until the mountain was gone . I then folded all the cloths and put them away . My dresser was completely full once again .	My husband was doing the laundry . Later , he asked me if I had seen his wallet . I became worried and went to the dryer . Sure enough , my husband had washed his wallet with his pants . Now , he always double checks all the pockets .	PERSON had a long list of chores to accomplish for the day . She finished all of her tasks except for the laundry . She was about to get started when she got called into work . When PERSON came home , she found that her husband had done the laundry . She was thrilled to not have to dive into the task that evening .	PERSON dug through her closet for an outfit . She found nothing . She decided it was time to do some laundry ! She schlepped her clothes to the laundromat . There , she threw everything into a washer and turned it on .	PERSON 's washer broke . She had to wait for 5 days until a repair man could come . She was forced to lug her wash to the laundromat . It was a huge hassle ! PERSON realized she had to appreciate her washer more .	My wife put my laundry in the dryer . The dryer stopped running . I pulled the dry clothes out of the dryer . I folded my laundry . I put the laundry in their drawers .	I was doing my laundry yesterday . I was putting the wash into the dryer . A young woman saw me struggling , as I can use only one hand . She put all of my clothes into the dryers . I thanked her profusely .	Today I tried to do all of my laundry . My laundry had been piling up for weeks . I tried to do double sized loads in my washing machine . The washing machine started off doing great . Unfortunately my washer broke because the loads were too large .	PERSON had mountains of dirty laundry to clean . Starting to wash his laundry , he overfilled the washer and broke it . PERSON called a repairman only to find out he needed a brand new washer . PERSON researched new washers and found the prices far too expensive . Frustrated , PERSON gave up and called a laundry service .
long wait	PERSON and her dad love Star Wars . The new movie is about to show in 2 days . They decide to wait in front of the theater for tickets . When they get there , they see a line of campers . PERSON and her dad were able to wait and got tickets .	A man sat in the waiting room . He waited for his turn to see the doctor . His doctor called him in . The man complained about the wait . The doctor apologized .	PERSON only had rolled oats to eat at his house . But it was too hot to make oatmeal . So he decided to order some sandwiches . After waiting for hours , they finally arrived . But by then , the weather was cool enough to eat oatmeal .	PERSON was being transferred to a store near her home . The new store decided not to hire PERSON . PERSON was upset to be without a job . She called her old store and asked to be re-hired . PERSON was sad to hear she had already been replaced .	PERSON loved the half life games . He had been waiting years for a new one . It was finally announced that it would come out . PERSON excitedly bought it as soon as he could . It was even better than expected .	PERSON was found guilty of murder and sentenced to 20 years in jail . PERSON spent his time carving at his wall to make an escape tunnel . Three years into his sentence he was able to escape . The guards did not realize he was gone until the next day . PERSON did n't stop running until he was 100 miles away from the jail .	The sniper hid in the grass for hours waiting for his target to show . He pulled out his maps to see if he was in the right place . The target was supposed to show up 500 meters in front of him . Light rain began to fall from the sky . The sniper readjusted his scope for the rain and waited some more .	I went to the airport yesterday . It was such a long wait . I was quite irritated . Finally I got to the terminal . I really had to rush .	I went to the airport yesterday . I was waiting for a very long time . It was annoying . Finally though I was able to leave . But it was six hours later .
the vacation	The family had been so busy lately . They took a vacation to reconnect . They spent so much time together that week . They went to an amusement park . They were sad when it was time to go home .	We went to LOCATION on a vacation . We were there in February . I wanted to be cool and go back to school with a tan . I stayed out in the sun all day the last day of our trip . I went home with the worst sunburn you can imagine !	We embarked on a family vacation . Our destination was 5 hours away . There was a loud noise on the highway about one hour in . We pulled over to find a flat tire Vacation was over .	My wife and I decided to take a romantic vacation . We left our kids behind with relatives . We had a nice time and saw beautiful places . It was n't enough . We are still going through with the divorce .	The family decided to go on vacation . They went to PERSON . They visited the amusement park and the aquarium . The trip was a blast . The family was sad when they had to leave .	The PERSON family always went on vacation every year . One year they decided to make their vacation extra special . They planned and they planned and went to LOCATION for their trip . They saw all kinds of cool things and at all kinds of yummy food . From then on , they went to LOCATION every year .	The parents wanted to take their family on a vacation . They chose to go to LOCATION as the vacation spot . In LOCATION the family visited LOCATION LOCATION . In LOCATION LOCATION they saw the Pope and ate delicious food . After two weeks the family returned home excited for the next vacation .	The family could n't agree on a vacation spot . Some of them wanted to go to a beach . Others wanted to go hiking . They agreed to go to LOCATION LOCATION . They had an excellent trip !	PERSON had never left her state . She decided to go on vacation . She loaded up her car and drove towards the coast . She was amazed at all she was seeing ! PERSON decided she needed to vacation more in the future .
table	PERSON worked from home . He realized his home office was not a great working space . He decided to buy a new table . He bought a table . The table improved his home office .	PERSON 's kids hated coming inside to eat lunch . He thought they would like a picnic table so they could eat outside PERSON bought the lumber and screws to build them a special table . His drill was out of batteries ! PERSON used a hammer and nails instead , and the kids loved eating out .	There was lots of stuff on the table . I needed to eat my lunch . I took the stuff the table . I put my bowl on the table . I was able to eat my lunch .	PERSON had a very big table . He would use it everyday . One day , the table broke a leg . Then , PERSON had to rush to the store and get it fixed . Now , PERSON is able to eat on his table .	The boy sat at the table . He was expecting food . His mom saw him sitting there . She ignored him . The boy made his own food .	PERSON found a great table at a garage sale . But one of the legs was wobbly . It was slightly shorter than the other legs . PERSON was able to secure an inch of wood to even out the legs . She was proud of her handy craftsmanship !	PERSON has a daycare in her home and has 8 small children every day . She feeds the kids three times a day and puts them at her large table . The kids get her chairs dirty with food and milk on them . She bought a plastic kid 's picnic table that seats eight . Now when the table gets dirty , she can easily clean it off .	The woman set the table . There were four places set . More guests came for dinner than expected . She did not have enough clean place settings . She had to clean some more utensils .	PERSON was upset that her family could not eat at her small table . She searched stores but could not find one she could afford . PERSON then went to the hardware store and purchased supplies . Upon returning home she turned the supplies into her dream table . PERSON was proud when her family gathered around her table .
drink	I ordered my favorite drink this morning . Unfortunately , I forgot my wallet at home . Embarrassed , I walked away . The man behind me paid for my drink . I thanked him for his kindness .	PERSON went through the drive through of the mexican restaurant . He ordered a burrito and a side of beans . The lady at the window handed him his bag , but PERSON dropped it . He opened his truck door to pick it up , but hit the wall . PERSON was embarrassed and drove away without his burrito .	I wanted something to drink . I could n't find any ice . I did n't want to drink a room temperature soda . I ended up getting a glass of water . I sipped the water all day because I did n't like the taste .	She wanted to stop drinking sodas . She went to the store and bought a case of water bottles . She put them back after thinking about it . She bought a reusable bottle instead . She filled them with fruit and water to drink .	The man mixed a drink . It tasted very good . His friend asked for one . The man made his friend a drink . His friend gave the drink it 's own name .	I was on a bench in front of my building . I was reading a book and drinking soda . A cab pulled up with a man and a 4 year old child . The child ran over and drank from my soda . I laughed and gave him the can .	PERSON was camping with her dad . They spent a great night in a tent in the woods . But in the morning they realized they 'd forgotten their bottled water ! PERSON searched and finally found a cool clear stream . She and her dad knelt and drank until they were satiated !	PERSON was really thirsty . He went in the kitchen . He opened up the refrigerator . PERSON took out some water . He drank it to quench his thirst .	PERSON loved to drink . He would drink almost anything . One day , he decided he wanted some lemonade . He searched everywhere and could not find it . Eventually , he found some at his mom 's house .
summer camp	PERSON begged his parents to send him to summer camp . Finally they agreed . PERSON was ecstatic , sure he 'd love it . But when he arrived , he was instantly very homesick ! He spent the whole time waiting to return home !	I went to summer camp for the first time . I was very nervous and anxious . I did n't feel I would connect with anyone or make friends . Then I met PERSON while practicing a play . PERSON and I have been great friends all summer .	PERSON wanted to go to summer camp . PERSON 's step mother told her she had to stay home that summer to babies PERSON told her dad that it was n't fair for her to be forced to babysit PERSON 's dad agreed that it was unfair . PERSON signed up for camp .	PERSON was visiting summer camp for the first time . He was nervous that he would n't make any friends . He was sitting in the mess hall his first morning eating breakfast . To his delight , a group of boys invited him to sit with them . Soon he was close friends with all of them and loving it .	We went to this fun summer camp as kids . They had horseback riding and baseball and water sports . We would play all day and have so much fun . The one time I fell off the horse though and got hurt . But I did n't let it deter me from getting back on and always have fun .	Jared could n't wait for summer vacation . He was going to attend his first summer camp ! He day dreamed about all of the activities . When he was actually there , PERSON was surprised ! It was as thrilling as he pumped it up to be .	PERSON loved summer camp . He went every single year and had a great time . Eventually he got too old to go to summer camp . He was sad because he would miss it . He was able to become a camp counselor and continue going forever .	PERSON was apprehensive about summer camp . She was nervous about so many strangers . After the first day there she started to loosen up . By the end PERSON did n't want to go back home . She always cherished her summer there .	PERSON 's parents sent her off to sleepaway camp . The first night there , she was so homesick she could n't sleep . As the days went on , PERSON started to make friends . She had so much fun with them that she never wanted camp to end . When it was finally time to leave , she was sad to go home !
the break up	PERSON and PERSON were a popular couple at their high school . In public the put on a show of affection to prove the loved each other . But tonight they realized it was all a show . PERSON told PERSON she wanted to see other people . She was relieved when PERSON said he felt the same .	PERSON and his girlfriend had been having problems . They talked things out and stayed together . One night , PERSON hung up on his girlfriend because he got angry . He did n't answer when she called back . She broke up with him because he had done this before .	PERSON told PERSON he had met someone else . PERSON was devastated to lose PERSON her first boyfriend . PERSON sat inside her house , eating ice cream for a month . One day something snapped in PERSON and she realized she was over it . She grabbed her running shoes and got on with her life .	PERSON and PERSON decided to break up . It was on okay terms but they still lived together . They decided to wait until the lease was over . Unfortunately it was too uncomfortable . She wound up moving out far earlier .	PERSON needed to break up with his girlfriend . He drove to her house and knocked on her door . She answered a minute later and they began to talk . PERSON told her the bad news and she began to cry . PERSON left the scene and felt very bad about himself .	PERSON 's relationship had several problems . He felt that things could n't get fixed . PERSON decided to break up with his girlfriend . His girlfriend understood his position . She agreed with the decision to break up .	PERSON did n't trust his girlfriend . It caused problems in their relationship . They tried to work it out but it did n't work . PERSON decided to break up with her . It was messy but for the best .	PERSON was at the pool with her boyfriend . She noticed him checking out all of the bikini-clad girls . She was sick of his behavior and wanted to break up . The two began fighting and he tried to stop her . It was no use though , and she left the pool and his heart that day .	PERSON and PERSON had been dating for months . Things were going well but PERSON was moving . They both knew they could n't handle a long distance relationship . PERSON and PERSON decided to end things on good terms . They were able to remain friends .
bad dog	PERSON adopted a dog from the pound . He brought the dog home and tried to bond with it . The dog bit PERSON and made PERSON very mad . After trying to teach the dog , PERSON continued to be bit . PERSON took the dog back to the pound and returned it .	PERSON has a dog named PERSON . PERSON is not trained very well . PERSON 's friend PERSON tried to pet PERSON . PERSON got very defensive and bit PERSON 's hand . PERSON was very upset that PERSON 's dog bit him .	PERSON was walking with her headphones in one day . She was n't watching where she was going . She bumped into a very big dog on accident . The dog started to growl and bark at her . Luckily the owner came out and stopped the dog from attacking .	PERSON 's dog had been with her parent 's for a week . It had been used to running outside . When PERSON got home , she walked in the door to a mess . PERSON 's dog had destroyed the couch . She had to put the dog in the kennel from now on .	PERSON got a new dog . It behaved really terribly . PERSON tried everything to train it . Nothing seemed to ever work . PERSON kept the dog because he was attached to it , though .	Amber bought her family a dog . She found the dog at a shelter . The dog was nice at first . The dog bit one of her children . She returned the dog to the shelter .	PERSON was afraid of dogs . So she was nervous at her friend PERSON 's house . PERSON insisted that her dog was n't harmful . So PERSON tried to accept being around the dog . Before PERSON left PERSON 's house , PERSON 's finger was bit .	PERSON was taking his dog for a walk to the park . As he was approaching the park , he heard a scream . He rushes to the park to find someone being attacked by a dog . He helps the person by removing the dog and scaring him away . She is thankful and runs away to her house .	The neighbors treated the squirrel as if it was a pet . They fed it each day and talked to it when they were outside . One day , PERSON let his dog out in the back yard . He heard a lot of yelling and went to see what the problem was . PERSON 's dog was running with a squirrel tail hanging from his mouth .
loud music	PERSON lived in an apartment complex . He studies for college every night . The downstairs neighbor loves to play loud music . PERSON could n't focus on his studies . He decided to move to another apartment complex .	My son was playing his guitar especially loudly . I knocked equally loudly on his door . He timidly asked me what the problem was . I asked him to play only as loud as he was speaking then . He decided to play video games instead .	PERSON was trying to sleep . His neighbors were playing loud music . He tried to call the ask them to turn it down . Nobody answered . PERSON was forced to ask them in person .	PERSON moved into a new apartment in a new neighborhood . It was a lot of work to move the furniture and he was tired . His first night was peaceful , but the next day , he could n't sleep . His neighbor was listening to loud music . PERSON talked to the neighbor and the music stopped .	PERSON was sitting in class . And he noticed someone next to him listening to music . The person had earphones on . But the music was very audible . PERSON hated metal from then on .	PERSON put on his headphones and listened to really loud death metal . And the music helped him express his anger and anxiety . But after taking his headphones off , he head a ringing noise . He thought it would go away . But it lasted for the rest of his life .	PERSON moved into a new apartment . He was playing music one night . His neighbor knocked on his door to complain . PERSON apologized and said he did n't realize it was so late . The neighbors accepted and PERSON never did that again .	PERSON came home from work more tired than usual . Just as she began to relax the neighbor pulled up in his car . His music was so loud she could hear it in her house . She waited for him to turn the music off , but he did n't . 20 minutes late PERSON had a headache and was more tense than before .	PERSON loved loud music . PERSON constantly used headphones for his music . PERSON 's doctor warned him about hearing loss from loud music . PERSON realized he needed to start turning his music volume up more . PERSON listens to quieter music now .
caught cheating	I was driving to school . When I came on campus , I noticed two familiar people . They were making out in the parking lot . It was PERSON and PERSON . Although PERSON is in a relationship , he decided to kiss PERSON .	PERSON was in a long term relationship . He became bored and started cheating . Eventually his girlfriend found out . She decided to break up with him . PERSON was actually relieved .	PERSON was playing poker with friends . He was losing pretty badly . PERSON decided to try and cheat . He was caught pretty easily . PERSON 's friends kicked him out of the game .	PERSON 's wife loved him . She caught him cheating . She wound up forgiving him . PERSON cheated again . She kept forgiving him .	PERSON was unhappy in his relationship . He decided to cheat . His girlfriend noticed a message on his facebook . She figured out what he was doing . They broke up soon after .	PERSON was cheating on his wife . One day he forgot to delete a text message . His wife saw it and freaked out . PERSON had to come clean . They wound up divorcing soon after .	PERSON was eating out with friends . He noticed his girlfriend at the same restaurant . She had said she was sick and staying home . PERSON noticed she was with someone else . He stopped talking to her that same night .	PERSON was a good student . He was doing poorly in one class . He could n't handle the idea of getting a bad grade . He tried cheating but was n't good at it . PERSON got caught and was flunked .	PERSON was in a loveless relationship . He cheated often . One time his wife caught him . PERSON hoped it would be the end of the relationship . Unfortunately his wife did n't leave .
broken phone	PERSON was excited to get a new iPhone . The first thing he did was set his morning alarm . He 'd had problems waking up in the past . That first morning , the alarm went off and would n't stop . In a sleepy daze , PERSON tossed the phone across the room and broke it .	PERSON loved his smart phone very much . It kept all sorts of important information that he used regularly . When it was raining , PERSON dropped his phone in a puddle ! It would n't turn on anymore , so PERSON took it to the store . They had to give PERSON a new phone , but luckily restored all his data .	PERSON got upset when her phone fell on the ground . The screen had cracked and she could n't see anything anymore . She went to a store to have it repaired . But the price asked was as high as a new phone . Resigned , PERSON went to another store and bought a new phone .	PERSON was walking with his phone in his hand . He was n't paying any attention to where he was going . His head was down and he mindlessly walked into a tree . His phone fell from his hands landing face down , he hoped it was ok . When he picked it up he realized it had shattered into pieces .	PERSON wanted to get a new phone . He did not want to buy one unnecessarily because he did n't need it . Last night after work , he was walking to the car when his phone fell . It fell face down and shattered and nothing would turn on . He had no choice but to buy a new one to replace it .	A high school was walking around town when she dropped her phone . The screen was shattered and she needed to fix it now . She went to the phone store to see what they could do for her . They offered to fix it for a price . The girl payed the cashier and got her precious phone fixed !	Yesterday I threw my jeans in the wash . When I took them out I was upset . I realized I left my phone in there . I was rather upset . I had to buy a new one .	Yesterday I went to the mall to shop . I had a lot of fun . However to my dismay , my cell phone broke . I dropped it and the screen cracked . Luckily I got it fixed that day .	I was walking down the street with my phone . Suddenly , I tripped and dropped the phone . The phone shattered into many pieces . I started to cry because I had no money . Fortunately , I found a winning lottery ticket on the ground nearby .
black friday	Every year my mother and I go Black Friday shopping . This year I dread cooking all day and shopping all night . I started flipping through ads this morning online . I found out some stores offer deals online ! I 'm happy we can just hang out with our family and shop online .	Waiting all day had finally paid off . I was one of the first of dozens into the store this morning . When the doors opened , I went straight to the electronics section . I got the tv , put it in a cart , and went straight to check out . Once it was paid for , I got in my vehicle and headed straight home .	PERSON decided to go shopping on Black Friday for the first time ever . He woke up at 3:00 AM and left the house by 3:30 AM . He stood in line at Best Buy for an hour in the cold ! There were a lot of people in the store , but he was able to find a TV . During his drive home , PERSON vowed to never shop on Black Friday again .	PERSON was very excited for black friday . She was hoping to get a great deal on a new TV . When she arrived at the store it was more crowded than she expected . She worked her way to the TV section in hopes of finding a good deal . All of the TVs were sold out , she went home very sad .	PERSON left early to go stand in line for the big sale . PERSON was surprised at how many people were ahead of her . There was a mad rush as the doors were opened . PERSON stood back and watched while people were trampled and crushed . PERSON browsed the store calmly as the medics aided the other shoppers .	PERSON wanted to shop for black friday . There was a great deal on the ps4 . He got there and there was chaos . He was n't able to get the ps4 due to the amount of people . He waited for cyber monday .	My husband and I went to Walmart on Black Friday . We waited until a bit later , hoping the crowd had died down . There really was n't anything we needed too badly . The place was still packed when we got there . It took us about 30 minutes just to check out .	PERSON poured over the ads . She was looking for the best Black Friday ads . She found a great deal on a TV . She decided to wait in line that night to buy it . She could n't wait to get it home !	PERSON loved to go shopping on Black Friday . She planned out her shopping strategy a month in advance . This year , she was hoping to get an especially great deal on a PS3 . But in the tussling crowd , she was pushed over and broke her wrist . Not even the best deals were worth the hassle that year !
school	PERSON was a senior in high school . He never had a girlfriend . Finally , met a girl name katie . They have begin together over five years now . They were highschool sweethearts and are now married with kids .	June has a test at school . She stayed up all night studying . The next morning she felt sick . She went to school anyway . When she got to school she got sick and missed her test .	PERSON is starting school in a few days . He first went shopping for a new backpack . He then bought the supplies for school . The day before school he prepared his supplies and backpack . PERSON had a great first day of school .	PERSON already worked a full-time job . But he wanted to make more money . So he enrolled in school . There , he earned a certificate for metal working . Then he got a $ 4 raise at his job !	PERSON was starting a new school in the morning . She was nervous she would not make friends . When she got to school , she was assigned to a homeroom . While there , she immediately met a new friend . PERSON knew this year would be fun .	PERSON wanted to be a doctor . He studied very hard . He passed all of his exams with flying colors . He graduated at the top of his class . PERSON is now a very good doctor .	PERSON did not enjoy school . However , PERSON was very smart and did well in school . After he graduated he got a well paying job . This job made PERSON feel like school was worth it . PERSON now encourages others to do well in school .	PERSON had her first day of school starting today . Her mother packed her lunch box and got her clothes ready . She was excited at the thought of meeting new friends . When she arrived she found someone to talk to . They spent the entire day together .	PERSON just started at a high school . He was used to being popular . However , things had changed . He had to make new friends . PERSON finally gained his popularity back .
snow storm	PERSON decided to go skiing in a snowstorm . His friends told him it was a bad idea . He set out against howling winds and pelting snow . Finally , he made it to the bottom of the diamond run . He had a cup of hot chocolate with his friends at the lodge .	I was driving home when a big storm hit . The snow was intense and blinding . I had to pull over to the side of the road to be safe . It did n't stop for hours . I was stuck until a tow truck arrived after the storm .	PERSON was driving to a friend 's house when a big snow storm came up . She had to pull over and spend the night at a hotel . It snowed all through the night . The next morning , the roads were icy and dangerous . PERSON had to cancel her trip and go home for her own safety .	PERSON was getting ready for the big snow storm . He had a shovel , but did not have salt to melt the ice . PERSON went to the store to buy the salt . He was able to buy the last bag of salt . PERSON got home right as the snow began to fall .	When I was 20 , I drove to LOCATION . I was visiting a friend who was going to LOCATION . A huge snow storm hit right after I dropped him off . I was trapped in my little car in the snow . I spent the entire night in a gas station parking lot .	During a big snow storm , I woke up one night . My neighbor 's cat was screaming to get in . After half an hour my neighbor did n't open her door . As the cat was still screaming for help , I went downstairs . My neighbor opened the door , she screamed at me , and left the cat out .	PERSON was poor . He could n't afford to keep the heat on during winter . A strong snow storm hit . PERSON was n't able to keep warm . He died of hypothermia .	PERSON lived in area that had a lot of snowstorms . The storms could be pretty bad , leaving roads impassable . PERSON always listened to the weather station during storm times . One morning while driving to work a big storm was predicted . He turned his car around and went home , in order to be safe .	PERSON and her friends are excited there is a big snowstorm coming . While they are in school , it starts to snow . Their teacher tells them there will be no school the next day . PERSON and her friends are so excited for a snow day the next day ! After school , they go outside and play in the snow !
spaghetti sauce	Mom makes the best spaghetti sauce . As she was cooking , she got a phone call . She was not paying attention and put in too much salt . She served the sauce and everyone ate it . When mom tasted it , she could n't believe how bad it was .	PERSON was cooking spaghetti for dinner . She went pick up the groceries from the store . The tomatoes appeared to be rotten . PERSON picked up a jar of spaghetti sauce . She used pre made sauce instead of homemade .	PERSON wanted to impress her boyfriend with an authentic Italian dinner She made spaghetti sauce from scratch . She sauteed vegetables and pureed her own tomatoes . They sat down to eat and PERSON tasted the sauce . It was not good but he ate it anyway .	PERSON was making her famous spaghetti sauce . As she was adding salt , the top came loose . She poured almost the entire container in her sauce . PERSON was not able to scoop it all out . Her family promised it was okay but PERSON knew it was horrible .	PERSON made spaghetti for her boyfriend . She was proud of herself for completing the recipe . Her boyfriend said it was delicious . PERSON finally tasted it and it was good . She was so happy that dinner turned out well .	PERSON had a recipe for spaghetti sauce . He had never tried it before . He bought all the ingredients . He followed it step by step . When he tasted it , it was the best ever .	PERSON was cooking spaghetti . She was making the sauce from scratch . As she was cooking , she got distracted . When she was adding the spices , she poured in too much garlic . Everyone said the sauce tasted good despite the extra garlic .	I used to cook with spaghetti sauce from a jar . I began learning that preservatives are harmful to us . I started making spaghetti sauce from scratch . I put in lots of vegetables . People ask for it for special occasions because they love it !	PERSON was making spaghetti sauce . As she was making her sauce , she reached for the garlic powder . However , the top fell off . Her entire sauce was full of garlic . Luckily , her family loved garlic .
PERSON gets fired	PERSON was a delivery boy for a pizza restaurant . He was making a delivery on his bike . He tripped over a rock on the street . He fell and all the pizzas fell onto the ground . PERSON got fired from his job for not being careful .	PERSON was a fast food worker . She did n't pay much attention to her job . One day she was supposed to be taking an order . She was caught in the back texting . She was fired on the spot .	PERSON was the manager of a restaurant . She had not been meeting the expectations of her job . She was careless in her work . Her boss fired her for talking on her phone too much . PERSON filed for unemployment at her local government office after .	PERSON is working at his radio job . He is being a goofball on air . After the show his boss asks to speak with him . He is told that his behavior is unacceptable . PERSON is fired from his job .	PERSON hates his job . Everyday at work he gets angry and says mean things to people . PERSON 's boss gave him a verbal warning about his attitude at work . Currently PERSON is on a performance plan at work . Next month PERSON will be fired .	PERSON is a nurse at health center . She loves her job . One day PERSON overheard her boss talking . The boss was being sexiest and PERSON confronted him . PERSON was fired on the spot for the accusations .	PERSON struggles to support his family . He often takes things home from work . PERSON 's boss finds out about this . PERSON is called into his boss 's office for a talk . PERSON is fired on the spot .	PERSON was feeling tired at work . She decided to make herself a cup of coffee in the break room . PERSON fell asleep while making the coffee . Her boss found her asleep in the break room . PERSON was fired for sleeping on the job .	PERSON was a banker . He was good at his job . One day he was caught goofing off at work . His boss warned him . PERSON continued to do it and was eventually fired .
siblings	I once owned two german shepherd dogs . They were brother and sister . They spent their whole lives together . One day the boy dog died . His sister was very depressed for a long time after that .	Young PERSON wanted adopt a dog . Her older brother , PERSON , knew what that meant . If PERSON got a dog , it would be his responsibility to take care of . Instead , PERSON convinced Lilo to get a pet fish . PERSON does n't have to worry too much about a pet fish .	PERSON and his wife are debating to have a second kid . Chuck only wants the one kid he has . His wife has always wanted two kids . She says that they will be more social with siblings . PERSON gives in and they have a second child .	PERSON had never met her sister before . Her parents always said that they looked incredibly similar . One day she planned a meeting with her over Facebook . They met at a restaurant and talked over dinner . After that they had weekly dinner meetings to talk .	PERSON met PERSON at a family reunion . They were close in age , but were n't sure how they were related . The girls bonded over things they both liked . PERSON and PERSON eventually talked about a cousin named PERSON . They realized they were sisters !	PERSON 's friend PERSON was coming over to visit . When she got off the bus she was pushing a stroller . Her mother made her bring her brother and sister . PERSON would have to help her watch the kids . That ruined PERSON 's plans to go bike riding .	PERSON was always mean to his little sister . He picked on her when his parents were n't around . He scared her with strange stories at night . Fed up , his sister told on him . PERSON ended up getting severely grounded for his actions .	PERSON 's parents took in a foster son . At first PERSON was jealous . She did not want a brother stealing her mom 's attention ! But soon she grew to like the little boy . She was happy when her parents officially adopted him .	My son and daughter are best friends . They do fight quite often even so . I am often tempted to get involved in the fighting . I have learned to stay out of it . I know that after each fight they always return to being best friends .
gaming	PERSON enjoyed playing video games at PERSON 's house . John noticed PERSON was irritated during the game . John always won the game . PERSON thought it was funny his friend would get upset . PERSON never lost to his friend in that game .	PERSON loved playing video games . PERSON decided to become a video game developer . PERSON studied very hard in school and went to college . After graduating college PERSON was offered several jobs in gaming . PERSON selected his dream job and designed his own video game .	PERSON likes video games . He really wanted a new game . Everybody else also wanted the same new game . PERSON waited in line for a copy of the new game . He played the game for hours when he got home .	A team competed in an NBA 2K tournament . They did really good in the rounds . They went to LOCATION LOCATION to compete . They performed really well ! They won the competition .	PERSON went to the casino with $ 20 , hoping to win big . But she lost $ 1 at a time until she was almost broke ! She bet her very last dollar at slots . To her surprise , alarms started ringing . Min had won the $ 5000 jackpot !	PERSON spent a lot of time playing video games . A new video game was coming out soon . PERSON saved up money so that he could buy it . When the game came out he bought it immediately . He spent the next week playing the game .	My mother teased me for playing too many videogames . I practiced competitive games with my friends . I entered a tournament with a lot of prize money . I earned $ 10,000 with my win in the tournament . My mother actually apologized to me for the teasing .	PERSON likes to play video games . He is a very competitive person . When he gets a game he tries to be the very best at it . PERSON 's family wishes that he did not play so many games . PERSON often misses things because he would rather be playing games .	PERSON and his brother were invited to a PERSON PERSON party / The party was at Cody 's best friend PERSON 's house . They played PERSON PERSON all day and had a ton of fun . Once it got late at night they were forced to go to bed . In the morning they went home excited for the next game day .
gum	The family drove up the mountain . Everybody 's ears started popping . One of the kids thought it hurt . The mom told them chewing gum would help . They all chewed a piece of gum .	PERSON got in trouble for chewing gum in class . She promised not to do it again . But then she found it was easier said than done ! Chewing gum was a serious habit with PERSON . In the end , she was caught twice more and given detention .	PERSON was chewing gum and blowing bubbles . The gum fell out of her mouth and into her long hair . She panicked and tried to carefully remove it . The gum stretched , but it stayed stuck . PERSON had to use scissors to get the gum out of her hair .	PERSON loved chewing gum . He learned that some gum types are bad for health . PERSON searched many stores for the best gum . PERSON found one with healthy ingredients . PERSON bought a large quantity of the healthy gum .	Frank decided to get some gum . He went to the store . There was a giant gum display . He picked out a pack he liked . Frank paid for the gum .	PERSON was a professional basketball player . He enjoyed the game very much . He would always chew gum during the games . During a press conference he was asked why he chews gum . He calmly replied that it makes him play better .	I just got braces . The orthodontist told me not to chew gum . I did n't care to listen to her . I chewed gum . It got stuck in my braces and I had to pay to fix the damages .	My friend was being mean to me . I decided to put some gum in his hair . Alas , he figured out it was me . He slapped me across the face . I decided that he was n't a true friend so I ditched him .	Everyone in high school loves gum . PERSON pulled out a piece . Everybody started harassing her for gum . She felt awkward and anxious . She gave a piece to everyone in the room .
false alarm	PERSON was preparing for bed late one night . He suddenly heard a scream from the apartment next to his . He ran outside , approaching the other apartment door . He banged on the door . When the door was opened , PERSON learned he had heard their television !	PERSON was watching a horror movie . His neighbors got worried and called the cops . PERSON was shocked when they showed up at his door . He explained the situation . The cops told him to turn the volume down .	PERSON recently was woken up by his buildings fire alarm . PERSON quickly grabbed his keys , phone , and wallet . PERSON rushed down the stairs , and waited in the parking lot . However , the building manager told PERSON that it was a false alarm . PERSON was furious that he got out of bed for a false alarm .	I heard on the news one afternoon an alarming report . The announcer said that we should keep watch for tornadoes . This made me very nervous . I went to bed that night with a flashlight and my car keys nearby . I woke up the next morning to find nothing had happened !	PERSON was sitting in class one day . A voice came over the intercom . The voice warned teachers to lock their doors from a gunman . PERSON sat for hours while the police searched the school . It turned out to be a false alarm and students went home .	After lunch , my stomach started to growl . It was also grumbling . Since the pain was intolerable , I decided to go the school 's clinic . The doctor checked on me . I found out that I just had a minor stomach ache .	PERSON had n't studied for her geography exam . She was nervous about taking the test in the next period . PERSON pulled the fire alarm to get out of the class . A teacher had seen PERSON pull the alarm . PERSON was given suspension for her actions .	When I was moving a few boxes , I tripped over a chair and fell . There was a sharp pain in my leg so my roommate drove me to a hospital A doctor came in and he took an xray to see if anything was broken . He came back in with the image and everything looked okay . He suggested that I take it easy the next day so we promptly left .	PERSON went for a bathroom break . He was too annoyed from today 's lecture in class . In order to end class , he touched the fire alarm . The entire school had to evacuate the building . PERSON was eventually suspended from school .
prison	PERSON had an argument with his dad . In a state of rage , he murdered his dad . He tried to run away but the police caught him . He pleaded guilty . He was sentenced to prison for life .	PERSON was doing a life sentence in prison . She met PERSON , another prisoner , in a work program . She and PERSON fell in love . They married behind bars . PERSON realized how much better her life was for PERSON , even in jail !	The man went to prison . He was innocent . He asked for another trial . It took five years to get one . He was found to be innocent .	PERSON went for a walk . He passed the old prison he used to work at . He saw a prisoner looking out the window at him . PERSON felt grateful he had his freedom . He smiled and continued walking .	PERSON made a plan to escape from prison . He told his cellmate the plan . His cellmate agreed to help . One morning the guards searched his cell . PERSON 's cellmate had turned him in .	The man went to prison . His cellmate tried to bully the man . The man fought his cellmate . He hurt his cellmate badly . The man got respect in the prison .	PERSON was addicted to heroin . She was caught stealing to fund her habit . The judge sent her to prison for four years . There , she finally got clean . PERSON left prison a very changed woman .	I was sentenced to prison for murdering my wife . Prison was scary and I cried every day . Eventually , I joined a prison gang . They became my best friends . I realized that prison was actually fun !	I had murdered my uncle . The police arrested me . I was sentenced to prison for life . In prison , the inmates were mean to me . Luckily , I joined a gang and was able to have their protection .
PERSON loses the game	PERSON is the star player . He has a chance to win the game . The ball is thrown to him . He reaches out to catch it . He misses it and loses the game .	Jeff is up to bat . His team is losing . PERSON knows he has to get a hit . The ball comes to the plate . Jeff swings and misses .	PERSON was the star quarterback . PERSON was playing in the big game . PERSON 's team is down 4 points . PERSON attempts to run for a touchdown . He is tackled before he can score and loses the game .	PERSON is a basketball player . She is asked to shoot the game winning shot . The shot is no good . PERSON puts her head down and walks off the court defeated . She lost the game for her team .	PERSON is playing in a football game . PERSON is the star receiver for the team . PERSON knows the ball is coming his way to score a touchdown . PERSON runs deep and the ball is thrown to him . PERSON drops the pass and loses the game .	PERSON was the team 's best hockey player . PERSON did not play well in the team 's game . PERSON gave up a game winning goal to the other team . The team was upset at Gus . PERSON retired .	PERSON was playing in a basketball game . It was the championship game . PERSON wanted the ball for the last shot . The ball is passed to PERSON . He shoots and misses and loses the game for the team .	PERSON is playing a game of basketball . He is down by just one basket . PERSON goes up to shoot the game winning shot . PERSON misses the shot badly . PERSON was so disappointed he lost the game .	PERSON is playing a game of basketball . He is so confident he can win . PERSON is losing by two points . PERSON goes for the game winning shot . He misses the shot and loses the game .
blind date	PERSON 's friend PERSON set him up on a blind date with a woman named Sue . He had n't been on a date in nearly a year , so he agreed . When he got to the restaurant , he stood where they were to meet . A few minutes later , his cousin PERSON walked up . They laughed as the realized they had been set up on a date !	PERSON was going on a blind date . She was supposed to meet PERSON at a restaurant . On the way there , PERSON 's car broke down . By the time she got to the restaurant , PERSON was gone . PERSON thought fate was keeping her from finding the right man .	PERSON 's friends set him up with a blind date . PERSON was nervous about doing this . PERSON knocked on the girl 's door , flowers in hand . When the door opened PERSON was absolutely floored . The girl turned out to be drop dead beautiful .	PERSON had been single for a while . Against her will , she agreed to go on a blind date her friends set up . She met her date PERSON at a restaurant for dinner , then a movie . To her surprise , both people had a great time ! Before parting ways , they planned a second date !	PERSON 's buddy set him up on a blind date . PERSON was worried because the girl was described as being nice / In his experience , a girl described as nice was usually unattractive . PERSON rang the girl 's doorbell , ready to be disappointed . PERSON was thrilled when she opened the door , as she was beautiful !	Sue 's friends set her up on date . She did not want to go . She knew it would not work . She finally agreed to go . Her friends had found the perfect match for her .	PERSON was very nervous about her blind date later that evening . After many outfit changes , she decided on jeans and a sweater . PERSON was five minutes early to the agreed upon restaurant . She was surprised to find herself enjoying her dinner date . After lingering over dessert for an hour , they planned a second date .	PERSON 's best friend set her up on a blind date . PERSON met her date , PERSON , at the local Italian restaurant . At first , PERSON was very shy . After PERSON told a few jokes , PERSON became more comfortable . Following dinner , the two exchanged phone numbers and kissed goodbye .	PERSON decided to go on a blind date with PERSON . He sent PERSON his picture so she would know who she was meeting . They decided to meet at a bar the following night . PERSON was late getting to the bar , which made PERSON upset . PERSON decided she was not interested in PERSON , and left .
making dinner	I came home from work and was very hungry . I looked through my fridge for some food . I found a bag of pasta and decided to cook it . I put a pan on the stove and put the food in it . I cooked the pasta and enjoyed it .	PERSON and her grandma were going to cook dinner together . Grandma wanted to make salmon croquettes . PERSON measured out and poured the ingredients into the bowl . She mixed it all together with her hands . PERSON felt like a big help as she watched grandma fry the croquettes .	PERSON decided to make dinner one night . She was not a great cook , so came up with a simple recipe . PERSON was first to try it , and he said it came out great . PERSON reluctantly tried it and expected the worse . The meal actually came out good and they both enjoyed it .	Last night I tried to cook dinner for my family . I decided on an easy stew and mashed potatoes . The stew boiled over and nearly burned down the kitchen . The potatoes were burned on the outside and frozen on the inside . So we ordered pizza instead .	Jarred loved to cook . He really loved cooking for people as well . He was cooking for his family tonight . He worked long and hard to make a great meal . Everyone loved it and had seconds .	PERSON never knew how to cook . He just recently started living on his own . He tried to cook dinner for the first time . He did better than he expected . It motivated him to cook more .	Growing up my parents always made or bought me dinner . I never had to cook for myself . Now I 'm moving in with my girlfriend . She works during the day and expects me to cook for us . I have been quietly learning recipes online during each day .	I asked to help PERSON with dinner tonight . I helped make meat balls . I ground the meat with my hands . It was squishy and fun ! I made such a big mess I had to take a bath !	I did n't know what to make for dinner last night . There were n't many options in the refrigerator . I wound up ordering Chinese food instead . It did n't solve the refrigerator problem . At least I 'm full now .
writer	PERSON always wanted to be a writer . He started writing at a young age . He wrote his first novel at 15 . PERSON submitted the book to publishers . The book was published and PERSON became famous .	PERSON wanted to be a newspaper journalist . He tried out for the school paper , but they declined his membership . Then he decided to write on his own . He penned some articles , Xeroxed them and passed them out . His classmates all loved his well-written editorials !	PERSON was trying to write poems . As he rejected each one , he crumpled it up . Then he threw it at the wastebasket in his corner . Soon he had a whole pile of papers near there . PERSON was better at throwing paper than writing poems !	PERSON had always dreamed of writing a novel . She started writing one the year she turned 30 . It took a lot of research and time to put it all together . Finally it was finished . PERSON 's dream came true when her book got published .	PERSON likes to write fiction . She submitted a story she 'd written to a magazine . The magazine published the story in their fall issue . PERSON was paid $ 500 for the story . She used the money to buy a new wardrobe .	PERSON wanted to become a writer . PERSON took a leave of absence from work to create a novel . PERSON stared at his blank computer screen , with major writer 's block . PERSON decided to just begin typing his thoughts as they occurred . PERSON wound up writing a Pulitzer Prize winning book !	PERSON loved to write in school . He decided he did not want to work at an office . PERSON thought of what jobs he should apply for . He was talking to PERSON when he realized his destiny . PERSON decided to apply to be a writer for a living !	Will had a story floating around in his mind . Will started writing out the story , a couple hours every evening . After about six months of this , PERSON had a book-length story . Will sent it off to an editor friend of his . Now Will is a published author !	PERSON was writing her first novel . Her computer crashed and she lost all of her data . PERSON was worried she would have to start over . She remembered she made a backup last week . PERSON was happy to have recovered her work .
PERSON the cat	Van the cat meowed loudly in the morning . He woke his owner up . His owner fed PERSON . PERSON ate the food . PERSON planned to wake his owner up the next day too .	PERSON the cat was recently adopted by a nice family of three . They had never had a cat before but they were excited to have PERSON . When PERSON arrived at home he was excited and he started to explore . He jumped and pounced and everything and it scared his new family ! They soon got used to PERSON and he was loved by all .	PERSON was looking to adopt a cat from the animal shelter . She had done research on what type of cat she was looking to get . PERSON went downtown and saw hundreds of animals that needed homes . There was a kitten named PERSON in a cage that made her heart melt . She adopted PERSON and brought her back home .	PERSON was a kitten four months old . All of his brothers and sisters had been adopted from the shelter . But there PERSON stayed very sadly . One day a woman came into the shelter . PERSON was adopted and is now over ten years old .	PERSON had been taken back to the pound by her previous owner . She is not a friendly cat . One day a man walked into the pound . It was love at first site . The man took her home and gave her a place to live .	PERSON 's cat PERSON seemed not to be feeling too well . So he decided to take PERSON to the vet . PERSON took PERSON to the vet . The vet examined PERSON and gave him some medicine . Two or three days passed and PERSON noticed that PERSON seemed better .	PERSON once was a little cat . He was small and never ate . A family took him in and fed him well . PERSON then began to eat more . Now , little PERSON is a big fat cat .	PERSON had just gotten a new cat . He named his cat PERSON . PERSON peed on the floor of PERSON 's apartment . PERSON scrubbed the carpet on his apartment for hours . He was able to get the smell out eventually .	Magick is a black cat . Magick likes catnip . PERSON 's owner bought him a bag of catnip . Magick rolled in the catnip . PERSON slept great that night .
the train	Frank had never been on a train before . He was excited , but a little nervous . The train left the station as Frank found his seat . He looked out the window as the countryside rolled by . He really enjoyed riding on the train .	The family boarded the train . They were traveling to the city . The ride was smooth and fast . When they arrived , they were glad they did n't have to find parking . Traveling by train was very convenient !	The family packed up their suitcases . They boarded the train . They were going into the city for the weekend . When they arrived , they all climbed off the train . They were happy not to mess with their car while visiting .	The man commuted every day . He got on the train at five in the morning . He worked while he rode for two hours . In the evening , he 'd get back on the train . He spent so much time in the train it started to feel like home .	Today I took a train to meet my friends . The train was very loud and made it hard to sleep . I tried to take some sleeping pills to help me sleep . I fell asleep so hard that I missed my stop . I called my friends and bought a new ticket to meet up with them .	I 've always liked trains . I was excited when I won a free trip on one . I did n't expect to win . Unfortunately I could n't take the time off work . So I had to sell the tickets to a friend .	Fran was confused . She wanted to get from NYC to LOCATION LOCATION . She was n't sure what train she should take . She asked the conductor and he helped her . Fran was thankful for nice people !	PERSON needed a vacation ! He did not know how to travel . A plane was too expensive . A car was too slow . He took the train and had the best vacation ever !	The train pulled into the station . PERSON and his brother hopped on board . They were heading back home . They packed their bags and took their seats . The train started to move , they were on the way back .
police	My daughter 's best friend in school was the niece of a cop . He was a beat cop in our neighborhood . He was friendly to our family . One day I saw him handle a domestic incident in our building . He did look very friendly then .	PERSON become a police officer . He was happy because he had been trying to get a job for a while . It took him three Years to become a cop . He now is dedicated to patrolling the streets . He loves his job and gets to protect citizens !	PERSON was jogging . He was on his way to work . He was stopped by a police officer . The police officer did not believe he was going to work . PERSON was late to work .	My wife was annoying me . I decided to punch her . She called the police . They arrested me for domestic violence . I realized that I had treated my wife very badly .	Laby cocked her gun and prepared to enter the house . She heard a noise inside and approached cautiously . She saw a flash as someone ran past the door . She ran in yelling police and to stop running . She saw a man standing with his hands in the air shaking .	I went to my friend 's house . She called the police . She told me I should have known not to contact her . I had known her three years before that . She did not want to make up .	PERSON did not know there was a band called The Police . She thought people were talking about actual police officers . She thought the police put on benefit concerts occasionally . When she learned the truth , she was embarrassed . She liked the music of The Police , though , so it was n't all bad .	I live in a very small mountain town . There is very little crime out here , and almost no serious crime . I 've seen the cops a few times . Once , there were about 10 of them all with AR-15s . I worry about the small town police becoming a military-minded team .	I recently got in trouble with the police for a traffic stop . But what took me by surprise , was how polite the officer was . The news associated with them is they 're very angry and this and that . But he was nice , and even helped me out on a lesser charge . I drove off happily knowing that not all cops are bad .
bad food	A new restaurant opened up next door . I went there for lunch . I ordered the fish sandwich . After lunch , I was sick ! I decided not to go back to that restaurant .	I went out to eat today . The food was standard . Then I took it home , I got the wrong food . I was bummed .	PERSON was walking home from school . And he was very hungry . He saw a McDonald 's and reluctantly went inside . He ordered a burger and a chocolate shake . But afterwards , he struggled to keep walking .	PERSON was asked out on a date by PERSON . The two of them went to a local restaurant . When they got there they started eating . PERSON hated the food . It was nearly inedible .	PERSON and PERSON went to a Thai restaurant . Their food came very late . And it was cold . Both of them complained . And they got a refund .	PERSON went on a date with PERSON . She was excited to go out with him . But the food was terrible . PERSON was not impressed . She never wanted to eat there again .	PERSON and PERSON loved to try out new restaurants . A new buffet had opened up down the street from their home . They decided to go check it out . They went to the buffet for dinner . The next day they both felt ill from food poisoning .	PERSON ate out at a new restaurant . The next day he was really sick . PERSON went to his doctor 's office . They informed him that it was food poisoning . PERSON never at at that restaurant again .	I was looking forward to going to a restaurant recommended by friends . My friends told me that you have to try the fish . My husband and I both ordered the fish and got ill . The diagnosis in the emergency room was food poisoning . We reported the restaurant to the health department .
drawing	PERSON drew a picture in her notebook . PERSON saw the picture over her shoulder . PERSON asked PERSON to draw a picture of him . PERSON drew PERSON with big muscles . PERSON hung the drawing in his home .	PERSON thought she would never be good at drawing . But she noticed that other artists spent more time drawing than she . PERSON decided to draw more often . And she became more confident in her drawing ability . Years later , PERSON was glad her persistence paid off .	PERSON was in art class . She was supposed to draw a shoe . Her art teacher saw her drawing . He said it was the best in the class . He gave her bonus points .	PERSON wished she could draw a beautiful horse for her mother . She tried a few times and failed miserably . She found a video on the internet that taught her how to draw one . She watched the video and practiced a lot . PERSON now has a beautiful horse picture to give to her mother .	Raven drew some doodles . People in her class all watched her . They really liked it . They started asking her to draw for them . She got money for it .	I was always interested in animated films as a kid . I watched lots of movies with talking animals . I drew all the time . My art style was influenced by animation . Now I 'm a cartoonist .	PERSON loves to draw . But she wanted to get better at drawing . So she began taking lessons on how to draw . She finished the drawing course in 6 weeks . PERSON loves to draw even more now that 's trained to do so .	I was drawing at my house with a friend . I wanted to draw a wolf . My friend drew one really well . I was sad that I could n't draw that well . Fortunately , my friend decided that he would teach me to draw .	PERSON 's goal was to learn how to draw well . He read books about perspective , shading , and anatomy . But whenever he practiced drawing , he was disappointed in his results . Eventually , he became too frustrated and never drew again . A year later , he thought of how much progress he could have made .
mirror	PERSON was brushing her teeth when she saw a mosquito in the bathroom . She panicked and threw a brush at it . Unfortunately , the brush missed and shattered the mirror . Glass shards fell to the ground . PERSON grimaced , knowing that breaking a mirror was bad luck .	PERSON looked in the mirror . He thought he looked ugly . He did n't like what he saw . It turned out the mirror was dirty . He cleaned it and he looked great .	PERSON looked at the mirror . She saw it was cracked . She went to talk to her husband . His hand was bloody . She knew he could n't control his anger .	Frank accidentally broke the mirror in his room . So he needed to get a replacement . So Frank drove to the store to get a new one . Frank found a very nice one for cheap . Frank got it and took it home .	I accidentally broke a mirror this morning . I was moving it into another room . It slipped out of my hands . It shattered on the ground before I could catch it . Now I 'm afraid of having bad luck .	She tried her coffee and started reading her book . The first sentence said `` she tried her coffee . '' The next sentence was `` she started reading her book . '' Confused , she stood up and looked at herself in the mirror . She saw herself trying her coffee and reading a book .	PERSON lived alone in an apartment . He noticed his mirror was dirty . He was too lazy to clean it . Eventually he became fed up with the sub-par apartment . He cleaned the entire apartment and became happy with his apartment .	PERSON had a very big mirror . In fact , it was taller than him . One morning , PERSON decided he was going to move the mirror . Then , he realized that he had forgotten the mirror in his car . Finally after getting the mirror , PERSON was able to put it away .	PERSON looked in the mirror all the time . She always wanted to make sure she looked her best . PERSON was very self conscious . She always had a mirror within arms reach . She eventually made her own mirrors because they meant so much to her .
jury duty	PERSON got an letter for Jury Duty . She threw it always like she always did . Three months later she got another letter . It was a letter to appear in court for missing jury duty . It seems PERSON would now have a jury deciding her fate .	Shiloh received a letter in the mail to report to jury duty . Most people hate jury duty but Shiloh was ecstatic to go . He had been watching Judge PERSON since he was a kid . When he arrived to jury duty it was the best day of his life . Standing at the front of the courtroom was none other than Judge PERSON .	PERSON got a paper in the mail . She had been summoned for jury duty ! She went downtown and sat in on her assigned trial . She learned the facts and then cast a vote about the defendant . PERSON enjoyed being part of the judicial process very much .	Harry got a summons for a jury . He attended a meeting . He was asked some questions . Harry was removed from the jury as a result of his answers . PERSON had a free afternoon .	LOCATION had to go to jury duty . She was put in a room with other people . They called her name . She walked forward . LOCATION was put on a jury and told when to show up for court .	Sue was chosen for jury duty . She was so excited . She had always wanted jury duty . However the case she got was boring . Sue spent all day at courthouse being bored .	PERSON got an official notice in the mail . She opened it and saw she was summoned for jury duty . She thought she 'd hate it ! But as she spent time listening to the case , she changed her mind . PERSON found that jury duty was actually quite interesting .	PERSON was not looking forward to Jury Duty the next morning . He was kind of nervous and was not happy . When he woke up though , he felt a little better about it . He spent all four hours just sitting there and was never called . On the way home , he knew there was nothing to worry about anymore .	PERSON was called for jury duty . He was unhappy . He would have to miss work for over a week . Then he went downtown and got good news . They had already picked a full jury and did not need PERSON !
clown	PERSON loved clowns . He wanted a clown at his birthday party . His dad told him they might get one for him . On the day of his party PERSON looked around eagerly . He was disappointed when he did n't see any clown .	PERSON was playing volleyball at her college . She was tall and thin . When she played abroad , everyone just took pictures of her . PERSON was frustrated they cared more about her appearance . So at the next game , she wore clown makeup .	PERSON was taking his son to a carnival . In the carnival PERSON took his son to see a clown show . PERSON 's son loved seeing the clown . His son laughed at the clown . PERSON was happy to see his son happy .	PERSON had a birthday party coming up . Her parents bought her a cake . Her parents also hired a clown . The clown make offensive comments to PERSON . PERSON was sad and the clown was fired .	Honko was a clown at the big circus . One day at the circus , Honko had a big act to perform . Honko was to slip on a banana peel and fly through a ring of fire . But the peel was too slippery and Honko hit his head instead . PERSON suffered a severe concussion and the show was cancelled .	PERSON could n't find her child in the crowd . She started to panic and an official took notice . He asked her what the problem was that had her so disturbed . PERSON told him she could n't find her child . He pointed a relieved PERSON to her kid , sitting on the clown 's lap .	I was a clown for children 's birthday parties . The gig did not pay well . I was sad and suicidal all the time . But , I had to put on a smile for the kids . I realized that I should have gone to college .	I was terrified of him . I walked quickly , hoping the clown would stop following me . They were n't allowed to touch the customers , but I was scared . I turned to him and told him to stop following me . He stopped and returned to his place on the haunted trail .	PERSON was looking forward to Halloween . He was thinking of a good costume . He wanted something fun and yet a little bit scary . PERSON decided to go as a clown . He received many compliments on his great costume .
halloween party	PERSON was invited to a Halloween party . At one point , the kids were blindfolded . Their hands were put into plates of food . PERSON knew the eyeballs were grapes and the brains spaghetti . Yet , he played along and gasped with the others .	PERSON was excited for her high school Halloween costume party . She invited the coolest kids and the whole football team . She knew if they all came she would instantly be a cool kid . The plan backfired and no one came but her best friend PERSON . She felt horrible and changed schools due to the embarrassment .	PERSON loved celebrating Halloween . This year , PERSON decided she would hold a Halloween party . In addition , PERSON would hold a best costume contest as well . PERSON also wanted to play scary games during the party also . PERSON was excited about her Halloween party plans .	PERSON had never volunteered at her daughter 's school . One day her teacher mentioned it and encouraged her to try . The next big event was Halloween so PERSON signed up for that . She ended up hosting a really fun class party . PERSON loved it and vowed to volunteer more at school .	PERSON was 2 years old and going to her first Halloween party ! The party was at her grandmother 's house . At first , PERSON was very scared of the skeletons and decorations . Then her Mom and PERSON reassured her that they were just decorations . PERSON had a great time at the party !	PERSON wanted to have a Halloween party . He waited until the last minute to set it up . Most of his friends already had plans . PERSON 's party was a big bust . He ended it early and cried himself to sleep .	Last Halloween my friends and I decided to throw a party . We invited everyone we knew and dressed up . I dressed up as PERSON PERSON . We had a great time . I ca n't wait to have another one .	Amber planned a Halloween party She created a Facebook event and invited all of her friends She spent days shopping , setting up , and preparing When the night came , many guests showed up Every had a wonderful time in their costumes	I threw a big halloween party . People arrived in all sorts of wild costumes . Most of them were pop culture references . Others were primarily intended to be revealing . I held a costume contest and gave a pop culture reference first prize .
glasses	PERSON was middle aged and wore glasses . At the mall last week she lost her glasses . PERSON had to call her daughter to drive her to work . PERSON went the very next day to buy a new pair . PERSON called her daughter and told her she did not have to drive her .	PERSON wanted to buy new glasses . He asked people for advice . He wanted stylish glasses . His friends suggested black frame glasses . PERSON purchased the glasses and was happy with his purchase .	PERSON has never worn glasses before . She noticed that her vision was getting worse . So she decided to get her eyes check . Sure enough , the doctor prescribed her a pair of glasses . Now she can finally see better .	PERSON wears eye glasses . He hates wearing glasses . He took his glasses off and stepped on them . PERSON realizes that he can not see anymore . PERSON went to buy new glasses .	PERSON needed glasses . She was embarrassed about needing them . She thought her friends would mock her . Then she found a really cute pair to wear . And her friends said she was even cuter now !	PERSON had recently gotten her eyes inspected at school . The doctor told her she had to get glasses . She went to the optometrist with her mom . She picked out a pair of pink glasses . She wore the glasses to next day to school .	PERSON lost his glasses . He looked everywhere for them . After an hour he finally gave up . He decided to just sit and watch tv instead . He put his glasses down from his forehead and felt stupid .	One day in 1973 my glasses fell into a sewer . I was jumping over a sidewalk and the glasses fell through the grate . I tried to get them but could not see without my glasses . My mom fished them out with a hook . I was amazed .	When I was a kid my parents noticed I was squinting a lot . They took me in for an eye exam . We all learned that I had terrible vision . The first day with glasses I fell down a lot . After I stopped falling down the glasses made life better .
PERSON 's bad day	PERSON was driving down the road . She heard a noise coming from her truck . She got out to look at it . It was smoking everywhere . She was stranded for hours before help came .	PERSON just got fired from work . He is coming home from work . His car begin to sputter . He pulled over to take a look . His car engine is blown up !	PERSON had a hard time getting out of bed . He put on his shirt backwards . He then proceeded to leave the house with two pairs of different shoes . He arrived to work late . His coworkers laughed at his misfortunes .	PERSON had always told her two eldest kids to be quiet in the morning . She had wanted to let the baby sleep . Unfortunately , her eleven year old decided to be loud . PERSON was stuck with a cranky baby all day because of this mistake . PERSON forced to threaten her kids with a grounding if it happened again .	PERSON did n't like how long her hair was , so she decided to get it cut . She read some reviews on her phone before picking a salon . The salon she chose was on the other side of town . On the way , PERSON had a flat tire . She had to stop and take care of it so she never made her appointment .	PERSON was thinking of buying a new car . PERSON went to the dealership . They ran his credit and said sir you 're credit is horrible . Turns out someone stole PERSON 's identity . PERSON got more than he bargained for when going to the dealership .	PERSON wanted to play video games instead of going to work . His wife hates when he does that , so he lied to her . When she came home and found he had n't gone to work , she left . PERSON 's wife stayed at her mother 's house that night . The next day , his wife asked him for a divorce .	PERSON hates going to the grocery store . The creepy man always hits on her there . While checking out with her goods , he offers to help her to the car . She tells him no , but he follows anyway . PERSON gets a restraining order .	PERSON was always a husky boy . One day he befriended PERSON , a skinny boy . PERSON got picked on a lot at school . One day PERSON got fed up with it and beat up a kid bullying PERSON . The next day the police came and took PERSON away .
new job	I got laid off from my job of 21 years . I was very nervous about finding a new job . I put my resume on the internet the next day . A day after that , I had an interview . I actually got a job that paid better than my old one !	I was very nervous to start my job as a CNA . I could barely sleep the night before my first day . I put on the cutest scrubs I could and took a deep breath . I walked into the job with confidence and everyone thought I was cute . I made friends quickly and I found myself loving my new job .	PERSON was starting a new job in the morning . She went to bed really early , so she would be well rested . When PERSON woke up so was really nervous . She got to work and had so much fun . She ended up loving her job and had nothing to be nervous about .	PERSON got a job at an office building . She put a plant on her new desk on her first day . PERSON ate lunch in the cafeteria with her co-workers . She went back to her desk after lunch to work some more . PERSON found her car in the parking lot at the end of the day .	PERSON got a new job . He was very excited because of the pay increase . He said goodbye to all of his old colleagues . After his first day of his new job , he was dismayed . All of his new coworkers were cruel .	Today PERSON started a new transcription job . Her husband , the assistant director of the archives , was her boss . He had told her everything was ready for her to transcribe . When PERSON came in in the morning , her husband asked her to wait . Apparently all the files are on someone 's portable hard drive .	PERSON had worked at her current job for two and a half years . She was in Customer Service , and was friends with all her colleagues . But Management kept increasing the workload without more compensation . Management also would n't listen to the requests of the employees . PERSON hated to leave her friends , but knew a new start was necessary .	PERSON was hired to wrap gifts at Macy 's . She expected to be in training for the whole first day . When she arrived her boss greeted and talked to her for 30 minutes . She asked her boss when she would be trained . She was shocked there was only 1 hour of training with a coworker .	PERSON wanted to look for a new job . She looked endlessly online for jobs . Finally she found one she liked . She sent her resume over . To her delight she was called for an interview .
math test	PERSON has a math test on Monday . He decided to start studying early . He did not want to fail . When he got to the test , he was ready . PERSON made a 100 on his test and was proud .	PERSON was horrible at math . He had a math test on Friday . He studied all week but still did not feel ready . When Friday came along , he felt sick . Luckily , he passed .	PERSON had a very tough math test to study for . PERSON decided it would be best to go to the library to study . At the library PERSON saw her former math tutor . PERSON decided to ask her former tutor for help . The help PERSON received from the tutor helped her to pass the test .	PERSON has a math test . He has not studied at all . He decided to go to football practice instead . When he got to class the next day , he was nervous . Luckily , his teacher postponed the test .	PERSON had a math test . He was not very good at math , or tests . He also had not studied at all . PERSON tried his best but thought he did poorly . A week later , the results came that he had failed .	PERSON needed to take a placement test to enroll in math courses . He has n't taken a math course in seven years . He spent fifty dollars buying a study guide . PERSON took two weeks to study on his math skills . PERSON cheered as he placed out of remedial courses .	PERSON had a math test on Friday . He had all week to study . He waited until the last minute . Luckily he was a smart kid . He passed the test easily .	PERSON has a math test on Friday . He has been studying all week . When he got to class , he was ready . However , he could not remember some of the formulas . PERSON was still happy with his grade .	Sue has a math test on Friday . She has been studying for weeks . She was determined to make a good grade . When she got her paper , she flew through the test . Sue made an A and was proud of herself .
waiting	PERSON ordered two albums from Amazon . One of the albums he could download the digital copy right away . The other album he had to wait for the physical copy to arrive . It seemed to take forever for it to arrive . PERSON thought the long wait made the music sound all the sweeter .	PERSON 's birthday was only a month away . His mom asked him to give her a birthday list . He wrote down just one thing , a movie he had wanted to see . The waiting for the ensuing month was almost excruciating for him . PERSON ended up getting the movie for his birthday , and he loved it .	The man waited in line . He tried to talk to the lady in front of him . She did not want to talk . The man felt uncomfortable after that . He got out of line to go home .	PERSON sat in the plastic chair . Her legs were sticking to the material . She lifted one leg from the chair . It made a long sticking sound like velcro . She wished she were wearing pants instead .	PERSON was so excited for prom . She could hardly wait ! She counted down every day for months . It dragged on forever - she was so eager ! Finally it was prom night , and PERSON was so happy !	PERSON 's teacher was surprised to see her return from recess early . PERSON wanted to search PERSON 's desk when she was alone . But she did n't want the teacher to know this . PERSON made up a story about having a headache . She was happy the teacher believed her story .	PERSON was waiting on her grandma to finish gardening . As she sat on the porch her mother pulled up . This meant PERSON was going home . She ran to the garden to say goodbye to her grandma . As she jumped in the car she was relieved to be finally going home .	PERSON waited for his mom to finish working . He was hungry and wanted a snack . Finally , his mom finished her work . She made him a sandwich . PERSON ate the sandwich happily .	PERSON was supposed to pick his daughter up from school . PERSON lost track of time because he was watching TV . PERSON 's daughter had to walk home alone . When she got home , she was crying and yelled at PERSON . PERSON felt horrible and promised it would never happen again .
PERSON 's baby	PERSON wanted to have a child . She did n't care if it was a boy or a girl . She became pregnant . PERSON ended up having twins . She had one boy and one girl and was thrilled !	PERSON and her husband want to start a family . They try to get pregnant to have a baby . They struggle with their fertility . PERSON and her husband decide to see a doctor for help . Within a year they have a healthy baby girl .	PERSON wanted to have a child . PERSON was in an accident and could never have children . She decided to try to adopt a baby . PERSON spent years trying to adopt a baby . PERSON was never able to adopt a baby .	PERSON gave birth to a nine pound baby . Her baby was large for a newborn , and healthy . PERSON then came down with a cold , and gave the cold to the baby . The baby became sick and had to see the doctor . The doctor treated the baby , and it got well .	PERSON and PERSON had been married many years . They decided to start a family . Their baby was born the next year . PERSON 's baby was a very happy and pretty baby . PERSON had never been happier than with her baby .	PERSON desperately wanted a baby of her own . She and her husband tried for years but nothing happened . One day , PERSON 's sister got pregnant by accident . Her sister could not take care of the baby because of bad health . PERSON adopted her niece and at last had a baby .	PERSON was anxiously awaiting her baby 's birth . She had tried for years to get pregnant . Her due date was fast approaching . When the baby was born , PERSON 's whole family was there . They rushed in the room , eager to meet the baby .	PERSON is pregnant . She is anxiously awaiting giving birth . PERSON wakes up in the middle of the night with contractions . PERSON is rushed to the hospital . She gives birth to a healthy baby girl .	PERSON wanted to have a daughter . His wife wanted a son . One day she found out she was pregnant . Three months later she found out the sex of the baby . PERSON was having a daughter .
easter	We went to brunch this Easter . My wife found a nearby restaurant and made a reservation . My son came over and drove us . We had a big brunch and a nice dessert . My wife posted photos on Facebook .	PERSON was tasked the job of hiding the eggs for a egg hunt . It was Easter and the kids expected a challenge . So PERSON did his best to hide the eggs as best as he can . He hid them to good cause kids only found ten eggs out of forty . PERSON felt bad .	PERSON loved Easter morning . She loved finding the basket that the bunny had brought . She always hoped it would be filled with candy and such . This time it was filled with all of her favorite things . She was happy that it was another great Easter .	We celebrated Easter yesterday . We went to church . We had lunch as a family . The younger children had an Easter egg hunt . It was a lovely day .	PERSON and his family made plans for Easter . His mom got very upset . She had wanted to make plans with him . He invited her along . She decided to spend the holiday alone .	I sent my friend PERSON some candy for Easter . She loves Cadbury Cream Eggs . I bought a pack of three eggs and mailed them to her work . She sent me an email thanking me profusely . I like sending things to my friends .	Every year PERSON would go to her grandparents for Easter . This year they were going to have a special egg hunt . Many of the eggs would have money and prizes . PERSON brought her basket . She found the most eggs out of everybody there .	The first egg was in the chimney , with a clue . The kids followed the clue to the basement , they are excited . Once they got there , they could n't find an egg ! The parents forget where the put the egg , so they ended the egg hunt . Instead , they just gave the kids their basket of candy for Easter .	A family invited some people over for Easter . They had a dinner together . They shared some good memories . They talked about the reason for the holiday . They wished each other goodnight .
discovery	One day a scientist was trekking through the jungle . He found tripped over a mossy log . He got up and looked at the log . He saw some little ants crawling on the log . What luck , they were a new species of ants !	May had a burn from playing with a curling iron . Her mother discovered the plastic hair on the curling iron . She saw a band-aid on May 's leg . Her mother made her remove the band-aid and show her the burn . After dressing the wound her mother grounded her for a week .	PERSON was out for a walk . Then she happened to find an object on the ground . She saw that it was a diamond ring ! PERSON took the ring to get appraised . The jeweler told her it was worth three thousand dollars !	PERSON loved to drink coffee every morning . He often would drink a pot of coffee all by himself . PERSON began to get heartburn a lot . He began to drink less coffee . PERSON 's decreased coffee intake helped alleviate his heartburn .	The paleontologist slowly trekked along the riverside . He noticed the subtle changes in the sediment . The rocks slowly changed in frequency and type . An odd piece of stone caught his eye . He knew he was looking at a very large bone .	It was the first time hanging out with my cousin . We went to an arcade to play a few games . We also decided to take a walk in the park . Although we 're not close , she said a lot of things . My impression of her became more positive .	Jan checked to make sure no one was around . Her two older brothers had been sneaking around the garden lately . Being a curious child , PERSON wanted to know what they were up to . She carefully opened the door to her brother 's room . Inside the back of their closet , she found several jars with spiders .	I helped my friend Have move out of his home . I helped sell his stuff on eBay . While cleaning , he found condoms in his teenage daughter 's room . He had an argument with her . I left the house while they were fighting .	One afternoon PERSON found an old chest in the attic . She pulled out paperwork with strange names on it . She confronted her mom , who admitted that PERSON was adopted . PERSON was stunned at first . Gradually , though , she calmed down and accepted it .
lobster	PERSON was only eight years old . He 'd never gone to a seafood restaurant before . He noticed the live lobsters when he first walked into the restaurant . He thought it was really cool that they had an aquarium there . However , he was n't happy to see they cooked the lobsters .	I decided to order lobster at a fancy restaurant . However , it was too hard to eat . I needed to smash it open with a mallet . Then I had to dig for the good lobster meat . So I had it switched out for a cheese burger .	Ivy 's dad took her out for seafood . Ivy had never tried it before . She was nervous , but she order lobster . She took a cautious bite , then smiled broadly . The lobster was actually delicious !	PERSON went to a fancy dinner . The menu was lobster , which she hated . She resolved to keep her mouth shut about it . She filled up on appetizers instead . And at dessert , PERSON had two helpings of pie !	I was at a fancy restaurant . I ordered the lobster . Unfortunately , the bill was 60 dollars . I could n't pay the bill . After ten hours of washing dishes , I was able to leave .	The man ordered lobster . The woman looked shocked . The man asked why . The woman thought it was too expensive . The man assured her that it was not too expensive .	PERSON wanted to become a vegetarian . She did n't really eat much meat anyway . But she loved certain meat , and did n't want to give it up . That night her mother made lobster tails . PERSON decided to postpone her vegetarian dreams until after the lobster .	PERSON had lived in LOCATION for his whole life . But the one thing he wanted to do was catch a live lobster . He talked to some guys at the local fish market . One guy said he would take him out the next weekend . They went out and used traps and caught a lobster !	PERSON 's fiance took her out for a lobster dinner . She had never had any seafood at all . She was nervous about whether she 'd like it . But after her first bite , her nerves dissolved . PERSON loved the lobster - it was delicious !
audition	PERSON wanted to be in the school play . She rehearsed the lines in preparation for the audition . During the audition , PERSON spoke her lines from memory . The drama teacher posted the cast names for the parts . PERSON was excited to find her name on the list .	PERSON wanted to play on the volleyball team . She went to auditions . There , she did a very poor job ! It turned out PERSON was n't good enough to make the team . She was sad , but she understood .	When PERSON was in middle school , he wanted to be an actor . He got an opportunity to audition for a special school for the arts . He practiced his audition for weeks . After the audition , he thought he did well . He received a letter in the mail notifying him that he did n't get in .	PERSON wanted to audition for the school play . She was scared she would forget her lines . She practiced and practiced . Her audition went perfectly . PERSON got the lead role .	PERSON was auditioning for a theatre show . He knew what he was doing and was prepared . He had to wait for 2 hours . He auditioned and did well . He got the gig .	All of PERSON 's friends told him he was a great singer . PERSON always wanted to be famous for something . He heard that American Idol auditions were being held nearby . PERSON went and auditioned for the show . The judges laughed at him and were n't impressed at all .	I wanted my own show on PERSON 's network . I mapped out a short tv cooking show outline . I wrote a three minute script about food preparation . I submitted my audition tape to the OWN network . I did n't win with PERSON but I have my own cooking show on YouTube .	PERSON really wanted to be in the school play . He was very nervous and was n't sure if he would even audition . On the day of the audition he just decided to do it . He auditioned and was n't sure how it went . The following day he found out that he made the lead role in the play !	PERSON had a choir audition at school . She was very nervous . But she did her very best ! After her audition , her smiling teacher pulled her aside . She welcomed PERSON into the school choir !
leaves	PERSON was raking leaves one afternoon . He made a big pile of leaves . PERSON decided jump in his leave pile . When he went inside , his mom noticed he was covered in ticks . She told him to not play in leaves anymore .	The leaves have begun to change colors . They went from green to red , yellow , and orange . The wind is blowing them off the trees . The temperature , like the leaves , is falling . Autumn is here .	PERSON really wanted to play in the leafs . So she asked her dad if she could . So he went out and raked them all up . She ran out and jumped in them . She loved playing in them so much .	PERSON liked to sit out back on her patio every evening . One day she noticed that her patio was covered in leaves . She got her rake and raked them into her neighbor PERSON 's back yard . PERSON saw that PERSON had raked leaves into his yard but he was n't upset . PERSON went outside , put the leaves into a bag , and disposed of them .	PERSON was a homeowner . Fall had arrived and many leaves were in his yard . He prepared the rake and bags . He raked the leaves . He put the leaves in bags and cleared his lawn .	PERSON loved nature and the outdoors . He decided to buy plants for his home . He browsed many plants at the nursery . He found a plant with very soft leaves . He purchased that plant and was happy about it .	The bear ate the leaves . The leaves were falling from the trees . This bear did n't like to climb . He forages the ground for his meals . And enjoyed eating leaves from the ground .	Our neighbor 's 4 year old son PERSON loved to swim . He used the pool often with his mom and dad . When he came he always wanted his dad to take leaves out of the pool . His father said PERSON was afraid the leaves would get hurt . I said PERSON was a bit of a Buddhist .	PERSON collected leaves and flowers on nature walks . When he got home , he pressed them between the pages of his diary . One day he picked a pretty , shiny dark green leaf . What he did n't know was that the leaf was poison ivy ! Poor PERSON had to get treatment at his local Urgent Care center !
black eye	When I was in elementary school I got a black eye . I was running to go see the new tulips blooming when I tripped . I ended up slipping and falling on the pavement . I fell flat on my face . I ended up having a black eye for two weeks and a scrape .	Last week PERSON was planting tulips . When she wanted to check them bloom , she ran . Running down the pavement , she slipped . She fell flat on her face . PERSON ended up with a black eye .	My mother had a black eye . She told me she fell . Really my father hit her . It made me mad and scared . I told my friends mother who helped me .	PERSON was hit in the face with a baseball . Her eye was swollen and bruised . Her grandmother put an ice pack on the eye . But it was too late . PERSON already had a black eye .	Walking around with a black eye is awkward . I have to explain to everyone how I got it . Everyone who sees me gives me a strange look . Explaining my story over and over is tiresome . I eventually put on sunglasses so people will leave me alone .	My wife was abusive . One time , she gave me a black eye . I went to the police station to report what she had done . The police arrested my wife and she was sentenced to prison . I was happy that I no longer had to fear her .	PERSON was at the bar . He got drunk and kept hitting on a girl . She had a boyfriend that did n't appreciate it . PERSON did n't back off and got punched in the eye . He had a black eye for over a week .	PERSON and PERSON were fighting . PERSON gave PERSON a black eye . PERSON was enraged . He gave PERSON a black eye back ! They were both ravaged after the fight .	PERSON showed a rubber band to PERSON . He aimed a small pebble towards the ground . However , the rubber band broke loose and the pebble hit PERSON . He instantly fell on the ground . PERSON found out that he had a black eye from the hit .
knitting	PERSON was knitting a blanket . First she wound the yarn around her knitting needles . Then she hooked and looped until it began to take shape . When it was done , she finished the edges neatly . Then PERSON gave her mom the blanket as a gift .	PERSON loved to knit . Her grandmother taught her many different knitting designs . PERSON learned about a charity asking for knitted blankets for children . PERSON used her skills to create many variations of blankets . PERSON donated over different blankets to the charity .	PERSON was knitting a new shirt for herself . She always did so when she watched TV . But that day the show was so good , she was distracted . And she barely looked at was she was knitting . When the show ended , she saw she had knitted backwards .	PERSON loved making things with her hands . She took up knitting . She made a few blankets . The were so warm and cozy ! PERSON got to work making a big comforter for her bed .	PERSON was learning how to knit . She worked hard every day to learn how to get better . Soon , she could make a pair of socks in less than an hour . She worked every day to become great at knitting . She was proud of her handiwork !	PERSON wanted to learn a new hobby . She decided to teach herself how to knit . She bought supplies at a local craft store . After watching videos online , PERSON knitted a small blanket . She was proud of herself for learning the new skill .	PERSON wanted to knit a sweater . She had no clue how to knit so she looked it up on Youtube . The video she watched made it look easy to do . PERSON began to knit but it was n't going very well . PERSON eventually gave up and bought a sweater instead .	PERSON wanted to learn how to knit . So she asked her mother to teach her how to knit . Her mom agreed to teach her how to knit . PERSON was taught the next day . After practicing a lot she knitted her mom a blanket .	PERSON liked to knit hats for her friends . She spent all weekend knitting hats of all colors for each friend . She brought them to school one day . But she noticed something horrible . She forgot to knit a hat for PERSON her best friend !
bugs	PERSON was in his room . He saw two bugs crawl by . He almost ran . He decided to make them his pets . After playing with them he realized they made great pets .	It was summer and bugs were all around . But ben hated bugs . He did not want them in his room . He kept bug spray by his bed . He killed every bug he saw in his room !	One day PERSON and PERSON went to the store . They were there to buy a mosquito net . They asked the salesperson which mosquito net worked best . The sales person Helped them pick out a high quality net . PERSON and PERSON enjoyed their mosquito free time outside .	PERSON had spent a lot of the summer at her grandpa 's farm . She loved to play with the chickens . One day she got lice from them . Her parents could not get the lice out of her hair . PERSON is no longer allowed to play at the farm .	I moved into my new apartment . I discovered that is was crawling with bugs . I ran out of the apartment straight to the store . After buying bug spray , I doused my entire place with it . I never saw another bug again .	My new house has an infestation of fruit flies . I looked online for a way to get rid of them . The proper removal method is with a fruity , vinegary trap . Now I have no fruit flies and a very gross bottle of dead flies . I kind of miss them .	My brother had a bug collection . There were many different bugs in his room . He pulled one out to show me . It jumped out of his hands . He picked it back up before it got away .	PERSON loved bugs . He liked to turn over rocks to try to find bugs . One day he found lots of worms and spiders . The rock he was looking under fell on his finger . He needed to go to the doctor and have his finger checked out .	I was in my room . Suddenly I saw two bugs . I got scared . I sprayed the entire room with bug spray . After that I never saw bugs in my room again .
ghost	My wife 's nephew lost his father when he was 9 . He was scared of death . One day he was in the hallway of his building . He saw a man who resembled his father . He ran away , thinking he had seen a ghost .	Late one night , PERSON thought he saw a ghost in his room . Trembling , he got up to check . He crept over to the ghost . Then he reached his hand out to touch it . He was relieved to see it was just his jacket , hanging up !	My sister in law 's husband died while a young man . They had three children . The nine year old boy was very sad . One day he saw a man who looked like his father and he got scared . He ran home to his mother , thinking he had seen a ghost .	We went on a ghost tour . They took us through an area that had activity We did n't see any but we heard some stories . Nothing too scary but it made you really think . So it was a fun interesting experience .	Tim honestly believed in ghosts . His friends ridiculed him because of it . He became upset at their indignation . The realized that his feelings were hurt quickly . They apologized for being so insensitive .	PERSON was sleeping when all of the sudden he heard something . He thought it was a ghost . He screamed for his dad . His dad came running into his room . His dad soothed him and he went back to sleep .	PERSON woke up in the middle of the night . He thought he had heard a noise downstairs . He tried to ignore it , but the noise sounded again . He was too afraid to get up and look . When he awoke , he saw that his cat had knocked over a vase .	PERSON was convinced there was a ghost in his house . His mom assured him that ghosts were n't real . PERSON was n't convinced so he decided to set a trap . He heard what he thought was a ghost and tossed a net over it ! Underneath the net was his dad and they both had a laugh about it .	PERSON was always interested in the supernatural . He decided to book a vacation to a haunted hotel . PERSON heard footsteps and loud banging outside his room . PERSON opened the door to see nothing there . PERSON checked out early from the hotel .
driving test	PERSON was studying her book for tomorrow 's driving test . She had gone through all the classes and done well . That night she went with her dad and drove for two hours . Upon arriving home , her father asked her to open the trunk . Inside the trunk , her father had left a good luck letter for her .	I went to the DMV today to get my drivers license . They had me take a drivers test . A lady named PERSON monitored my driving test . She talked a lot during my test and it was very distracting . I still drove very well and I passed my test .	PERSON was taking her driving test at the DMV . She was nervous . PERSON backed up too quickly . She hit a parked car . PERSON failed her test .	PERSON was excited to take her driving test and knew she would pass . She had been practicing her driving for months and felt confident . But her nerves during the test made her forget to stop at a red light . Because of that PERSON did not pass the test . But she knew with more practice she would pass it the second time .	PERSON wanted to get her license . Unfortunately she was n't a very good driver . She went to take her test and failed . She tried a couple more times and failed again . She eventually was able to after much difficulty .	When I went to take my driving test my brother had me drive there . I did fine up until parking by the DMV . I accidentally side-swiped an old car while parking . My brother got very mad and had me stop . He told me that he would drive me home and we 'd try again later .	PERSON was excited to be taking his driver 's test . He knew he would pass today . If he did not pass this time he would have to start over . He drove the course carefully . Thankfully , he passed with flying colors !	PERSON had been studying for her driving exam for weeks . Finally the big day arrived . Her driving instructor looked intimidating , but she tried to be calm . She passed both the written and practical with flying colors ! PERSON knew the stress was worth it when she held her new license .	PERSON had been learning to drive for 4 months . He booked his test but he did n't feel ready . The test day came and he was more nervous than ever . When he started the test , he nearly pulled out on a car . Despite his nerves , he managed to just pass the test .
the band	PERSON loved to sing . He had a best friend , who loved to play guitar . They got together with another person , who was a drum player . They also found another singer . PERSON and his pals formed a band .	PERSON decided to form a band . He asked all his friends if they wanted to join his band . A few wanted to join but did not know how to play instruments . PERSON taught his friends how to play . Now they have a successful band .	PERSON had never been in a band before . He saw the flyer for the audition and wanted to try it . He showed up with his guitar ready to play . PERSON played the guitar amazingly well . Everyone agreed that he was the best .	We went to see this great band yesterday . They played at a local bar . I had never heard their music before . I heard great things about them . They played a great show .	The whole school had gathered in the auditorium . The talent show was about to begin . The band took the stage and began to rock . They won the contest easily . Everyone agreed that they were the best act .	PERSON had finally found a band to join . He had been looking for a few years now . He wanted to find a band that really fit him . The group of guys he found is a perfect match . I can not wait to see their first show .	The band was ready to walk out on the stage . They were all confident and well prepared . They picked up their instruments . They began to play . The crowd loved them that night , they were great .	PERSON 's band was n't the best . He knew that but he loved it all the same . They would never get signed but they enjoyed playing together . That was until PERSON left for LOCATION without them . The no longer play together now , PERSON has n't touched his guitar since .	PERSON loved playing the trumpet . She joined the school band . She practiced every day for an hour . The band had practice every morning . PERSON loved playing with all her classmates .
sleepy	I was feeling very sleepy . Alas , I had a project to finish . I decided to drink some coffee . However , I fell asleep . Thus , I did n't finish the project so I failed it !	PERSON noticed he was always tired so he went to the doctor for help . His doctor asked PERSON if he slept through the night regularly . PERSON could n't remember the last time he had slept through the night . The doctor gave him a small sample of sleeping pills to try . After taking a pill for four nights , PERSON felt awake during the day .	PERSON and her niece and nephew had been for a long walk . The children had a leaf fight that fall afternoon . When they returned to her mother 's the kids ate dinner . PERSON was surprised to see they had fallen asleep soon after eating . She went to say goodbye and removed a leaf still in her niece 's hair .	My daughter decided she wanted to be a dwarf for halloween . She looked everywhere for the perfect costume . She said she wanted to go as Sleepy . Unable to find a costume , she settled with PERSON . Everyone thought she was the cutest kid that halloween .	PERSON had n't gotten a lot of sleep the past few nights . He was extremely tired . Even coffee was n't keeping him awake . PERSON went straight home after work . He went to bed right after a shower .	PERSON did n't get a lot of sleep before work . At work he fell asleep at his desk . He started snoring very loudly . His boss heard him and came over . He got written up for falling asleep at work .	I woke up way too early . I wanted nothing more than to go back to sleep . My back started hurting , and I could n't get comfortable . I rolled into every position imaginable . I finally gave up and got out of bed .	I decided to go to a party . It was late at night and I was sleepy . I regretted my decision but I decided to stay at the party . The next day , I felt terrible . I learned that I should not go to parties late a night .	My wife has been tired this week . She has been staying up watching the Olympics . Then she had to get up early to get our car serviced . She wanted to sleep in today but her sister needed help . I told her she can sleep all day tomorrow .
weather	PERSON was about to go for a run . She decided to check the weather before she went . The weather said there was a large chance of rain . PERSON decided not to go . It never rained the rest of the day .	The day started cold and rainy . By 11 AM , the sun had come out . The temperature rose to 75 degrees . It got so warm I changed into shorts . I wish the summer was longer .	PERSON was a naturalist . He noticed the weather influenced the nature 's beauty . He went to the park after a big rain . He saw a the most beautiful sunset he had ever seen . He knew this was only possible because it was after a storm .	The sky was really black . The wind started to pick and and things were blowing around . I ran inside the house to stay dry . It rained for hours . The sun then came out and I went out to play .	The forecast called for rainy . I packed my raincoat . It never rained . Instead it started to snow . The weather is never predictable .	The weather forecast said there was a small chance of rain . PERSON decided to take that chance . She did not pack a raincoat for her walk . As she was walking , the bottom fell out . When she finally got back home , she was soaked .	PERSON had football tickets . He was excited and had been looking forward to this game . The weather forecast predicted rain . PERSON got to the game and it was rained out . He was not happy about wasting his money .	This December the weather has been exceptionally warm . My high school teacher told me about global warming many years ago . She said the government can change the weather . The government does it by sprinkling pellets on clouds . She never said what the pellets were made of .	PERSON sat alone in the basement . He wanted to go out , but did n't know how the weather was . He walked back upstairs to check . Peering out the window , he saw it was raining heavily . He went back down into the basement , somewhat disappointed .
babysitter	PERSON was a teenager and wanted to have money to buy things . She offered to babysit for a family friend for ten bucks . PERSON had fun babysitting and was even tipped an extra two dollars . PERSON decided to offer her services to other people around town . Within a week PERSON had four families she would babysit for .	My niece works for the state house in MA . She has two children , 12 and 9 . She has to work late on Thursday , an election day . She begged her sister to babysit for her . Her sister reluctantly agreed .	I saw an old neighbor in our lobby today . PERSON used to live in our building . She is a nanny and brought her kids in today . I sat and talked to the kids . I told PERSON she is going to be a great mom someday .	LOCATION really wanted to become a full time babysitter . She made some flyers and put them around the neighborhood . After a few days a neighbor approached her about babysitting . LOCATION gladly watched the lady 's child everyday . She babysat for their family for 3 years .	My daughter 's friend wanted to be in a fine arts class . She did n't have enough money to register . She was offered a babysitting job for $ 40 a week . She accepted the job with her parent 's permission . Now she is able to take the fine arts class !	PERSON was only twelve , but she wanted to earn money by babysitting . Her parents decided to let her find work if she could be responsible . She decided to show she was responsible by making dinner for them . Unfortunately , she burned the food and it nearly caught on fire ! PERSON 's parents decided not to let her babysit yet .	The parents got a babysitter . They went on a date . The date was going well . They called the babysitter . The babysitter agreed to keep watching the kids .	Once I had a babysitter who was kind of mean . She blew up a balloon and gave it to our cat . The cat played with the balloon until it popped . The babysitter laughed hysterically when the cat screamed and ran . I asked my parents to not use that babysitter any more .	PERSON and her husband were going to a party . They hired a new babysitter for their children . The babysitter let the children drink as much water as they wanted . When PERSON came home , she checked on the sleeping children . Boys boys had peed their beds .
stories	PERSON told lots of stories . PERSON told a new story nearly every day . After a while PERSON ran out of stories . So he started to make up new ones . They did n't make as much sense as his first stories .	PERSON and PERSON were happily married . Their daughter would frequently cry in the middle of the night . PERSON and PERSON began reading their daughter bedtime stories . The couple 's daughter loved the stories . The daughter soon stopped crying in the middle of the night .	I found a book for little girls . It was filled with princess stories . I took it home and read it to my daughter every night . She was enthralled with the adventures . She asked me to read a new story every night .	PERSON was telling stories around the campfire . During the campfire her friends were getting scared . She was n't very scared since they were her own stories . PERSON thought it was very funny that they were getting scared . After a while there was a noise and PERSON got really scared too !	I wrote a bunch of stories for someone who asked me to . I sat down in front of my computer and thought some up . Then , I typed them into the computer . When I was done , I sent the stories to the requester . I 'm glad I was able to write the stories .	PERSON loved to tell made up stories with bad endings . He stayed up all night thinking of new stories . He went to school and told his friends all his new stories . They hated him and ostracized him . He became depressed and decided to stop making up stories .	PERSON 's father , PERSON , loved to tell tall tales . PERSON would claim involvement in great war heroics and wild adventures . PERSON thought it was a bunch of baloney . Despite PERSON 's protests , PERSON insisted they were all true . PERSON vowed to find evidence that the stories were fabricated .	I write stories for money . I am proud to be a writer . I realize my writing may never be famous . That will not stop me from writing . I think I will write a lot today and be happy .	PERSON liked to write . He had a hard time coming up with stories though . He decided to make five sentence stories . He now has a much easier time coming up with stories . He now gets paid to write them .
sunburn	Kia went to the beach with her friends . She had a great time , but forgot sunscreen ! When she got home , she saw that she had a sunburn . She applied lotion , but it still hurt . Kia 's sunburn was sore for over a week !	It was very sunny today . And I went on a 7 mile long walk . I felt my head and face burning . And my eyes felt weak and tired . When I finally looked at a mirror , my entire face was swollen and red .	PERSON was going sun tanning at the beach . She read a book while catching the sun . She fell asleep halfway through the book . She slept for a couple of hours before she woke up . Her entire body was sore from being sun burnt .	PERSON had a day off work . She decided to lay out by the pool . She forgot sunscreen . She fell asleep . PERSON woke up with a second degree sunscreen .	PERSON was at the pool . He forgot his sunscreen . He asked around but nobody else had any . PERSON wound up not putting any on . He got badly sunburned .	My son went to PERSON last weekend . My wife told him to wear sunscreen . He was there for hours and got a sunburn . She wanted to know why he did apply sunscreen . He said he did , but it did not work .	PERSON was at the beach with friends . He had too much fun and forgot to put sunscreen on . Within hours someone pointed out how red he was . PERSON was severely sunburned . He had to leave and get special healing lotion .	PERSON loves to kayak . She will spend hours on the water if she can . Once , she forgot her sunscreen . She was enjoying herself so much , she did n't even notice at first . When she got home , she found her shoulders were badly burned .	PERSON went to the beach . He forgot to put on sunscreen . He fell asleep in the sun . He got a bad sunburn . PERSON felt miserable .
taxi	PERSON was new to living in LOCATION LOCATION . He was very shy and did n't like to get in the way . One day he needed to call a taxi for the first time . He nervously raised his hand and waited a bit . He quickly decided to take the bus instead .	Carol got off work really late one night . She could not find a cab anywhere . She ended up walking for a long time . She finally got a cab . She was so relieved to finally get home !	A couple was picked up by the taxi . A taxi driver drove them to the middle of the woods . Suddenly , his car died . He went to see what was happening . The car sank into the mud .	PERSON needed a taxi from her hotel . She checked outside , but she saw none . Then she decided to ask the bellhop for help . She went inside and explained her predicament . The bellhop happily called a taxi for PERSON .	PERSON was sitting in his taxi waiting for a customer . Someone got in and told him to drive . He asked where to . The man pulled out a gun and told him just to drive . He looked behind him and saw a man in a mask .	PERSON drove a taxi in LOCATION . One evening , he picked up a beautiful woman . PERSON tried to ask her on a date . The woman was creeped out and asked to leave . PERSON drove home in dismay .	PERSON loved to ride on taxis . She liked them because she did n't have to drive . One day , she went to another country . After that , she searched for many hours for a taxi . Finally , she found one taxi near a mall .	I wanted to become a taxi driver . My parents disapproved because I had a degree . But , I quit my job regardless and became a taxi driver . Being a taxi driver was difficult and soon I gave up . I realized I should have stuck with a white-collar job .	PERSON needed to get across town to the store . She did n't have a car of her own . Her husband had taken the family car to work . A quick call and she was waiting for the taxi . She got in and they were off to the store !
ham sandwich	I made a ham sandwich for lunch . Just as I was about to take a bite , the phone rang . I laid my sandwich on the coffee table and ran to the kitchen . When I came back , my sandwich was gone . I looked around and my dog was finishing the last bite .	PERSON made himself a ham sandwich for lunch . He carefully stacked the ham and cheese on the bread . He was proud of his creation . He sat down to eat when the phone rang . When he got back , the dog was chowing down on his food .	I made a ham sandwich . Just as I was about to eat it , there was a knock on my door . I laid my sandwich on the table . When I came back , it was gone . My dog had grabbed it ate it .	PERSON had just made a ham sandwich . He was about to eat it when he heard a noise . He went to see what the noise was . When he came back , his sandwich was gone . His cat had eaten all of his sandwich .	PERSON made a ham sandwich . As soon as he was about to take a bite , the doorbell rang . When PERSON came back his sandwich was gone . He looked around and noticed his dog . The dog had eaten the sandwich .	PERSON made a ham sandwich . As he went to eat it , he had a knock on the door . He laid the sandwich down . When he came back , his sandwich was gone . He looked around and saw his dog finishing his sandwich .	PERSON fixed a ham sandwich . He started eating it when the doorbell rang . He laid it on the table and answered the door . He was gone a few seconds and when he came back it was gone . He looked around to see his dog finishing his sandwich .	PERSON made a ham sandwich . As he was about to eat , he had to step outside . When he came back in , his sandwich was gone . He looked around the room and could not figure it out . Then he noticed his dog chewing and knew what had happened .	PERSON made a sandwich . He was about to eat it when the phone rang . He laid the sandwich down and went to the next room . When he got back , the sandwich was gone . His dog had eaten the sandwich .
the artist	PERSON was famous . She was an artist that created masterpieces . She sold a piece for a million dollars . She used the money to support other artists . PERSON started her own foundation .	PERSON was wandering throughout the museum . As an aspiring artist , he loved all kinds of art , especially painting . His attention was grabbed by a beautiful portrait of a lady . He felt inspired ! He raced home to paint a portrait of his special lady .	PERSON was an artist . He enjoyed drawing futuristic landscapes . A movie production company saw his paintings and hired him . PERSON painted several of the backdrops for a new movie . PERSON 's backdrops were well-received and he made a lot of money .	Maeva went to art class . They talked about lighting . She practiced drawing it . She used pencil . She came out with a nice art piece .	PERSON was learning to be an artist . He tried sculpting , but his hands were not steady enough . He tried to paint , but he did n't have the patience . Then he decided he would do performance art . PERSON had found his niche !	An artist came to a new town for business . He looked all over for inspiration . He saw a beautiful sunset . He got his paints out . He painted a beautiful painting .	PERSON loved to paint in the park . One day he was painting a picture of flowers in the park . A man came over and loved the painting . He asked PERSON if he could paint a mural in his office . PERSON was flattered and agreed to doing the mural .	PERSON was in the bathroom at school . He was putting graffiti on the walls . A teacher walked into the bathroom . He saw PERSON writing on the wall . PERSON got into trouble .	PERSON decided to become a good watercolor painter . So she bought the supplies and put herself to practice . But she needed to find a teacher . So she searched and searched , until one day she found a book . The book was on watercolor painting , and learned to be great from it .
swimmer	PERSON loved swimming . She wanted to be a champion swimmer . But she just could n't race fast enough to win any contests ! Then PERSON found another way to keep herself in the water . PERSON became a swim coach and got paid to be in the water every day !	PERSON always admired people who could swim . She would sit by the pool and watch people swim . She wish she could swim but she was afraid of drowning . PERSON overcame her fears and enrolled in a local swim class . She became the swimmer she always wanted to be .	PERSON was nine and all her friends knew how to swim , but she did n't . She convinced her dad to give her lessons in their backyard pool . First he taught her the basic dog paddle . But soon he had her swimming backstrokes and diving ! PERSON quickly became a natural water baby and a great swimmer .	PERSON loved to swim . He often went to the local pool to do laps . He always considered swimming competitively . PERSON tried out for the local team . He was not fast enough and did not make the team .	PERSON could not swim . She decided it was time to learn . She signed up for a class at the pool . She began by learning slow , easy strokes . Soon she was swimming quickly and expertly !	PERSON liked to swim . He visited the rec center a couple times a week to use the pool . Eventually the rec center closed down . PERSON was upset at not having a place to swim . He began to swim at the lake instead .	PERSON was very scared of the water . Her mother tried to teach her to swim but she was scared . One day a huge amount of rain came and flooded her town . She fell in the water and was rescued . This made her afraid of not knowing how to swim so she started lessons	PERSON was at the beach one afternoon . She went into the water for a swim . But she ventured out farther than she had planned . She was a poor swimmer and could only dog paddle . She hurried to get back to shallower water !	PERSON was six years old . She wanted to learn to swim . Her mom took her to the pool . There , she patiently taught Ava the basics . Soon PERSON was paddling all by herself !
gymnastics	My daughter wants to take gymnastics classes . She has started to enjoy it since watching the olympics . I called around a few places close by . It is really expensive to send her . I think I may try out a month .	PERSON wanted to become an olympic gymnast . He asked his parents to enroll him in a gymnastics club . PERSON trained hard and kept his nutrition in check . Eventually , PERSON tried out for the olympic squad . Unfortunately , PERSON was n't good enough and his dreams were crushed .	Teddy hoped to be a star at gymnastics . He began taking classes at the local YMCA . Teddy 's instructor was harsh , but very skilled . Teddy felt that he was learning a lot . Teddy continued improving and his dream followed him much of his life .	PERSON is great at gymnastics . She has a competition coming up . PERSON practiced every day until the competition . She did very well at the competition . She brought home a gold medal .	PERSON put on a shiny leotard . She pulled her hair back into a ponytail . PERSON drove to the gymnasium . She checked in with her coach . PERSON went on the floor mats to do her gymnastics routine .	PERSON 's parents encouraged him to try out gymnastics . He begrudgingly accepted their proposition . Tor had a knack for gymnastics . His specialty was the triple beam balance . He dreamed of one day being in the Olympics .	My little girl decided she wanted to be a gymnast . We signed her up at a gym . She tried to do flips , tumbles and the balance beam . It was a lot harder than it looked . Now my daughter wants to be a dancer !	PERSON knew it was up to her . The rest of her team and already gone and it was her time . She got up on the balance beam . She performed an amazing routine . The judges scores came in , her team had won !	I was always very good at gymnastics , I loved it . There was a big gymnastics meet coming up and I needed to be ready . I practiced for hours , so that I could do my best . On the day of the competition I performed my routine . My hard work paid off , because I won the competition .
pie	PERSON decided to bake a homemade pie over the weekend . She spent the morning picking blueberries from her backyard . After finishing the preparation , she left the pie in the oven . She decided to watch a movie on TV to pass the time . After dozing off , PERSON woke up shocked that she burnt her pie !	I had a craving for pie . I went to the store . I wanted to buy the supplies . I saw a pre made apple pie in the bakery . Feeling lazy and hungry , I grabbed it instead to take home .	PERSON baked a pie in the oven . While waiting for it to finish baking , she fell asleep . She awoke a few minutes later in a drowsy state . She immediately realized her mistake and rushed to the kitchen . Luckily , she found that the pie was just fine .	I went shopping with my grandmother today . We bought lots of fruit . But the apples were my favorite . She cut them up , and baked a pie with them ! The pie was delicious .	PERSON sliced the hot pie . Some pie filling squirted out of the pie . The hot filling landed on her arm . PERSON got startled . She dropped her knife on the ground .	PERSON baked a blueberry pie . She set it out on the window to cool . Two hours later , she checked the window again . The pie was mostly gone . She saw two fat cats with pie on their whiskers sleeping nearby .	PERSON made a pie for her family and one for the neighbors . After the pies were done , she put them in the window sill . After they cooled she brought them but notice one had bites in it . She looked around and could n't find who ate it . Then she noticed the cat licking his paws and she laughed .	PERSON had a birthday . He invited friends over . A girl he liked came . She baked him a pie . He told her thanks .	PERSON was craving something sweet . He decided to make himself a cherry pie . He assembled it carefully and put it into the oven . But then he forgot about it ! By the time he pulled it out , it was hopelessly burned !
bike	PERSON was an avid cyclist . He wanted to take a long road trip with his bike . He packed his bags and began riding . He had fun exploring the state . He had a unique and wonderful experience while cycling the state .	I ride my bicycle to school every day . It 's different when I ride it in Spring , though . In spring , all the plants along the side of the road bloom . In particular , one plant had thorns which pricked my tires . I ended up with two flat tires that day .	Jan and PERSON won a three-legged race . Their prize was a new mountain bike . They tried to decide who deserved the bike more . At first they bickered . Then they agreed to share the bike evenly !	PERSON was walking home from school . He saw a kid riding his bike . PERSON yelled at the kid . The kid took off on his bike . PERSON chased him down and beat him up .	PERSON lived in an apartment and wanted to surprise his son . He wanted to give him a bike for Christmas morning . PERSON hid the bike in his friend 's garage until early Christmas morning . PERSON 's son was so surprised when he woke up and seen the bike . He wondered how LOCATION got it in the house .	PERSON 's dad took the training wheels off her bike . She was nervous . At first she wobbled . Then she straightened out . PERSON was riding like a pro !	PERSON was about to turn five years old . All the kids in his neighborhood had a bike but him . PERSON asked his parents if he could please have a bike as well . Finally the day of his birthday party came . PERSON was so excited because he got the bike he always hoped for .	When I was young I thought my bike was stolen . It was not in my garage . I could n't find it anywhere . But then I realized I left it at the park . So I ran down and it was still there luckily .	My wife bought me a bike in 2000 . It was a one speed fat tired bike . We live in a small condo so it was hard to hide the bike . She stored it on a neighbor 's porch until my birthday . I rode the bike for several years until it gave out .
competition	PERSON wanted to audition for the local singing competition . He listened to many songs before hearing the one he wanted to sing . He was nervous but no one in the audience could tell . PERSON sang the song with no mistakes at all . The judges announced PERSON as the winner .	PERSON was in a local cooking competition , and doing quite well . Her first two courses had been great , and she only had dessert left . Baking was her specialty and she was already dreaming of victory ! She was so caught up , she did n't hear the timer go off . Her dish was n't done in time , and she was disqualified .	PERSON walked into a bank and noticed a man in a hood . The man drew a weapon and demanded money from the clerk . PERSON walked behind him and quickly disarmed the man . The bank clerk was very thankful . PERSON then drew his own weapon , and demanded money .	PERSON wanted to enter a bodybuilding competition . She worked for months on her fitness . She lifted weights . She ate healthy things and drank water . She was happy when she won the competition .	PERSON had some competition . He was trying out for the baseball team . Suddenly , all of his friends wanted to try out too . He got so worried that he practiced 5 hours a day . When tryouts came , he blew them all away .	PERSON challenged PERSON to a basketball game . PERSON had always won in the past . But PERSON had been practicing . PERSON was overconfident . And PERSON ended up winning .	PERSON was the toughest guy in town . The neighborhood punks did not mess with him . However , one day he was harassed and he did not fight back . He was tough but not a fighter . But when the punks messed with his friends he finally fought back .	PERSON has a gambling problem . He made a bet that PERSON would win a tournament at school . Harry is the underdog in the competition . Surprisingly , PERSON tied for first place . PERSON lost his bet on a technicality .	PERSON thought he was very good a certain game . He decided to enter a local tournament . He showed up and won his first game and was excited . He then proceeded to get beaten badly by the next two competitors . He was discouraged , but still determined to get better at the game .
rocks	I played with the rocks in front of my dad 's work . We went there to eat pizza with him late at night . When we left , I went to play in the rocks around the building . I sat there for a long time , sifting through the different stones . I filled my pockets with the ones I wanted to keep .	I loved to collect rocks . I would scavenge the local hiking trails for precious stones . One day , I stumbled upon some topaz . I sold the topaz for a nice profit ! I realized that gemstone hunting was a good business .	PERSON loves to hunt for interesting rocks . PERSON is a geologist and looks at rocks for a career . One day Matt found a very rare fossil . The fossil was worth millions of dollars . PERSON works for himself now and still loves looking for rocks .	PERSON and her family were at the park with their extended family . Some of the kids were pretty wild . In the parking lot an alarm on a car began to sound . The adults all went to check if it was their car . There were rocks all around the cars kids had been throwing .	PERSON was heading to the store . She saw some cops putting kids in a car . She wanted to know what they had done . The kids were accused of throwing rocks from the roof of a building . In the backseat was PERSON 's brother PERSON .	One night PERSON was woken by a sharp cracking sound . She rose from her bed , terrified , and went to investigate . She found broken glass on the floor by her broken window . Someone had chucked a big rock through the window ! PERSON had to call the police and file a criminal report .	PERSON has a sack full of rocks . He carried them around all the time . One day he pop one in his mouth and ate it . His mom was worried he did something horrible . It was rock candy he bought at the store .	PERSON loves to collect rocks and is proud of her large collection . Most of her rocks were found at home or in the school yard . New specimens were getting harder to find , making her sad . PERSON 's parents wanted to help , so they planned a trip to the Park . That weekend , they all had a great time together hiking for new rocks .	My dog loved to play with rocks . So , I decided to buy some gravel . I took my dog into the yard and started throwing gravel everywhere . He loved the gravel ! Alas , he decided to eat some and we had to stop playing .
nurse	PERSON wanted to be a nurse . After high school , she enrolled in a nursing program . She studied very hard . Soon she graduated from nursing school ! PERSON was so proud of herself .	PERSON wants to become a nurse . The only thing holding her back is that she hates blood . She decided to train herself to tolerate blood . She made herself watch lots of medical videos containing blood . Now PERSON does n't mind blood and is in nursing school !	At the age of 40 PERSON decided to go to school again . She wanted to train to become a nurse . She was a little out of her element at first but loved it . She did really well and got great grades . After graduation she was hired and she was thrilled to start !	PERSON was interested in a career in medicine . She studied hard in college in all of her courses . She graduated with a degree in nursing . PERSON searched for the perfect hospital to work at . Now , PERSON has her dream job as a nurse .	PERSON was a nurse . She helps a lot of patients per day and it 's very tiring . She deals with a lot of anxiety . She got an anxiety attack . She had to be helped in the same hospital she worked for .	PERSON has to help with a surgery . This is her first time . She listens to what the surgeon says . Everything turned out well PERSON was very relieved .	PERSON wanted to be a nurse . She applied for night school . She was accepted , and she began attending night classes . She persevered for a whole year . Then PERSON was given her LPN degree !	PERSON wanted to be a nurse in her future . She decided to get very good grades in school . She applied to nursing schools and got accepted ! In college , she worked hard and passed all of her exams . PERSON thinks she will easily make the progress needed to be a nurse .	Raven was a nurse . She lost her job for some undisclosed reason . She has been trying to make money again . She ca n't find a job . She decides to use mturks .
new glasses	PERSON needed new glasses . She had broken hers while running . She could not decide on a style . She finally let the optician pick some out for her . PERSON was glad to see again .	PERSON broke his glasses last week . He made an appointment with an optometrist for a new pair . He spent half an hour picking out new glasses . PERSON eagerly waited for his prescription to arrive . When the optometrist called , he rushed to pick up his new glasses .	PERSON had really bad vision . He finally went to an optometrist . PERSON was told he needed new glasses . PERSON could n't afford them . He stayed squinting for a long while .	PERSON took an eye exam . And the results showed that she needed to wear glasses . So PERSON chose the best looking pair she could find . But she stilled hated how she looked in them . PERSON never wore them despite her blurry vision .	PERSON was having a hard time seeing . She needed glasses to correct her eyesight . She wanted to pick out her favorite color . They only had one frame that had purple . PERSON ended up getting the purple glasses .	I went to get some new glasses . The selection in my price range was small . I could n't decide what I wanted . I chose black frames with cheetah print . They broke after the first week of wear .	Today was the day PERSON was getting new glasses . She would no longer have to wear the broken taped up ones . She could n't spend as much on the new ones . As a result they were n't as nice as her first pair . But at least the were n't covered in tape .	PERSON broke his glasses . They were shattered all over the ground . He decided to buy a new pair . He went to the doctor . He picked out his favorite pair .	I got new glasses in the spring of 2015 . We went to a graduation ceremony in June . I was cleaning my glasses when the lens popped out . I was able to pop it back in . I brought the glasses back and complained to the optician .
math	I used to be very bad at math . I had to use my fingers to add . I could n't multiply at all . I spent a year learning my multiplication tables . Now my brain does n't seem to mind math much at all !	PERSON hated math . She did n't have a hard time with it , she just hated it . In high-school she decided to be a math tutor . She figured it would help her get over her hate of it . She was wrong and quit within a month .	PERSON fell behind in his math class . He could not understand what they were learning in class . His parents decided to hire a private tutor . He spent three hours learning with his tutor twice a week . After a month , PERSON is already ahead of his class .	PERSON wanted to ace his math class . He asked for a friend to tutor him . The friend said yes . They worked together tirelessly . PERSON got an A !	A man desired to improve his math skills to get better grades . His school work challenged him very much so he worked hard . He practiced everyday for one hour per day . He saw his math skills improve . He saw his test scores improve .	PERSON was not very good at math . No matter how hard she tried , she did n't understand . A tutor tried to help PERSON with her math . The tutor was unsuccessful . PERSON never learned how to do math very well .	PERSON was bad at math . He tried studying , but to no avail . Then his mom hired a private tutor . She helped PERSON study after school each day . With her help , PERSON improved his grades dramatically !	PERSON took a math class . He needed some help . He asked Harry for help . Harry tutored PERSON . PERSON passed the class with flying colors .	PERSON was failing math . Then her parents hired her a tutor . Every day after school , she studied with him . Slowly she began to understand the concepts . Her grades improved dramatically !
the store	PERSON needed to go to the store , but did not have a car . He thought about taking the bus or walking . Because he decided to play basketball later , he decided to walk . During the walk , he got to enjoy the beauty of nature . He decided to take walks every morning because of his experience .	PERSON was hard at work . She was opening a boutique . She ordered lots of clothes to sell . On opening day , there was a huge line at the door . PERSON hoped they would like her merchandise !	PERSON went into a fancy store to purchase some makeup . The sales ladies tried to sell her a lot of things . PERSON came out of the store with way more makeup than she needed . She felt uneasy about all of the money she spent . The next day she went and returned half of the makeup she bought .	PERSON had a store . Her store was robbed , because she forgot to lock the door . She was so upset , she closed her store . PERSON bought the store from PERSON . He always locked the door .	PERSON 's parents wanted to know where she had been . She pulled a candy bar from her pocket . They believed she had been at the store . They never knew she was at the park with a boy they disliked . And she never planned on telling them .	PERSON went to the store . He wanted to buy some chips . While he was at the store he remembered he had to buy a lot of things . He bought all the things he needed . PERSON forgot to buy his chips , though .	PERSON was out of milk . She decided to go to the store for milk . She saw that eggs and cheese were on sale . She bought milk , eggs , and cheese . PERSON spent too much money at the store and was n't able to go out later .	My sister and I used to walk to the corner store once a week . We would talk and laugh on our way to buy candy . It was something we both enjoyed and looked forward to . On a recent visit back home , I discovered the store had burned down . I lost a little bit of my childhood in that ash .	PERSON needed to go shopping . She went to the grocery store but forgot her list . She grabbed random things and threw them in the cart . When she got home , she was n't sure what to cook . She had bought an assortment of junk .
squirrel	PERSON was going on her evening run in the neighborhood . When she got back she noticed a baby squirrel on the lawn . It was barely moving because it had fallen out of its tree . She took it into the house , but her dad would not let her keep it . She called a shelter so they could adopt the squirrel .	PERSON went for a walk . She saw a squirrel . Then she looked again . It was n't a squirrel . It was a chipmunk .	PERSON heard a noise in the fireplace . He opened the fireplace doors . A squirrel was huddled up in the back corner by the logs . PERSON coaxed the squirrel out with some peanuts . PERSON let the squirrel go outside in his backyard .	One day , I heard a noise in my room . There was a squirrel in the walls ! We put a trap in the attic with food and water and a bed . He finally went inside the little cage . When we brought him outside , the other squirrels started to chatter .	I snapped the picture . I had waited for exactly the right moment . We had set out some bread on a picnic bench . I wanted a picture of a squirrel . It was on a camping trip with my family .	A squirrel lived in a tree outside PERSON 's bedroom . Everyday it tried to steal seeds from a bird feeder out there . However there was a device to prevent the squirrels from getting any . So PERSON dismantled the squirrel preventing device . Soon the squirrel was big and fat on bird seed .	PERSON retired from work . PERSON was bored of being retired . PERSON needed to find something fun to do . PERSON saw a squirrel and fed it . John realized that feeding squirrels was a worthwhile activity .	PERSON loved squirrels a lot . She thought they were very cute . One day , she walked outside of her house . Then , she walked up to a tree . After that , she was able to see a squirrel and feed it .	PERSON loved all animals , and always wanted to bring home wild ones . One day he found an injured squirrel and brought it home to nurse . His mother was repulsed , and thought it was little better than a rat . The squirrel recovered , and PERSON looked forward to training him . But he got home to find his mother had evicted the recovered animal .
PERSON 's hat	PERSON had taken sewing classes for weeks . She was determined to sew her mom a hat for Christmas . She cut and stitched and decorated , working hard . She was so nervous that her mom would n't like the hat . But that hat was the only one her mom wore all winter !	PERSON had a favorite hat . He looked all over the house for it . He was upset that he could n't find it . PERSON asked his mother if she knew where it was . She handed it to him saying she had just cleaned it .	PERSON went on vacation to LOCATION . It was very sunny and bright . PERSON decided to get a hat to block out the sun . He looked at sombreros and baseball caps . Eventually PERSON chose a large cowboy hat .	Ina has a favorite hat she wears a lot . One window day , the hat blew off . PERSON chased her hat down the street . She caught it 4 blocks away . PERSON takes more care with her hat now .	PERSON lost his hat at the train station . He put up posters of his hat . After a week , someone called PERSON . She had found his hat on a bench . She returned it him and he bought her dinner to say thank you .	PERSON had lost her brand new hat . She looked everywhere for her hat . She was about to give up when she looked at her dog 's house . The dog had a few scraps of fabric in his mouth . He had eaten the hat .	PERSON checked the laundry to make sure his hat was washed . When he opened the washer door , he found that the hat was discolored . He accidentally poured bleach into load instead of softener . Frustrated he took the hat to a store in order to replace it . He showed it to a clerk who found a replacement and he left the store .	PERSON wore his blue beanie outside . His friend took the hat off of his head . PERSON chased his friend through a field . His friend got away from PERSON . The next day his friend came over wearing PERSON 's hat .	PERSON was having a terrible day . He could n't find his lucky hat . He did n't even have enough luck to remember where he saw it last . He searched the closet , stopping in front of his mirror . His hat was on his head .
mturk	A friend told me about Mechanical Turk . I decided to research it when I got home . I was intrigued enough to sign up . The registration was easy . I now have an mturk account .	There once was a requester that wanted a story . He asked for a complete , coherent idea . One day , someone had to write one . He thought it was difficult . As a result , he never did the hit again .	PERSON was posting hits on mturk . People finished the hits quicker than expected . He gave them all rejections . Many turkers wrote him demanding compensation . He overturned the rejections because they nagged so much .	I was working on an mTurk hit today . I received credit , but got a note detailing grammatical errors . I was mortified , and vowed to be more careful . I installed Grammarly in an effort to be better . I hope this works out .	My daughter , who works for NYU 's business school , told me about mTurk . She told me it was a way to make small amounts of money online . I was retired , so I checked mTurk out . I started doing hits and found them to be stimulating . Now I do mTurk all day .	PERSON wanted to make money . But she also wanted to stay at home with her children . So she began to do research for work at home jobs . Through research she discovered mturk . PERSON now makes money working on mturk .	PERSON wanted to make a little bit of spending money on Mturk . PERSON sadly realized Sundays were usually slow . Luckily , he found a fun HIT involving story writing . PERSON raced to do as many as he could . PERSON crossed his fingers hoping his work does not get rejected .	PERSON works online at mturk He recently got some rejections for a task . He did not think he did it wrong . He contacted the requester . He got the rejection reversed	PERSON could n't find a job . He decides to try mturks . He started making a decent amount per day . PERSON enjoys it and continues for a while . He eventually makes over $ 70 a day but it 's not enough .
cruise	I wanted to go on a cruise as I had never been on one before . For 2 years , I saved money every month from my paychecks . I went online to purchase a ticket for the cruise . The prices had increased dramatically compared to 2 years ago . I was n't able to afford the trip , so I bought myself a tv instead .	PERSON and her family went on a cruise . They had an amazing journey . On one stop they missed the boat . They had to fly to their next destination . It cost them a ton of money .	The man put the car on cruise control . A car in front of him was going too slow . The man took the car off of cruise control . He passed the car when it was safe . He put the car back on cruise control .	PERSON entered a contest at the local grocery store . She submitted her name and phone number . Three weeks later she got a phone call . The contest administrators were calling to say she 'd won ! PERSON got a free cruise to the LOCATION !	I decided to go on a cruise . I booked a trip for my wife and I for a four day Bahamas cruise . It was everything we could have dreamed of . Alas , when we returned home we realized how much we missed the cruise . We decided to book another one !	PERSON and PERSON wanted to go on a cruise for their honeymoon . They scrimped and saved for a whole year . Then they booked their tickets and set sail ! Although their honeymoon was a year late , it was worth it . Each of the newlyweds had the time of their lives !	PERSON was going on a cruise for her vacation . She was quite excited . She could n't wait to go . As she walked on the ship she realized something . She left her bag at home .	PERSON went on a cruise with his family . He had fun each day , and at every port . While on the way home , it was announced that someone on board was ill . The cruise ship doubled its speed to get back to shore . They made it in time , and PERSON learned that the passenger was okay .	My wife 's boss PERSON went on a cruise last year . One day they offered tooth whitening . PERSON and his wife had their teeth done . PERSON said his teeth hurt afterward . When they returned he had to see a dentist .
the squirrel	PERSON 's dog was acting very hyper . She decided to take him on a walk . On the walk PERSON 's dog saw a squirrel . He broke away from the leash and chased the squirrel down the street . PERSON was relieved when he finally returned back a few minutes later .	PERSON was walking through the park one day when she saw a squirrel . She offered it a nut . The squirrel slowly approached . Instead of eating the nut , it attacked ! It jumped on PERSON 's face and bit her nose .	The squirrel climbed down the tree . The squirrel looked around the yard . There were no dogs . The squirrel chewed on some grass . The squirrel climbed back up the tree .	The homeowner heard a scary noise in the attic . He went up to investigate it . He was scared it was a burglar ! He spotted a creature with a bushy tail and beady eyes . There was a wild squirrel in the attic !	One day PERSON saw a squirrel . She had heard once that squirrel 's enjoyed nuts . PERSON got some peanuts from the kitchen . She left them at the base of the squirrel 's tree . The next day , they were all gone !	PERSON was driving her car on the highway . A squirrel ran out in front of her car . She swerved to avoid it but almost caused an accident . She was honked at by two other cars that almost crashed . She wondered after that if it was worth swerving in the first place .	We had moved to LOCATION . I had never seen a squirrel before . One day while outside one jumped right on me . I almost had a heart attack . It ran away after I screamed .	The squirrel went into a new yard . A dog came flying out the door . The squirrel ran as fast as possible . The squirrel got to the tree just in time . The dog barked at the base of the tree at the squirrel .	There was a squirrel running around outside of my apartment . He appeared to be panicking greatly . Then I saw what he was running from , a giant snake ! The snake was intent on catching the squirrel for dinner . Luckily the squirrel made it up a tree before the snake caught him .
dirty dishes	PERSON spent almost an hour cleaning all the dishes at his house . He was glad to see his kitchen finally cleaned . But when he and his family had dinner , the kitchen became a mess . PERSON was too tired to do the dishes again . And nobody else wanted to help .	PERSON hated to wash dishes . His girlfriend usually washed them , but she wanted him to start . She complained that he did n't help around the house enough . But then he realized that he could put them all away dirty on purpose . Therefore , his girlfriend never asked him to wash dishes again .	Yesterday I left work and had a sink full of dirty dishes . This morning I woke up and the dishes started to stink . I began washing the dishes . I could not find out why they stunk so bad . After all the dishes were done I realized it was the trash stinking .	PERSON had several messy roommates . He kept trying to get them to wash their dishes . They always had excuses not to . One day PERSON decided to move out . He did n't tell any of them and cut off communication .	PERSON hated to do the dishes . So did everyone in their family . They had lots of dirty dishes in the sink . When it was time for dinner there were no dishes ! They finally had to wash them .	PERSON was angry about doing all of the dishes for his family . But he was afraid to ask someone else to do them . So he did a poor job of washing the dishes on purpose . But one day , everyone became sick . PERSON felt guilty and went back to washing the dishes thoroughly .	Will was washing his dishes . But he remembered he had a doctor 's appointment in 10 minutes . So he washed his dishes as fast as he could . After he had dinner at home , he felt sick . And Will had to go to the doctor 's again .	PERSON had many dishes to clean . But she was not in the mood for work . After dinner time , her sink was full of dishes . But after an hour of cleaning them , there were still dishes to wash . From then on , PERSON never let dirty dishes pile up .	PERSON lived with two roommates . He was the messiest of all three . PERSON often forgot to do the dishes . After a while it created big fights . PERSON was forced to move out .
broken chair	One of Tim 's chairs was partially broken . He had a few friends over one night . A fat one sat on the chair . It broke underneath him . He was embarrassed even as PERSON explained it was already broken .	PERSON was having a small party . His fat friend did n't find a place to sit . He wound up finding a chair tucked in a faraway corner . He sat on it and fell right to the floor and was embarrassed . PERSON tried to explain that the chair was broken to begin with .	One of my favorite chairs was the wooden one I owned . I absolutely loved that chair . Unfortunately the chair broke . I was devastated . Thankfully I can get it fixed .	PERSON had a broken chair . He kept it around for aesthetic reasons . Last week he had new people over . He forgot to tell them about the broken chair . ONe of them sat on it and fell .	One time my brother was sitting in a recliner . I was behind the chair . I pushed down on the chair until the foot rest went out . Then the chair did not work properly . I was in trouble with my parents .	Yesterday I sat in my chair . To my surprise it broke right in front of me . I was very disappointed . I could n't believe it broke . But thankfully I was able to get it fixed .	PERSON bought a chair at an antique store . He got a good deal on it because it was slightly broken . PERSON decided to fix it himself . He went online and got a tutorial and tools . It took him a bit but PERSON successfully fixed up the antique chair .	PERSON went to sit down one day . The chair broke and he fell down . PERSON was embarrassed in front of coworkers . He told his boss about it . The company got him a new chair the same day .	This morning I took a seat in my favorite chair . To my surprise , the chair broke . When it broke I fell straight to the floor . I ended up spraining my ankle . However it felt better with ice on it .
retirement	My father was a cook in Chinese restaurants . He was temperamental and changed jobs often . Luckily he was a good cook and could get work easily . One day he quit and was unable to find work . He retired on social security .	PERSON was retired . He was bored . He decided to work in order to not be bored . He took a low paying , but fun job . PERSON loved his new work situation and life .	PERSON was about to retire . She wanted to buy a little house . She tried everywhere to apply for a loan . PERSON could n't get a loan from any source . She died in a little leaky apartment .	My wife is retiring by the end of August . Her boss said she would post a help wanted ad online in July . Today her boss asked her to reconsider retiring . My wife said she had not changed her mind . Her boss was sad .	PERSON and PERSON made a pact to live together in their later Year 's . When they retired , they both had a long discussion . At the end of the discussion , they decided to move to LOCATION . PERSON being from LOCATION made all the arrangements . Their first day of retirement , they flew to LOCATION and lived life .	When PERSON was 70 years old , he retired . He had been looking forward to retirement all of his life . He sat in his armchair and thought about all the fun things to do . Instead , he sat there and did nothing . He missed his old job tremendously .	PERSON just retired from her job of thirty Year 's ! Her and her husband are going to travel the world She has all these big plans for the rest of her life . She took today off though just to sit and reflect on her life . PERSON was extremely thankful and was looking forward to retirement .	PERSON was a very frugal man . He never ate out and drove an old car . His co-workers thought he was nuts . Instead , PERSON put his money into his savings and retirement accounts . He ended up retiring ten years before all his colleagues .	Frank had been working for 30 years . He finally retired . He was so excited to relax and spend his days however he wanted . He enjoyed all his free time . Retirement was great !
fireworks	PERSON took his lighter out and waited . In the distance his friend waved in a big gesture . PERSON flicked the lighter on . He brought the flame to a fuse if a firework . Once the fuse was lit he ran away .	PERSON had served in the army . He had just come back from active duty . PERSON was attending a New Year 's celebration . He knew that the fireworks would remind him of gunfire . PERSON left before the fireworks .	PERSON was excited for tonight because it was fourth of July . PERSON bought lots of fireworks . He was going to have a BBQ and fireworks with his family at his house . The night came and PERSON was ready to pop his fireworks . PERSON had a good fourth of July .	PERSON and his friends were lighting off fireworks . PERSON got out a big mortar that was illegal in his state . He did n't have a pipe to put it in so he dug a hole in the ground . When the mortar went off it traveled about five feet into the air . PERSON was blind afterwards and had to get extensive surgery .	Fourth of July was one of PERSON 's favorite holidays . After a day of swimming , picnics and games there were fireworks . It was the perfect way to end the day . This year 's display was the best yet . PERSON was feeling quite satisfied when he got home late that night .	For 4th of July PERSON 's parents were taking her to fireworks . She had never been to a real display before . She was very excited as darkness fell . Finally the first firework exploded into the air . She was surprised at how loud it was !	In 1998 we set off fireworks by the pond where we live . It was July 4th . We saw a police car across the pond . It flashed its lights and started around the pond . We ran home and stayed quiet until the police left .	Since it was Independence Day , we decided to light fireworks . We carefully selected a good spot to place them . We lit the fireworks , then ran away . The fireworks exploded into a shower of beautiful colors . It was a great way to celebrate .	Last Saturday , some people lit up fireworks at 2 AM . The noise woke me up . Our cat went under the bed . The fireworks lasted only a minute . The cat came back out a few minutes later .
hard work	The group leader required us to complete at least 10 PowerPoint slides . I did some research on the same day . A few weeks later , I ended up with 25 slides of work . I submitted my assignment to the leader before the due date . She was impressed and thanked me .	PERSON has always wanted to buy herself a car . When PERSON was old enough to work she found a job . She went to work every day mopping floors . PERSON saved all of the money she earned . After five years PERSON finally bought herself the car of her dreams .	PERSON got cut from the basketball team his junior year . The coach told him he needs to become quicker and taller . PERSON spent the entire summer working on his speed . And he had a late growth spurt and grew three inches . He made the team the following year .	PERSON entered his school 's art competition . And he wanted to win first place . He spent weeks and weeks on a landscape painting . But he was devastated when he did n't even make it into the top three . PERSON regret all of the hard work he put in .	PERSON was having a lot of money problems . She needed to figure out how to increase her income . She needed to catch up on her house payment . She started following a financial advisor . She was able to turn her life around .	PERSON worked more than 40 hours every week . She hoped that her hard work would be recognized . Her supervisor however did not give her a stellar review . PERSON was very disappointed and disheartened . She started looking for a new job .	PERSON wanted to sprint for the school 's track team . At the time he was a bit too slow and always came in last . He took a year and worked on his speed and diet . The following season PERSON joined track . He ended up being the fastest sprinter on the team .	I tried out for the football team at school . I got cut from the team after tryouts . The coach said that I was n't big enough to successfully play . Determined to prove him wrong I spent the next year working out . I became stronger and bigger and the next year I made the team !	PERSON was landscaping his backyard . He had already leveled the earth for the grass . PERSON needed to dig a trench for the sprinkler system . He worked tirelessly from dawn to dusk . He had the sprinklers installed the next day .
car crash	I was driving to work one day . All of a sudden the car in front of me breaks . I slammed on my breaks and was hit from behind . My car was completely totaled . I ended up buying a new car because of the incident .	PERSON was driving home late from work . It was raining and storming out . She hit a slick spot and lost control of the car . PERSON could n't gain control and hit a tree . She had to get the car towed and replaced .	PERSON was struck by a drunk driver . Her car slammed into a telephone pole . PERSON was thrown through the windshield and injured badly . She was rushed to the hospital , where doctors tended her . They ended up keeping her hospitalized for three weeks .	It was a dark and stormy night , and PERSON was driving too fast . Approaching a curve in the road , he overcorrected while steering . This caused his car to slide clear off of the road and into a ditch . The impact caused a tree to fall right on top of the car . The tree crushed PERSON and he died .	PERSON was at dinner with her family . PERSON was eating a lobster . PERSON was using her teeth to crack the shells . PERSON cracked a tooth on one of the shells . Everyone laughed at PERSON 's funny smile .	PERSON liked to drive fast cars . PERSON would sometimes speed when he was driving . One day , PERSON drove too fast and got into an accident . His car slammed into a tree and was totaled . PERSON had to learn to like biking because he lost his car .	I tried to swerve out of the path of the truck . He obviously was n't watching where he was going . He steadily changed lanes on me . I started honking my horn as hard as I could . Finally he noticed and swerved back into his lane .	PERSON was driving with her best friend . It was late at night . All of the sudden they were sideswiped . The passenger 's side was hit . PERSON and her friend were okay but ended checkups .	PERSON was driving her car one wintry day . She hit a patch of black ice . Her car started spinning uncontrollably . She had never felt so scared in her life . Her car stopped on a flat median .
new clothes	PERSON had just lost a lot of weight . He had shed 50 pounds through diet and exercise . He went to the mall to buy new clothes . He bought a new shirt and pants . His girlfriend thought he looked great in his new clothes .	PERSON lost 50 pounds and her clothes no longer fit . She decided to get some new jeans for her new body . She was loving her reflection as she tried on jeans . She was really proud of her new figure . PERSON was so impressed she bought new jeans and new shirts as well .	PERSON needed new clothes . She told her mom . They went on a shopping spree . PERSON was able to get new outfits . She was glad her mom took her .	PERSON 's washer stopped working one day , but she needed clean clothes . She did n't know how to fix a washer , and the repairman was busy . PERSON asked the repairman to come later that week , and he said OK . Then , PERSON went to the mall and bought herself some new outfits ! She had fun splurging , and she got her washer fixed eventually .	Angel got a big bonus for all of her hard work at her job . She decided to treat herself , but was n't sure how . She chose to go shopping . She wanted new clothes anyhow . She went online and found a few outfits she liked and bought them .	PERSON and PERSON were shopping for clothes at the mall . But PERSON wanted to go into a store that sold goth clothes . PERSON began to feel uncomfortable inside the store . And she felt strange when PERSON brought goth clothing items . PERSON thought PERSON was too weird to hang around with anymore .	PERSON was cleaning her closet last week . She noticed she had almost no new clothes . It made her sad . She felt poor and worthless . She closed the closet door rather than finish cleaning .	PERSON was middle aged and over the last few years had gained weight . She always struggled with going on diets that did not work . PERSON 's friend gave her a gift card for her birthday . She went to the mall and bought some new clothes that fit her well . PERSON felt great in her new clothes despite her weight .	PERSON needed a new pair of pants for work . She did n't have a lot of money , so she went to a thrift store . She could n't find any pants there in her size . There was a pair that was a size too small , so she bought them . PERSON was uncomfortable the first day of her new job .
puppies	I have a dog named lollipop . She is pregnant and nearly to gave birth . When the delivery time arrived , lollipop delivered four puppies . But one puppy is weak and unconscious . One puppy died and three were alive .	My mom 's dog was getting very fat . My mom knew she was n't feeding her too much . So , my mom took her to the vet . The vet declared that the dog was pregnant . Now , my mom has four dogs .	PERSON wanted a puppy . She begged her parents for months . On her birthday , her parents brought her to the animal shelter . She picked out a puppy and they adopted him . PERSON loved the dog and they were inseparable .	PERSON loved dogs . Her family decided to get a puppy . He was so much work . She did n't know it would be that hard . She decided to get rid of the puppy .	We had a litter of puppies last week . There are five cute puppies . We call the small one Tiny . We named the biggest one Fatty . The puppies eyes are starting to open today .	PERSON 's dog was going to have puppies any day . She made sure she was comfortable . When PERSON came home from work , Pepper was in labor . Pepper had 8 little pups . They kept all 8 babies .	My dog had puppies . It was cold outside . She came into the garage . She had one puppy outside . It did not survive .	PERSON 's dog had puppies . PERSON tried to help with them . The dog was overly protective . It caused two puppies to die . PERSON was able to save the rest .	PERSON had a really rough day . Her friends suggested she go rent a puppy for a day . PERSON liked the idea . She drove with her friend to the Puppy Barn . The puppy made her really happy again .
bad luck	The teacher handed our test packets . I realized that I studied for the wrong material . However , I tried to answer the questions . The next day , the teacher gave us our test grades . She told me that I failed .	The waiter handed PERSON the bill . He gave his credit card to her so she can process the payment . She left for a moment and came back quickly . She told him that there 's no balance on the card . Therefore , PERSON had to wait for his parents to pay the bill .	PERSON took a trip to LOCATION LOCATION . He planned on gambling while he was there . One his way to the casino , PERSON tripped and fell . PERSON broke two bones in his ankle . PERSON spent the night in the hospital instead of the casino .	PERSON was walking to work . On the way , he tripped on the sidewalk and landed on his back . PERSON went to the doctor . He found out that he had fractured his spine . PERSON was out of work for a few months .	PERSON liked to play the slots in LOCATION LOCATION . Today he hoped to hit the jackpot . He played his favorite machine all day , but did n't win . He eventually had to get something to eat , he walked away . With his back turned , he heard bells and cheers , he never turned back .	PERSON went to the casino and bet all his money on black . The ball landed in red and PERSON lost all his money . PERSON was glad that he lost it all at once . He spent the rest of his time walking around the casino . He told himself that he at least got exercise out of this bad luck .	After an unfortunate accident , PERSON 's car was totaled . She 'd had the car for years , and hated the idea of losing it . But she was excited when she found the perfect new car a week later . She had just started driving it when a Ford plowed into her . PERSON cursed her rotten luck .	PERSON is extremely superstitious . Yesterday she found a black cat in her backyard . She screamed and ran into the house , knocking over a mirror . Though scared , PERSON picked up the cat and drove it to a shelter . She hopes her good karma might offset any bad luck .	PERSON was walking across the sidewalk . She slipped on a crack that was on one of the concrete tiles . She fell on the ground and her belongings got scattered . They well inside a sewer cage . The water under the well carried it away .
clothes	PERSON went to the thrift store . He was searching for a leather coat . He found out for a good price but abraham is kind of cheap . He tried to haggle with the worker . The worker was n't having it and kicked him out .	PERSON needed new clothes . He shopped online . He did n't find what he wanted . He went to a local store . He found the best clothes there .	I had a pretty party dress that I wanted to wear to class . I put it on , together with fancy shoes and some fake pearls . Thinking that I looked spectacular , I proudly walked into class . The whole class started to laugh . Apparently , it is unacceptable to wear a party dress to class .	PERSON needed new clothes for an interview . He did not know where to go . He also did not have any money . He begged people for money . They gave him money .	PERSON needed new clothes . He had not been shopping in years . PERSON decided to go to the mall . PERSON found many great articles of clothing there . PERSON bought a new wardrobe .	PERSON did n't have any clothes to wear . He was sad because he really wanted clothes . He asked his friend if he could borrow some clothes . His friend gave him some clothes . PERSON was happy because he got to wear clothes .	PERSON had a date tonight . She did not know what to wear . She looked in her closet for hours . She tried on clothes for a long time . PERSON 's date arrived but had to wait for her to be ready .	PERSON is having a hard time picking out what to wear today . She does n't have anywhere in particular to go . She just wants to look nice and casual . After trying over 15 outfits , she calls it quits . She spends the rest of the day online shopping .	I was at a rock concert . The lead singer threw free shirts to the audience . Unfortunately mine was too big . I saw a guy that had one that was too small . We exchanged shirts and were very happy .
smoke	PERSON was concerned about her mother 's smoking . She respectfully approached the subject with her mom . PERSON tearfully explained she was worried her mom would get cancer . Her mom bought some nicotine gum and tried to quit smoking . She succeeded and now PERSON 's not worried about her mom getting cancer .	PERSON saw smoke coming from under her hood . She pulled over quickly . Then she called the auto club to help her . They towed her car to a garage . There , the mechanic fixed PERSON 's smoking engine .	The smoke permeated the entire room . I could feel it getting hotter with the door closed . I did n't say anything because I did n't want to be offensive . I felt like my nostrils were closing up on me . I could barely breathe from all the smoke .	PERSON was in chemistry class one day . The class was doing a science experiment . Benji tried to do it correctly , but he messed up . His chemicals reacted badly and created billowing white smoke ! Nothing caught on fire , luckily .	PERSON wanted her mom to stop smoking . She left anti-smoking pamphlets around the house . She drew pictures of diseased lungs . She even bought her mom a pack of nicotine gum . Unfortunately , her mom kept smoking .	PERSON saw PERSON standing around in the parking lot . She always thought PERSON was cute . They made contact and PERSON waved her over . As she approached , PERSON pulled out a cigarette and offered her one . PERSON frowned and politely declined .	PERSON was sick of terry smoking cigarettes . PERSON decided to quit . PERSON was happy when he told her . PERSON later on dumped him for another guy . PERSON started smoking again .	PERSON wanted to quit smoking . He bought nicotine patches to help him . He applied a new one every day . Slowly his cravings diminished . Soon PERSON was smoke-free !	PERSON was at a Casino in Vegas with her friends . She was bored and ready to leave . The air was stale inside the casino . She thought she would go outside and get some fresh air . Instead she got more stale , smoky air .
heat	PERSON was very cold in his apartment . He put on extra clothes . He was still very cold . He turned up the heater . He felt much better with the heater turned up .	PERSON was a fitness enthusiast . PERSON wanted to improve his fitness . He decided to move to LOCATION . He would train outdoors all summer . He felt his fitness improve due to the heat .	PERSON could not afford an air conditioner , but wanted one . Then one summer , temperatures rose to over 100 degrees ! PERSON was forced to rearrange her budget . Then she went to the store with her limited cash . There , she finally bought her long-desired air conditioner !	It was 100 degrees in PERSON 's house . He decided to buy an air conditioner . He started doing research on what to buy . At the store he found the perfect one . He is now cool and relaxed in his house .	PERSON was playing basketball . But she began feeling really exhausted . The game was almost over , so she continued to play . But later , she found herself in a hospital . Her friends told her she had a heat stroke .	PERSON had to cook dinner for her family . But it was ninety degrees outside ! She dreaded turning on the stove and oven . Then she decided to open the front door to let in a breeze . That helped cool the house off while PERSON cooked .	PERSON lived in a house that was fueled by propane . On a frigid winter day , he saw that the tank was almost empty . PERSON was nervous he would be without heat . He called the propane company and requested a refill . Several hours later , the truck arrived and refilled the tank .	The woman turned up the heat . Her husband felt too warm . He turned down the heat about one hour later . The woman checked the thermostat . She yelled at her husband for turning down the heat .	PERSON wanted to go for a walk . But it was 95 degrees outside . She decided she needed the exercise . She began to walk to the park near her home . After 10 minutes she was drenched in sweat .
the guitar	PERSON bought a guitar . She played it for her family . She was so bad that they threw tomatoes at her . PERSON practiced very hard . After a week she was sensational at playing .	My son is learning to play the guitar . He has been practicing every night . He is starting to get better and not as embarrassed . He will not play in front of his mom and dad . We love to listen to our son learn the guitar .	I wanted to learn to play guitar . I went to a music store . A salesman let me play with a guitar in a corner . A string snapped , flying up and hitting me in the face . I immediately handed back the guitar .	PERSON started the year without knowing how to play the guitar . He vowed that he would learn to do it by December . He bought an expensive guitar . He practiced every day . At the end of the year he was pretty good at it .	The kids wanted to learn a new instrument . They decided the guitar would be fun . They each bought a guitar and some music . Their teacher came that night for the first lesson . They were excited to become good guitar players .	The girl was learning to play a new instrument . She had a guitar . She practiced her chords every day . Soon , she could play actual songs ! She was excited to get even better at the guitar .	Will and his parents went to garage sales every Saturday . Will stumbled on a used guitar and really wanted it . He offered the man 5 dollars for the guitar . The man refused to sell it unless PERSON paid 20 dollars . Will 's mom loaned him the extra money and PERSON got the guitar .	PERSON decided to practice playing guitar . While playing , he noticed the guitar was out of tune . He broke a string while tuning . PERSON was very annoyed with himself . He reluctantly drove to the store to buy new strings .	PERSON wanted to learn how to play a song . He worked very hard practicing on his guitar . He tried over and over . One day he finally got it and it clicked for him . PERSON played the song wonderfully on the guitar .
traffic	PERSON wanted to learn how to drive . So she studied and got her permit . But she became too scared while on the road . And one day , she almost got in a car accident . PERSON never wanted to drive again .	PERSON took half a day off at work . When it was 1PM she drove in . Halfway there she ran into heavy traffic due to an accident . She was not expecting this . PERSON arrived 30 minutes late .	PERSON left his workplace after closing time . He got into his car and drove down the road . PERSON began to notice that traffic was moving slowly . He sat in traffic for an hour before it loosened up . PERSON drove to his house and went to bed .	The traffic on the way home was atrocious . There was construction everywhere . She was very nervous as she drove over the giant bridge into the city . The semis zoomed around them . They were relieved to make it home safely .	PERSON was driving home from work . He was stuck in traffic . It was especially bad at that time . PERSON used it to listen to music and try to relax . It was too frustrating to work .	PERSON was trying to get home . He got stuck in traffic . People were honking their horns and rubbernecking . It took PERSON an hour to get home . PERSON was irritable when he finally got home .	PERSON woke up for work earlier than usual this morning . He wanted to beat the morning traffic rush . He got in his car and pulled out of his neighborhood . PERSON hit heavy traffic due to unforeseen construction work . Ironically , PERSON ended up being late for work .	I was going to see my cousin graduate . There was a traffic jam . My family took a detour . We had to find a different bridge . It did not save us any time .	We were going on vacation . We got a really late start . As soon as we hit the highway we ran into construction . The drive took twice as long as we expected . I was exhausted by the time we reached our hotel .
choices	PERSON made wings for her friends at a party . Everyone complained that they were tired of hot wings . PERSON went to the kitchen and took out every sauce she had . She put the sauces in small bowls and brought them out . All the friends enjoyed the variety of wing sauces .	PERSON was at the mall . But he could n't decide what to eat . He walked around the food court . But there were too many choices . Half an hour later , he decided to eat nothing .	My wife and I had decided to visit the LOCATION LOCATION in January . Christmas took us totally by surprise . We could give gifts or take vacation . We finally decided to give gifts . There is always next year .	PERSON was deciding whether she should watch a movie . She thought about various movies in her head . And eventually , walked to her DVD collection . PERSON was overwhelmed with choices . So she decided to watch nothing .	I looked at both flavors of donuts . It was difficult to choose . One was crunch and the other cinnamon . I was in the mood for both . I bought mini versions of both flavors .	PERSON 's boss stocked the break room with many types of tea . PERSON wanted to try them all . He wrote a list of every tea on it . Each time at break he drank a tea and crossed it off the list . Once the list was all crossed off he started again .	MJ did n't want to move . She wanted to stay in the city . She knew that she would need to become financially independent . She worked really hard to do so . In the end she got to stay in a small studio in the city she loved .	PERSON 's birthday was coming up . So he was deciding on where to go . He spent the rest of his night looking up restaurants . But he never came to a conclusion . He reluctantly picked a random restaurant at the last second .	PERSON was always a great friend . He would be there for everyone and always answer his phone . But once he got a girlfriend , he stopped responding to messages . He decided his friends were less important . He lost all of his friends .
lost cat	One of my neighbors lost a cat . She posted a note on my door about it . So , I joined the hunt . Luckily , we were able to find the cat . That good fortune really made my friend 's day !	PERSON could not sleep because he heard a whining cat in his backyard . He looked outside and wanted to shoo it away . But he felt sorry and decided to take the cat inside . The next morning , he saw sign for a lost cat , including a reward . PERSON was glad he had sympathy for cat the previous night .	PERSON returned to his home after work . He went to feed his cat . PERSON 's cat was nowhere to be found . PERSON searched everywhere for his cat . His neighbor was able to find his cat the next day .	PERSON 's cat ran away from home one day . PERSON did n't see it for days . He was about to start putting up signs . All of a sudden PERSON 's cat popped up . PERSON was happy and relieved .	PERSON had a cat . She loved the cat . One day it got caught in the tree . PERSON got mad . She looked for it and tried to get it .	One day , PERSON ' cat , PERSON , did not show up at his regular mealtime . PERSON had not seen Bo all day , and he was afraid PERSON had gotten lost . The next day , PERSON found Bo hiding in a box in the basement . Bo had hidden there during the lightning storm the day before . Now , PERSON makes sure he checks the box whenever there is a loud storm .	PERSON swerved her car just in time to avoid a cat . The cat hissed but was safe on the other side of the road . As it did n't have a collar , PERSON got out of her car . She took the cat with her to her home . And once arrived , she created posters to put on the nearby poles .	PERSON lost her cat . She looked everywhere . PERSON even put up flyers . Nobody ever actually called . Eventually PERSON gave up looking .	PERSON 's cat ran away one day . PERSON never got along with it . He tried to look for a day or two . PERSON quickly gave up the search . He got a new cat instead .
the new car	PERSON was so excited . He 'd just bought his first new car . He drove it all over town to show off . The car was so fast and sleek ! PERSON was very happy with his purchase .	PERSON proudly drove her new car to work . She was pleased when a cute guy at work admired the car . The cute guy asked to borrow the car on the weekend to run an errand . PERSON relented , thinking it would lead to a date . That weekend , PERSON saw him with a hot blonde in her new car .	PERSON bought a new toy . It was a really fancy car . She drove it fast through the neighborhood . PERSON took it to her friend 's house to show it off . Everyone was impressed with the new purchase .	PERSON wanted to buy a new car . He did a lot of research online . Eventually he decided on one . When he went to the dealership they did n't have it . PERSON decided to wait until they got one in .	PERSON wanted a new car . He looked through many ads and dealerships in his search . One day his friend showed him a picture of a red sports car . PERSON knew this was the car for him . PERSON bought the car and was very happy .	PERSON saved for many months . Finally , she had a down payment . She went to the dealership and bought a shiny new car . She drove it all around town that night . She was so proud of the new wheels !	One day , while he was driving , PERSON 's car broke down . PERSON was sad because he liked his car . Even so , PERSON had to buy a new car . PERSON went to the dealership . PERSON fell in love with a red convertible car .	PERSON needed a car . Her husband took her car shopping . They were out all day . PERSON was getting sick of car shopping . Suddenly she seen a brand new red car and bought it .	Adam needed a new car . He looked online to find the one he wanted . He found a dealership that sold the car . He went to the dealership and test drove the car . Adam bought the car .
new phone	I finally upgraded to a new phone . I had my prior phone for four years . Its power button did n't work and it lagged like crazy . The new phone does n't have a physical keyboard . I want my terrible old phone back instead .	Today the iPhone was coming out . I was very excited for this release . I waited in line for three hours . When I got to the front , I opened the box . I was amazed at what I saw .	PERSON could not wait to get his new phone . He had ordered the new version of his phone . When he got home , the box was at his door . He ripped into and opened it to find disappointment . His new phone was already shattered .	PERSON was using her new phone to play a game . She was not aware of her surroundings and walked into a poll . The sudden impact forced her to drop her phone . When she picked it back up , the screen was shattered . Luckily , the phone was still covered under warranty .	PERSON needed a new phone . He finally found the one he wanted . He ordered it online . When the phone came in , it was broken . PERSON was extremely disappointed .	Last week I bought a new phone . I let my daughter play games on it . She dropped it on the hard floor . The touchscreen no longer worked . I had to take the phone in for repair .	PERSON just bought a new phone . As she was walking her dog , her dog jerked the leash . PERSON 's phone went flying out of her hand . The phone landed face down and the screen shattered . PERSON could no longer use her new phone .	PERSON ordered a new phone online . He was pumped about getting the latest technology . He tracked the delivery and waited at home for the arrival . When the phone was delivered , he could not wait to rip into the box . However , when he opened the box the screen of the phone was shattered .	PERSON was pumped about buying the latest smartphone . He had ordered it online and it was going to arrive at his house . He received the tracking number and was home when it arrived . When PERSON opened the box , the new phone was in a million pieces . PERSON was so disappointed he had to send it back and wait on another .
PERSON 's new friend	Today is PERSON 's first day of kindergarten . She is nervous about not knowing anyone . The little girl sitting next to her introduced herself as PERSON . At recess , they played tag . Now PERSON has a friend and looks forward to going to class every day .	PERSON decided to try online dating . None of the guys she met were very compatible with her . One day , she met a nice guy named PERSON . They got along very well . Now , they 're best friends .	PERSON and her mother went to go to the pound to pick out a puppy . PERSON liked the spotted one , but he was already adopted . She then saw an old dog in one of the kennels . PERSON decided that she wanted the old dog instead . PERSON and her mother went home with her new best friend !	PERSON was really sad since her beloved pet cat passed away . Her friends told her she should get a new pet , but PERSON demurred . She thought no one could replace PERSON the Siamese cat . Her friends decided to surprise her with a gift of a new kitten . Despite herself , PERSON was immediately enamored of the new pet .	PERSON was very upset when her dog got sick . They had no choice but to put the dog to sleep . PERSON thought she would never get over it . One day , her friend surprised her with a new puppy . PERSON fell in love with the pup and felt a lot better .	PERSON noticed a new boy at her school . She saw the boy eating lunch by himself . PERSON decided to introduce herself to the boy . The boy turned out to be very nice . PERSON was happy that she had made a new friend .	PERSON was a very lonely boy . He did n't play much with other kids . One day he was playing at the local park . He met another boy named PERSON . The two became best friends .	PERSON met a new friend in biology class . They plan to meet at the library to study . PERSON arrives on time and her friend is late . Her friend brings her coffee . PERSON is okay with her friend being late .	PERSON decided to adopt a cat . She went to the shelter , but none of them seemed right . Then she saw a little black cat at the back of the room . PERSON fell in love with the cat immediately . PERSON brought the cat home that day .
ice cream truck	PERSON heard the ice cream truck coming blocks away . He got all his change ready and ran out the door . He got out just in time to catch it . He picked his favorite treats . It was the perfect end to a warm summer afternoon .	All PERSON 's life , he had only one dream for his future . No matter what , PERSON wanted to drive an ice cream truck . He worked very hard to save up for his dream . Finally , after several long years , PERSON had enough money . He bought the truck and started his business .	The kids were playing when they heard the ice cream truck approach . They raced to ask their parents for money for an ice cream . After getting their money , they ran out and flagged down the truck . Each kid waited and paid for their ice cream . They sat outside and ate their ice cream together .	PERSON was playing outside on a hot day . He heard the ice cream truck approaching . PERSON ran inside to look for money . He could n't find any anywhere . The ice cream truck passed and jake could n't get anything .	PERSON was playing outside with friends when they saw Ice Cream Truck . The boys ran up to the truck in delight with smiles on their faces . The menu on the truck was extensive and PERSON got a popsicle . PERSON sucked every last bit of the popsicle and his tongue was blue . He walked away with a sense of delight on his face .	PERSON was playing in his yard . He heard the ice cream truck . PERSON ran inside to try and get money . He could n't get any in time . He got to see the truck drive away .	PERSON was walking in the neighborhood . All the sudden she saw an ice cream truck . PERSON went up to it . She really wanted to get something . She ended up getting a pop .	It was a hot summer day . PERSON was lounging around on his porch . He heard the ice cream truck approach . He ran inside to get some cash . He went back out and bought some refreshing ice cream .	The sound of an ice cream truck became more loud . I decided to run outside and look for the truck . It was moving on the left side of the street . When the truck arrived , I walked to the front . The driver offered several flavors to buy .
money	I wanted to buy a car . I went to the dealership to pick one out . They said that I did n't have enough money for a car . I decided to work very hard for three months . Finally I had the money for a car .	PERSON 's student loans just kicked in last week . She does n't have near enough money to start those payments . She decided to get a part time job in the evenings . Even though she is always tired now she does like the extra income . She now has enough to pay off her student loans .	My wife had a nice life insurance contract . It was worth millions of dollars . I decided to murder her so I could get the money . Alas , the police arrested me after I murdered her . I was sentenced to prison and the money was given away to charity .	There once was a requester on mturk . They put up hits asking people to write stories . The stories got progressively weirder . One person in particular caught the eye of the requester . This led to the requester giving that person a high paying qual .	PERSON had always wanted to have a lot of money . In fact , he wanted to be a millionaire . So , he studied very hard in school . Then , PERSON became the smartest kid in his school . Finally , PERSON got a high paying job and got a lot of money .	The man begged for money . Nobody gave him any . The man was very hungry . The man robbed a store . He was put in jail .	Frank needed money to buy clothes . So PERSON opened up his laptop . He went on the website Mturk . He signed into Mturk and began to do hits . Frank earned enough money to buy new clothes .	Will needed money and in a big hurry . Will looked up the Craigslist gig ads for his area . Will saw someone needed help moving . Will spent the entire portion of the next day moving the lady . Will made an extra hundred bucks that day - just what he needed .	PERSON had been working for months . She saved up $ 10,000 . PERSON had never had so much money ! She counted it over and over again . Then she took it to the bank and put it in her savings account .
stranger	PERSON had just moved to a small town and was looking for work . He was afraid that no one would hire him . His friends had told him that people in the town disliked strangers . After three weeks of job hunting PERSON began to get discouraged . Eventually , to his relief , the local hardware store gave him a job .	PERSON was in line for coffee . Suddenly he heard the woman in front of him speaking . She was telling the cashier she 'd forgotten her wallet ! PERSON stepped up quickly and offered to pay for her coffee . With a smile , she graciously accepted his offer .	PERSON was walking home from school . And he saw a man walking down the sidewalk while talking to himself . The man rummaged through garbage bins and put bottles in a cart . When PERSON reached his house , the man approached him . And PERSON ran inside .	PERSON notices someone following her home . She immediately goes of course . She hastily heads straight towards the police station . As she walks up the to the station she turns around . PERSON is relieved that it is her husband trying to get her attention .	I always come home late at night . I thought it was safe until one night something happened to me . A stranger come near to me and tried to grab my hand . I shouted until someone noticed us so the stranger ran away . From that night i never walk alone late at night .	The man saw a stranger . The stranger seemed interesting . The man introduced himself . The stranger reciprocated . They got a drink together .	PERSON was driving home one cold , rainy night . She saw a girl hitchhiking on the side of the road . PERSON knew it was dangerous to stop for strangers . But her conscience made her pick up the girl . The girl was so thankful for the warm , dry ride home !	PERSON was on her way to class one day when she met a handsome boy . They struck up a conversation , but parted ways when PERSON reached class PERSON thought a lot about this boy during the next few days . Sitting at a coffee shop near campus , she ran into the same boy . To her delight , they exchanged phone numbers and planned a date .	I was waiting for the bus to arrive . Someone come near to me and ask my name . At first i was scared and shy at the same time . But as time goes by , i feel comfortable talking to him . I wanted to know more about him but the bus just arrived .
thanksgiving	Our family was excited to spend Thanksgiving at the cabin . The cabin was located far back in the woods . After eating , our family went for a walk in the woods . We also went for a hayride through the woods . We had a wonderful time celebrating Thanksgiving at the cabin .	This year Uncle PERSON is hosting thanksgiving . He asked if I would get him a turkey . I decided to hunt a wild turkey this year . I used a bow and arrow . The turkey weighs forty pounds .	I never really enjoy Thanksgiving much due to not having much family . This year , I was invited over to my son 's cousin 's house . We had so many food items , the dinner was truly delicious . After we ate , the adults gathered for a few games . When we finished , we said our goodbyes and went home to sleep .	PERSON was hosting her family 's Thanksgiving for the first time . She was a little nervous , but thought she could pull it off . Unfortunately she left the turkey in the oven too long . It was badly burnt , and the main course ruined . PERSON decided to let someone else host next year .	PERSON was celebrating thanksgiving . He was with all of his family . They ate a lot of turkey and stuffing . He ate 10 plates full . He end up with a stomach ache .	Chanel went to dinner at her boyfriend LOCATION 's for Thanksgiving . When she got there , his parents were really cold . Chanel sat through dinner uncomfortably . During after-dinner pictionary , Chanel began yelling at the parents . She got thrown out in the cold .	Thanksgiving was PERSON 's favorite holiday . His mother cooked a turkey and several side dishes . The turkey was golden brown with crispy skin , PERSON 's favorite part . His brother grabbed the crispiest piece of skin before PERSON got it . PERSON stole it off his brother 's plate and ate it .	Thanksgiving was always special with our family . We would go to Mass in the morning . Then head to our cousins in the afternoon . We would play football , and eat lots of good food . We would then have to spend the whole next day resting .	It was Kia 's first Thanksgiving away from home . She was a freshman in college and her family was on the other coast . But then her whole dorm decided to make dinner together . Kia helped with the preparations happily . She was happy to Thanksgiving with her new friends .
essay	PERSON has a essay due in a week . She decided to work on a page every day . When it was due all she had to do was print it . However , when PERSON went to print , it was gone . PERSON had to pull an allnighter and rewrite her essay .	PERSON 's teacher assigned his class a 500 word essay . It was due the next class period . PERSON had already forgotten about the essay when he left class . When the next class came around , PERSON did not have his essay done . He talked to his teacher and was able to turn his paper in late .	PERSON 's teacher assigned an essay . She knew it was on Thursday . However , she had a party to attend . She forgot to write a her paper . She received a bad grade .	PERSON procrastinated his essay . He could n't concentrate . He took some adderall and ritalin . This gave him the concentration he needed . He finished it in 2 hours .	PERSON was struggling to finish his essay . He went to scrounge through research papers at his school library . PERSON finally found a valuable article . PERSON worked all night putting finishing touches to his essay . PERSON was relieved to finally turn it in .	PERSON got in trouble in class . Instead of being sent to the office , he had to write an essay . PERSON forgot to wrote his essay . When he got to school his teacher asked for the essay . PERSON did not have it and was given detention .	PERSON had an essay due the next day . But her mother kept asking her to do chores . PERSON was compliant the first few times . But she was running out of time to finish her essay . PERSON 's mother forced her to finish chores .	PERSON had a 1000 word essay she needed to prepare for class . She took some time to think of a good topic . She did some research online for material to put in her essay . She wrote and rewrote the essay for hours . PERSON ended up with a great 1000 word essay on plant reproduction .	In 4th grade I had to write an essay about jobs . I really did n't know what job I wanted so I just winged it . I thought my essay was terrible but I submitted it anyway ! When my teacher was grading them he called me to him . He told me that my essay was better than all the others !
ants	PERSON had carpenter ants in her house . They were causing a lot of damage . She did n't know what to do . She called an exterminator . They were able to get rid of all the ants .	A trail of ants could be seen coming into the home . PERSON followed them from the kitchen door into the living room . There were crawling all over a piece of bread on the floor . She picked it up and tossed it into the garbage can . PERSON got the raid bottle and sprayed the insects dead .	PERSON dropped some sugar in his kitchen . He forgot to clean it up right away . The next day , he saw a nasty shock . The kitchen floor was swarming with black ants ! Quickly , PERSON hastened to clean up the spilled sugar .	PERSON left out food over night . He did n't think much of it . The next morning there were a bunch of ants around it . PERSON tried to kill them all but could n't . He had to send in an exterminator .	PERSON loved his apartment . One day he noticed their was an ant problem . Instead of moving , he purchased pesticides . He used the pesticides . He successfully removed the ants from his apartment .	PERSON 's mom made his lunch everyday . He hated the peanut butter sandwiches she would make . PERSON left a sandwich in his bag and forgot about it . Two days later PERSON noticed ants in his closet . He traced them back to the sandwich he forgot about .	PERSON was very afraid of ants . One day , he went outside and saw a colony . He saw how they worked together to create something beautiful . Then , PERSON began appreciating ants . Now , PERSON loves the ants .	PERSON wanted an ant farm . Her parents bought one for her . She filled it with ants . Then she watched them dig their tunnels . PERSON was enraptured by her ant farm !	PERSON was eating a snack outside . He put the snack on the picnic table to play on his bike . PERSON came back to his bike . Ants had gotten back to his snack . PERSON threw away his snack .
marching band	The marching band had been practicing their halftime show for months . They were very excited to be performing it for everyone . Just before halftime , it began to lightly sprinkle . The band took a vote , and decided that they could still perform . They received a standing ovation from the crowd .	After weeks of practice , the band was playing its first football game . A number of members were freshman . Many of them were very nervous ! But when they marched out they all did a great job . A few sour notes , but no one seemed to notice !	PERSON played saxophone in the marching band . He was so good he received a full ride scholarship for music . He was marching on the field when he tripped over his shoelace . He fell and the saxophone cut off three of his fingers . PERSON now plays the trombone .	PERSON was excited about being in her school marching band . They were to march at the homecoming football game . PERSON waited nervously to walk onto the field . PERSON was unable to keep the pace of the band and play the song . PERSON wished she had practiced more .	PERSON wanted to join marching band . She practiced at home for weeks . Her family encouraged her . When she tried out she did great . She made the band .	PERSON went to his school 's football game . He was bored until the halftime show . The flag twirlers were beautiful . He was amazed by the marchers ' skill . He decided to learn how to play an instrument .	I always wanted to be in a marching band . The only instrument I played was piano . My friend told the instructor I wanted to be in the band . He handed me a baritone and told me to learn it . I took it home and learned it and then I was in the band !	When I was in high school I played in the marching band . We played in different competitions every weekend . The entire band got to travel all over the country . My senior year we took first place in every competition . I got a partial scholarship to college because of our accomplishments .	PERSON decided to join marching band . He practiced for weeks to make sure he made it past auditions . He even got his own instrument . The day of tryouts came and all his work was for nothing . It was n't that he did n't made it , it 's that everyone got accepted .
the gift	PERSON wanted to bring happiness to the girl for Christmas . He listened to what she wanted . He took that into account . He went home and made her shoes . She was so happy when she got them !	PERSON really loved going to see movies . She did n't get to go see them a lot because they were so expensive . One day , PERSON received a small package in the mail . It was a gift card to the movies from her grandparents . PERSON was so excited she went straight to the theater .	Sherry 's cat came around the corner carrying a dead mouse . PERSON 's daughter screamed and ran away . The cat dropped the mutilated package at her feet . PERSON bent down and stroked the cat 's head . The cat purred with gratification .	PERSON was attracted to his classmate PERSON . He heard that PERSON loved elephants . One day PERSON brought Nia a plush elephant as a gift . PERSON smiled and hugged PERSON . To her , it was the best gift she had ever received .	PERSON needed to buy a gift for her mother 's birthday . She drove to the store and began to look around . After looking for a while , PERSON could not decide what to buy . She eventually found a gift card and purchased it . PERSON gave the gift card to her mother , who liked the present .	PERSON and PERSON were adjusting to their lives as an empty nest couple . PERSON was concerned about how much time PERSON had to spend alone . He purchased two Burmese kittens from a breeder in PERSON . The couple was nervous as they brought the kittens home . Now the kittens bring smiles to both of their faces every day .	PERSON was on his way home and wanted to get his girlfriend a gift . He decided he wanted to get her some chocolates . He went too the store and got some chocolates . He went home and gave her the chocolates . She loved them .	PERSON did not know which gift to get for her best friend . She had in her hand a curling iron and a electric toothbrush . PERSON had always like gadgets , PERSON remembered . PERSON put down the curling iron and went to the register . PERSON purchased the electric toothbrush for her geeky friend .	PERSON 's mother was horrible at using computers . She always needed help doing really easy things . PERSON found a computer class at the community college . She enrolled her mother as a gift . They have a much better relationship now .
grocery shopping	My husband and I went to the supermarket today to buy groceries . We used the weekly circular to determine which items were on sale . We bought celery , lettuce , cottage cheese , and eggs . The self checkouts had the shortest lines . We paid for our groceries and were on our way .	PERSON went shopping for some groceries . His wife made him a list of things to get . PERSON covered everything on the list . He got a few extra things for himself as well . PERSON 's wife told him he did a good job .	Before PERSON goes grocery shopping , he makes sure to write a list . One time PERSON went grocery shopping without a list . He bought lots of groceries and extra food too ! When he got home , he realized that he did n't buy everything he needed . From that day on , PERSON made sure to write a grocery list .	PERSON decided to take her toddler daughter to the grocery store . She put her daughter in the seat portion of the cart . Her daughter reached behind herself to throw items out of the cart . She screamed when PERSON stopped to look at an item . PERSON resolved never to take her child to the store again .	PERSON and her grandma were going grocery shopping . Her grandma bought her groceries from PERSON 's . At the store there were no carts in the parking lot . PERSON asked her grandma where you would leave one . She was shocked to find a person brings your bags to your car for you .	PERSON was doing his grocery shopping . He paid for his groceries and loaded them into his car . PERSON drove back to his house . While unloading the groceries , he dropped the milk and busted it . PERSON drove back to the store for a new jug of milk .	PERSON brought some reusable bags to the store . She checked out the produce section . PERSON then selected some spices . She got in line at the checkout . Then she paid for her groceries .	PERSON was grocery shopping . She made a list of everything she needed . Unfortunately she forgot the list at home . PERSON tried to wing it . She wound up forgetting half the things .	PERSON went grocery shopping while the kids were in school . She did n't come home until around there dismissal . PERSON waited until the kids came home off of the bus . She asked her sons to bring in the heavy bags for her . And when her daughter came home , she helped put the groceries away .
dog	PERSON has a pet dog . She loves her dog very much . Her dog became very sick . She had to put the dog down . PERSON is not sure she will ever love a dog as much again .	There was a dog in my yard . I gave it a couple of treats . The dog wagged its tail . His owner came running up . His owner put him on the leash .	PERSON was mad at her dog . She got home from work and it had destroyed her house . The dog had shredded pillows . She had also tore up the table . The dog will have to stay in the bathroom from now on .	PERSON had always wanted a pet ever since he was 7 . If his mom was n't allergic to pet hair , he could have gotten a dog . After PERSON grew up , he moved to another city . PERSON was able to pick a very big dog from the shelter . Now PERSON has 3 dogs and he is very satisfied .	PERSON was feeling lonely after he came home from work . PERSON realized he wanted a companion . PERSON realized he wanted a dog . PERSON bought a dog in his nearby pet shelter . PERSON became more happier when he went home from work .	There was a dog stuck at home while his owners worked . She really , really , really had to go pee . But the doors were all closed . So she peed in the corner of the living room . Her owners yelled at her when they got home .	One evening PERSON could not find her dog . She looked everywhere and then went outside . Her sweet little dog had died outside on the patio . PERSON and her family were devastated by the loss of their dog . PERSON 's dad took care of the little dog by taking her to the vet .	Wells once had a pet dog . After many years , sadly , his dog passed away . PERSON was very sad but moved on . One day he went into a store . He got a new baby dog and he loves him .	PERSON and PERSON are my two puppies . They like to get into trouble . They are always trying to escape the backyard . One day I watched PERSON tunnel under the fence . He then ran to the front door and barked to let him in !
freedom	PERSON had a hard job . She was overworked and had no paid time off . She decided to quit her job . Now , she was free to do as she pleased . Alas , her savings quickly ran out and she had to get a job .	PERSON was born in LOCATION LOCATION and never had parents . She spent five years in an overcrowded orphanage . Then she was adopted by a wealthy European couple . They showered her with gifts and love . PERSON is sure she 's now the happiest child in the world !	PERSON lived with a roommate who stole from him . PERSON knew he had to kick him out but was afraid . One day PERSON was missing 35 dollars from his dresser . PERSON confronted his roommate and told him to leave . PERSON 's life has been better since he freed himself of his roommate .	Several security guards arrived at PERSON 's jail cell . After talking to him for a couple of minutes , they opened the cell . PERSON skipped out of the cell in laughter . However , he was disappointed since no one wanted to see him . He stood outside of the prison for the rest of the day .	PERSON closed down his laptop after finally typing the last word . He stretched for a long time , massaging aches and pains away . Finally , he pushed away from the desk , his old steady companion . Smiling to himself , he realized he was a free man . The book was finished he thought as he walked out of the room .	PERSON went into the desert isle . Although she had diabetes , she grabbed several pastries . She began to munch on them . Afterwards , her stomach started to hurt her . I gave her a bowl to vomit in .	PERSON was in jail for ten Year 's . Her release date finally arrived . PERSON was released from jail and set free . She breathed in deeply and cried with joy . After ten Years , she was finally a free woman !	The bumble trapped in LOCATION 's net seemed upset . At least PERSON 's assumed that 's what all the buzzing was about . Bees are good for making honey PERSON 's determined . PERSON 's carefully turned the net inside out . The bee flew out of the net to freedom .	PERSON was arrested for a day since she was drunk driving . After she got out , her whole attitude changed . She tried to help her mom out around the house more . She also gave her little siblings an allowance each week . Her friends would remind her that she 's changed a lot .
the climb	PERSON and PERSON were out hiking a trail at a state park . It was an expert-level trail , with many steep and narrow inclines . They took their time , but PERSON still slipped once and scraped her knee After several hours they finally made it to the top . The view was fantastically breath-taking .	PERSON climbed to the very top of the tree . As he swayed on the branches , he saw his house in the distance . PERSON felt like a king from that height and raised his arms high . He lost his balance however and fell crashing through the branches . As PERSON hung dearly for his life , he realized not to do that again .	I used to go free-hand rock climbing . Lots of people warned me that it was risky . I ignored them and wound up falling some nineteen feet . I was very bruised , but I was also happy to be alive . I have n't climbed since and think of that fall as a lesson learned .	PERSON decided to go rock climbing with his friends . He did not use a safety harness since he had climbed before He slipped and fell 30 feet to the ground . He broke his ankle and had to have surgery on his back . Next time he goes climbing , he is using a harness .	PERSON loved being active . He decided to climb a mountain . He bought all the gear he needed . Then he climbed the tallest mountain in his state . He saw an amazing view at the top !	PERSON was almost at the top of the rock face when a storm came in . Forced to stay below the summit he braced himself in his tent . Just when he was about to get blown off , a rope fell down . A fellow climber offered him help to climb up . He made it the rest of the way as his tent fell all the way down .	The minister had to fix the weathervane on top of the church steeple . He said a prayer and climbed up the side of the church . When he was half-way up he saw a car roll through a stop sign . The minister yelled at the driver to be more careful . The driver did n't see him and thought god was yelling at him .	PERSON needed something new . He had just broke up with his long time girlfriend . He decided he needed to take on a challenge . He called his buddies up and told them he wanted to climb . He climbed to the very top of the highest mountain .	PERSON was afraid of heights . Her friends wanted to go mountain climbing . Instead of staying on the ground , she decided to face of her fears . PERSON decided to climb an indoor mountain . She did fine and was able to go with her friends .
frisbee	Some friends invited me to play frisbee on the quad . It was my first time and I was nervous . I did n't want to look dumb or unathletic . I figured it would be easy enough . Unfortunately I got it stuck on a tree in the first throw .	I was bored while eating lunch . My dog was begging for my food . I told her I did n't have any left . I finally threw the plate across the room like a frisbee . She ran after it and licked it .	PERSON never played with a frisbee before . We walked to the store and purchased a frisbee . Then we went to the park . I showed todd how to catch and throw a frisbee . PERSON is now joining a ultimate frisbee team .	PERSON went to the beach . PERSON played frisbee . PERSON hit someone in the head with the frisbee . PERSON apologized . PERSON stopped playing frisbee on the beach .	PERSON and PERSON went to the beach . They started to toss the Frisbee back and forth . They played Frisbee for hours . They laughed and chatted as they played . They both had a great time on their beach trip !	PERSON threw a frisbee to her dog . The dog caught the frisbee . It brought it back to her . She threw it again . This time the dog missed .	I just bought a puppy ! The puppy had never played with a frisbee . Thus , I took him to the backyard to play frisbee . Alas , the puppy did not understand the game . I gave up and we went back inside the house .	PERSON went to the park to play Frisbee . When she got there , she was disappointed . The weather was cold and very , very windy ! The wind stole her Frisbee and whipped it all over . PERSON decided to go home and wait for a calmer day .	PERSON was playing frisbee with his dog . PERSON accidentally threw it into a tree . His dog somehow brought him a ball to hit it down . PERSON managed to get his frisbee . Although he has his Frisbee , PERSON realised someone now lost their ball .
pool	PERSON had been going to the local pool for swim lessons each week . He had noticed one of the lifeguards was very sweet and pretty . He wanted to ask her out , but he was nervous . Then one day she asked him to stay a little after class . She pulled him aside and shyly asked him for a date !	PERSON had just had an inground pool installed . Now he had to fill it ! He decided he needed a hose . He drove to the store and bought a long garden hose . Then PERSON used the hose to fill his new swimming pool .	PERSON moved into a new apartment . He liked that it had a pool on the top floor . He loved that it was a salt water pool . He swam laps there daily . He quickly became an adept swimmer .	We were on vacation one year when I was younger . I went to the campground 's pool with my two sisters . I was trying to be cool and climb out of the pool . Next thing you know my bathing suit had fallen off . Everyone , including the lifeguard were laughing .	PERSON had always been the best pool player in his group of friends One day , a new person appeared and challenged PERSON to a game They had a good game , but PERSON lost in the end He realized that he did n't always have to be so competitive He became a better friend to his friends , and a better person	Fran noticed a spreading pool of blood on the floor . She looked above her to see it dripping through the ceiling tiles . Fran got a ladder and climbed on to her roof . She found a dead man , still entangled in his parachute . Fran suddenly realized she 'd left her cell phone in the kitchen .	PERSON loves to lay by the pool . She had just gotten a new swimsuit . She decided to go tan . When she got to the pool , she fell asleep . PERSON is now sunburned .	PERSON liked going to her neighborhood pool in the summer time . Sometimes at the beginning of the school year they had no lifeguards . Many of them went back to school and were not available to work . PERSON thought it might be a good idea to become a lifeguard and help . PERSON signed up for lifeguarding class the next time it was offered .	I wanted a pool installed at my house . I called a carpenter to find out how much it would cost . It was way out of my budget , so everyday I would dig for a hour . A year later it was the right size for a pool . I filled it with water and had a huge pool party .
the box	A woman came out of the cafe with a box . While walking by , I attempted to hold the door for her . She screamed at me because she thought I was a chauvinist . I backed away warily and went on my way . She dropped the box full of puppies and one of them died .	PERSON received a birthday present in a big box . She opened the box , but it just had another box . She figured it was a joke and kept opening the box to find more boxes . In the very smallest box , however , was a ring and a wedding proposal . She was so excited that she called her boyfriend and said yes .	PERSON found a box by his door . The name of his mother was on it . He was curious to see what was in it . How ever he waited till she got home . When his mom opened it , it was a beautiful dress .	PERSON always played with a box . His mother was worried and questioned him . He said it was his friend and she was more concerned . Then PERSON told his mom he had glued a photo of her to it to play with . Her suspicion disappeared as she finally understood .	PERSON came home from school and found a box on the porch . She thought it was strange because she did n't order anything . She thought about the box all night and finally opened it . It was a gift that her parents had ordered for her for Christmas . PERSON immediately regretted her decision to open the box .	PERSON was packing up to move . He got a big box and filled it with clothes and books . It was so heavy he could n't move it ! PERSON unpacked the box he 'd just packed . He put the items in small boxes instead .	The teacher put a wood box in his classroom . During his lesson he stood on the box to lecture . The students stopped taking notes and listened to him on the box . The teacher felt a great sense of power on the box . After he stepped down , he told them the test was on Monday .	PERSON found a box on his porch . It appeared to be a gift , but he did n't know who it was from . He took it inside and opened it up . It was the sweater he had been eyeing ! He never found out who left it for him , but he was very thankful !	PERSON was cleaning out a closet and found a small box . The box was empty and it was purple . Purple was her favorite color so she asked to keep it . Her mother told her she could have it and use it . She put her favorite keepsakes in it and cherished it always .
quitting smoking	PERSON started smoking at age 17 and wanted to quit . She decided to try out E Cigarettes . They did not work for her so she resorted to quitting cold turkey . She ended up quitting smoking after going cold turkey . She now consults other people that wish to quit smoking .	PERSON wanted to quit smoking . In the morning he made a coffee for himself . He got phone call from work . They fired him . He had to go to smoke one cigarette .	PERSON was a pack a day smoker for the last 5 years . He was determined to quit on his birthday . When it was his birthday , he threw out all his cigarettes . He craved cigarettes all week but was able to refrain from smoking . He finally was able to get rid of his cravings after a month .	PERSON had been smoking since he was young . His friends and family begged him to quit . He finally decided to do it . Unfortunately he was n't able to . He kept trying but constantly failed .	PERSON smoked his entire life . He decided to quite for his health . It was really hard at first . Tim often caved and smoked . After a while it became easier to stop .	PERSON went to the doctor . He was having problems with his blood pressure . The doctor told PERSON he needed to stop smoking . PERSON eventually quit smoking . His blood pressure went down .	PERSON really wanted to quit smoking cigarettes . He tried many different options . No matter what gums or patches he tried , nothing worked . PERSON realized he just needed to quit cold turkey . It was very hard but he felt better when he quit .	PERSON had been smoking for 12 years . PERSON decided she did not want to smoke anymore . She collected information on how to quit . She purchased nicotine patches . PERSON was ultimately able to stop smoking .	PERSON had smoked most of his life . He decided to quit . It was hard . He often relapsed . He still realized it was the best choice .
smell	PERSON 's house had bad plumbing . And it smelled inside his house . But after he got it fixed , the smell was still there . Later , he found leftover soup on his stove . And the smell went away after he cleaned it up .	PERSON loved his girlfriend very much . One day , his girlfriend told him he usually smells bad . PERSON never wore deodorant . PERSON decided to begin wearing deodorant . PERSON pleased his girlfriend by wearing deodorant regularly .	PERSON 's house smelled terribly . She took out the trash , but the smell persisted . She hauled the rubbish bin outside and scrubbed it . Then she rinsed it out with strong bleach . When PERSON brought it in , the smell was finally gone !	PERSON hurt his nose in an accident . As a result , he could n't smell very well . His roommate complained about a smell in the room . He looked around , trying to find the source . He was unsuccessful because of his injury .	PERSON loved his girlfriend . One day she commented how he smelled bad . A week later she said the same thing . PERSON decided to take two showers per day . His girlfriend never complained about his smell again .	The man smelled something . He thought it was unusual . He called his wife into the room . His wife could not smell it . It was a common symptom of the man stroke .	PERSON got home from school . His house smelled horrible . He could n't figure out what it was . He finally checked the fridge . It was rotten eggs .	John noticed a bad smell . He looked everywhere , but he could not find the source . Then he noticed a brown smear on his shoe . He had stepped in a dog pile ! That was the source of the yucky smell .	PERSON played basketball for his school . He always wore the same socks for every game . He never washed those socks . One day his mom complained of a terrible smell . It was PERSON ' lucky socks .
pictures	PERSON decided to change careers . For many years she had been a history teacher . Having a love for photography made her want to switch . She purchased her equipment and quit teaching . She is now a very popular professional photographer .	As the kids play their games , I take fun pictures . Afterward I put those pictures onto my computer . I then upload them to Facebook . I make a fun collage of all the pictures . Everyone likes and comments on my collage .	PERSON and his wife went on a cruise . Every other minute , a photographer was trying to take their photo . PERSON and his wife did not want silly pictures of their trip . On the last night of the cruise , they dressed up and took photos . These were the photos they enjoyed the most .	I could n't find any good pictures of myself . I always thought I looked too fat in the ones I had . I decided to take a new one . I posed in the bathroom mirror . I thought I looked cute for a change .	PERSON looked through her photos at family Christmases . She suddenly realized that there are kids do not know that joy . PERSON went to the store and bought a lot of childrens toys . PERSON then wrapped the toys and took them to the children 's hospital . She gave the children the gifts and took a new photo for her album .	Carlie takes pictures of random people . She posts them on the internet at night . She tries to convince herself that beauty is everywhere . However , she is looking for a way to become famous . She never gets noticed because she was too cliche .	I had to take graduation pictures . I went to a studio . They gave me a jacket . They took two pictures . One of them is on my wall .	I just printed out years worth of pictures I had on my computer . I am hoping to get them all organized . There are so many , it is overwhelming . I have been procrastinating doing it . I guess it 's finally time to get it done .	The request from my son 's friend led to a picture conversation . They began sharing pictures with each other every day . They wanted each other to see that the other had n't grown up yet . They smiled when they saw each other every day . It made them both very happy to connect .
tv	PERSON loved to watch the TV . One day , the TV stopped working . LOCATION rushed to the store . The TV was completely broken so LOCATION bought a new one . Now , PERSON has a new TV that is very big .	PERSON wanted to watch her reality TV show . Her brother PERSON wanted to watch wrestling . The two argued over who gets control of the TV . While they were arguing their dad turned on the news . The kids silently watched the news .	Amber loved to watch TV . She never felt like she had enough time . She decided she was spending too much time online . She stopped going on the computer . Now she can watch all the TV she wants !	I had not watched tv in years . I was just too busy with my special needs child to have time . My husband introduced me to several series when we started dating . I felt like I was catching up on lost time somehow . We watched all the shows he enjoyed in less than a year .	My 98 year old neighbor called me on Monday . His son bought him a tv and hooked up cable . My friend has trouble seeing and remembering things . I went upstairs and taught my neighbor how to operate the tv . He was able to watch a football game .	PERSON became tired of all of the shows on TV . So he decided to watch videos online . He ended up spending several hours watching Youtube videos . And he decided to cancel his cable subscription . He connected his computer to his television and had a blast .	The new tv was a smart unit . It had all the boy 's favorite apps on it . He was excited to see netflix already there . He logged in almost immediately . He watched anime cartoons all afternoon .	PERSON and PERSON are sisters . One day , they got in a fight . PERSON threw a toy . It hit the television . Now the television is broken .	PERSON watched too much TV . Her mom told her she could only watch TV after her homework was done . At first PERSON whined angrily . But slowly she grew to accept the rule change . Soon she barely even missed TV at all !
the cake	PERSON stayed up late to bake a cake . She let it cool and then started to decorate it . It was a beautiful cake with great decorations . She brought the cake to an office party . She was so proud when her coworkers complimented her work .	PERSON wanted to do something nice for her brother . He was always too busy to have any fun . PERSON thought about baking him a cake . She did n't have time to bake one . PERSON got one at the store .	PERSON wanted to make a cake for her boyfriend 's birthday . She found a recipe for a chocolate cake with buttercream icing . She worked on it all day . It turned out even better than she expected . She decorated it with chocolate hearts and colorful sprinkles .	PERSON wanted to make a tall cake for her boyfriend 's birthday . She spent hours baking the cake . When she tried to frost the cake , the entire cake collapsed . PERSON tried to salvage the cake , but it was a mess . PERSON 's boyfriend told her that he loved the cake no matter what .	The teacher gave Christian a homework assignment to bake a cake . Christian came home and told his mom about the assignment . His mom took him to the store to get the ingredients . When they got back from the store , his mom helped him bake the cake . Christian took the cake to school and everyone enjoyed it .	PERSON likes to make cakes . Her son said he wanted her to bake a cake for his birthday . So she got her supplies and began to bake a cake . The cake was finished . She showed her son and he loved it .	Christian wanted to learn to bake . His mother gave him her cookbook . He picked a recipe that was easy . He followed the instructions carefully . He put the cake in the oven to bake and it came out great .	It was PERSON 's birthday . His mom bought him a big cake . He blew out the candles and then cut the cake . They all ate two pieces each . It was delicious !	It was PERSON 's birthday . His wife made him a cake . It had three tiers . She had worked for hours on it . She could n't wait for him to taste it !
getting sick	PERSON felt bad . He went to the doctor . The doctor told PERSON he had a cold . PERSON took a couple of days off . He drank lots of liquids and felt better after a while .	PERSON hated being sick . He always avoided sick people at work . There was a cold going around . PERSON tried his best to avoid it . Unfortunately he got hit by it too .	PERSON accidentally ate some expired meat . She began to feel sick . PERSON went to the doctor . The doctor gave her some medicine . PERSON thankfully started to feel better after she took the medicine .	PERSON had never been on a cruise . He did n't realize he would get so motion sick . Nothing he took helped make him feel better . PERSON spent the entire trip sick in his room . He never took another cruise again .	PERSON started sneezing and coughing . He was getting really sick . He stayed home in bed all day . His mother told him to take vitamin C . After that , he felt well enough to go to work .	PERSON did not feel well when he woke up this morning . He had the chills and a low grade fever . By the afternoon , PERSON had started coughing and sneezing . PERSON decided to go to his doctor . LOCATION 's doctor gave him a prescription for antibiotics .	PERSON and her family climbed into a car to begin a long trip . When they began to drive , PERSON felt uncomfortable . She began to feel waves of nausea and dizziness . She asked her father to pull over and she threw up outside the car . After throwing up , she felt better and they continued driving .	PERSON ate at a new restaurant . That night he started to feel sick . Eventually he wound up throwing up and getting dizzy . He had to go to the hospital . PERSON had a minor case of food poisoning .	PERSON ate out at a new restaurant . He first enjoyed his meal . Later in the night he got severely sick . PERSON had to go to the hospital . It turned out he had food poisoning .
job	PERSON hates his job . He works at retail . He does n't like anyone at his job . He decides to quit . Before he quits , he goes and yells at his boss .	PERSON decided to go out of town to find a job . While looking for a job she saw a lady looking for job too . He decided to talk to the lady and ask her name . Her name is beth and they decided to look for a job together . Since then they became friends and they both have a job .	PERSON had an interview at a law firm . He was very nervous ! But he did his best at the interview . The next day , a manager called PERSON to offer him a job . PERSON was so proud of himself !	PERSON lost his job . He felt very depressed . He went back to my parents house . He spoke to them about it . He ended up feeling better .	PERSON and April both wanted a job . They were good friends . One day , they applied for the same job . PERSON was hired for the job . April was very happy for her friend but sad about unemployment .	PERSON really wanted an after school job to earn money . Her dad said she could n't get one unless her grades improved . PERSON devoted a lot of time to studying hard . Soon she was earning As in all her classes ! PERSON was finally allowed to get a job and earn spending money !	PERSON started a new job . He was afraid he would n't make any friends . PERSON met a lot of new people . He felt he might be able to make friends . PERSON was invited for drinks after work .	PERSON worked as a nanny . Her friends made fun of her . They told her she would never grow up . PERSON loved her job . She continued working and did not care what they thought .	June was a waitress . She was about to quit her job of 3 years . It was difficult and she dealt with rude people . One night she waited on a horrible person . However , he left her a tip of one million dollars .
PERSON 's song	PERSON was desperately trying to write a new song . Unfortunately , she had been suffering from writer 's block . So she put on some old jazz music for inspiration . All of a sudden a new chord progression popped into her head ! She ended up writing the best song of her career .	Playing on his guitar , PERSON was trying to sing along . His vocals were n't the best , but he kept practicing . Singing random lyrics , he eventually got a bit better . Recording it , he decided to mail it to the radio stations . A few days later , PERSON 's song was playing on a local station .	PERSON 's teacher asked her to sing at the play . PERSON was delighted . She practiced every day . When it was time for her to sing she forgot the words . PERSON ran off the stage crying .	PERSON worked at a newspaper , but he like to perform stand up comedy . PERSON was good at comedy , and someone took notice . He was offered a job hosting a comedy show for a local TV station . The writing for the show was bad , and it eventually got cancelled . PERSON regretted quitting his day job at the newspaper .	PERSON had a song stuck in her head . She could not figure out what the song was . She listened to all of her many CDs trying to find the song . One day she turned on the radio . She finally heard the song in a radio advertisement .	PERSON wanted to sing songs for a living . She had a beautiful voice but could n't sing . She practiced in front of the mirror for hours . She was finally able to sing a clear note . She can now sing beautifully but still needs more practice .	PERSON loved to sing . PERSON 's dad was injured and hospitalized . She needed to pay the bills but had no money . She started to sing for money . After months of singing , she paid the bills and is singing full time !	PERSON loves making music . Whenever PERSON has free time , he writes new songs . One day , he finds a flier for a talent show in his town . He decides to participate in the talent show with an original song . PERSON wins after his stellar performance and gets a standing ovation .	PERSON was at a bar with friends . It was karaoke night . He wanted to do karaoke but was too scared . His friend 's pushed him to the front and made him sing . PERSON sang karaoke and loved it .
the fishing trip	PERSON and dan wanted to get away . They decided to go fishing . They picked a quiet spot off the coast . They fished all day long and stayed the night . It was a trip to remember for both guys .	The boys gathered their supplies . They were going on a fishing trip . They got to the cabin and unpacked . They took their poles straight to the lake . They could n't wait to catch some fish .	My brother and I went fishing early one morning . My brother begins catching fishes . I was n't even getting a bite . Finally a big bass caught my hook and went swimming into deep water . One jerk from me , my line broke and my only fish got away .	PERSON went on a fishing trip with his friends . He got sick on the trip . His friends had to return to land . PERSON 's girlfriend picked him up at the dock . PERSON was upset his missed his trip .	PERSON went fishing in the ocean . The waves were really big from a storm that was coming . PERSON got really sick and was not having fun . He was relieved after they finally made it back to shore . PERSON decided he was n't going on a boat any time soon .	PERSON went on a fishing trip with PERSON . PERSON got a bite and told PERSON to get the net . PERSON rushed up too quick and fell into the lake . PERSON laughed as the fish let go of his line . The two men returned home with no fish .	PERSON went in a fishing trip . There were many fish in the lake ! PERSON used worms as bait . He caught a huge catfish . He went home and cooked the tasty catfish for dinner !	PERSON packed up his truck . He was going on a week long fishing trip . He packed bait and tackle and his sleeping bag . He was ready to catch some big fish ! He had been looking forward to this for weeks !	PERSON and his father went on a fishing trip for the weekend . On Saturday morning they got up early and went to the clear lake . They waited for hours , but the fish were n't biting . Just as they were preparing to leave , PERSON got a tug on his rod . He ended up catching the biggest fish his father had ever seen .
shopping	There was a couple who went shopping . The man was getting anxious . He told the wife to hurry up and go home . The wife did n't listen and they stayed out two more hours . When they got home there was a big fight .	Karen never liked to go shopping alone . She wanted her boyfriend to go with her but he would n't go . He was mean about it and PERSON would end up going alone . Karen would put the shopping off as long as possible . Her boyfriend would make her go and she was n't happy about it .	PERSON and PERSON set a shopping date up a few months ago . PERSON got to the mall first , he called PERSON to see where she was . It turned out PERSON was already at the mall and waiting for PERSON . PERSON and PERSON met in the food court and began shopping . They had a great day together and planned to do it again soon .	PERSON went to the store . She saw many things she wanted to buy . A pink dress caught her eye . She went and tried it on and loved it . Now she refuses to take it off .	Today I went to the store . I needed to buy paper towels . I found a big pack of paper towels . The paper towels were exactly what I needed . I purchased the paper towels .	PERSON went shopping for jeans . He visited several department stores . He tried on many different jeans . He could not find a pair that fit him well . PERSON became upset .	PERSON wanted to go shopping for groceries . He made a list . He drove to the store . He purchased the items on the list . He returned home with the groceries .	My wife went to PERSON PERSON today . When she arrived , three people asked if she needed help . When she decided to buy a rug , she could not find any help . She had to go to customer service twice . She wondered where all the help had gone .	PERSON went shopping for clothes . She brought back many items . Her husband said they could n't afford those things . She told her husband she wanted a divorce . He reminded her he was also the only one with a job .
locked out	PERSON 's neighbor lost her keys . She was locked out of her house and asked PERSON for help . PERSON helped her look for her lost keys . He ended up finding her spare key hidden in her glove compartment . She was so thankful that she baked cookies for PERSON .	The security guard came to open my door . I waited on him . He went to the office to get a key . I had locked myself out of my apartment . It was in the middle of the night .	PERSON took her kids to the park . They played for a long time and then walked back home . When she got home she realized she was locked out . She went to her neighbors to call a locksmith . The locksmith unlocked the door and charged her lots of money .	PERSON and her dorm mate Sue disliked each other . PERSON returned to her room one night to find the door locked . Sue had barricaded the door from the inside . No matter what PERSON tried PERSON would not let her in . PERSON had to sleep down the hall in a friends room .	PERSON heard a knock at his door . It was his new neighbor PERSON asking for help . She had locked herself out ! PERSON helped her get in , and they started talking . Soon she agreed to go on a date with him !	I was on my way out the door . I had my work bag and phone in my hand . I closed the front door and locked the bottom lock . I went to lock the deadbolt and could not find my keys . I had locked myself out .	PERSON drove to the hardware store . When she finished , she could n't find her car keys . She had locked them inside the car . She called her husband who came and unlocked the door . PERSON was able to drive home .	One day I was being really impatient with myself . I was taking a long time to leave the house and I was finally fed up . I walked swiftly out of my apartment door and slammed it . I then realized that I forgot my keys in my frustration . Humiliated I had to ask my landlord for the spare keys .	We went to dinner last night . My wife opened the door . The next morning she could not find her keys or open the door . The keys were in the door and we could not get out . Her sister lives in the building and got us out .
first kiss	PERSON was secretly in love with a girl in his class . At the end of the year , he found the courage to ask her to the prom . The girl was surprised but accepted his offer . When PERSON came to pick her up , he gave a her a flower . She kissed him on the cheek and he was in heaven .	PERSON had never been on a date before . PERSON had been on several . He was really shy during their first day . She had to be the one to go in for a kiss . He kissed back and it went great .	PERSON was a shy girl . She began to like the new boy at school . She did not think he was interested in her . He asked her out one day . When he dropped her off at home , he gave her a kiss .	PERSON and PERSON both liked each other . One day they went to play in the park together . PERSON could n't take it anymore and he kissed her . PERSON looked at PERSON and smiled . They walked away being together .	PERSON and PERSON went on a date . They had dinner at a very nice restaurant . After dinner , they went for a walk together . PERSON kissed PERSON while they were walking . PERSON was very happy that PERSON kissed her !	PERSON met the girl he had a crush on in the woods . They found a hollowed out tree stump and squeezed in . Fearfully , trembling , they kissed for the first time . That kiss led to dating and marriage . PERSON and his wife look back on their first kiss fondly .	PERSON was in eighth grade . She was at her very first house party . The kids started playing spin the bottle . PERSON 's bottle landed on her crush ! Excited , she leaned in for her very first kiss .	I used to walk home from school with a girl from the neighborhood . One day after school we went over to my house . My parents happen to not be home on that day . We were in the kitchen getting a snack . She then pushed me against the wall and kissed me .	PERSON had never had a kiss . He tried to kiss a girl he liked . It was awkward and strange . PERSON tried again . After a while they started dating .
PERSON gets caught	PERSON was thinking of cheating on his test . He was so nervous . He did n't want to cheat but he did n't study . PERSON glanced over at another classmate 's paper . The teacher came up behind him and caught him !	PERSON wanted to go to the park , but his mom said no . PERSON decided to sneak out and go to the park anyway . PERSON 's mom caught him sneaking out and grounded him for a month . PERSON felt silly for disobeying his mom after that . He decided it was better to follow the rules then break them .	PERSON needs money . PERSON has an idea . He goes to the bank . He tries to rob the bank . He is caught and taken to jail .	PERSON likes a boy . PERSON wants to see him . PERSON waits for her parents to sleep . PERSON sneaks out of the house . Her father is waiting at the door to catch her .	PERSON had forgotten to study for his vocabulary quiz that day . Quickly , at the start of class , he made a cheat sheet . During the test , he used it carefully . He was not careful enough though , and his teacher caught him . PERSON got kicked out of the school and became a failure .	PERSON was not very good at school . He had a huge test coming up . He did not study at all for it . The day of the test is here and PERSON starts the test . PERSON is nervous and is caught cheating off another student .	PERSON is a 10 year old boy . He really wants candy . He has no money . He decides to steal some candy while nobody is looking . He gets caught and punished .	PERSON is a good worker at his retail store . He is not making enough money to clothe his kids . PERSON decides to take a few extra clothes from the racks . PERSON is caught with them walking out the door . PERSON is fired and arrested for theft .	PERSON always bragged to his friends about doing reckless things . He often did dangerous and illegal things . Today he decided to steal a coat from a department store . As he walked out with the coat however , a guard stopped him . PERSON got arrested , and he learned not to do illegal things anymore .
oil change	PERSON 's car was running a little rough . She knew it was overdue for an oil change . She had been putting it off because it was expensive . But she decided she had to care for her car . After the oil change , it ran much better !	PERSON decided to do his own oil change to save money . He bought the oil and filter . But then he realized that he needed an oil pan and ratchet . He ended up spending much more than he 'd planned ! PERSON wished he had just gone to the shop for an oil change .	PERSON parked his car in the driveway to change his motor oil . He got the jack and proceeded to lift the car so he could get under . He removed the drain plug and filter , letting the oil drain out . After draining , he got the new filter and put on the plug and filter . He started the car up and drove to the shop to recycle the oil .	PERSON owns a SUV . PERSON is lazy about getting regular oil changes . The oil light came on while she was driving to LOCATION . The mechanic told her she was lucky that the engine was not ruined . PERSON never missed another oil change after that .	PERSON got his oil changed . On the way home smoke started to come out of the engine . He called a tow truck . They took it back to the garage he had just left . The mechanic took the old oil out but forgot to put new oil in .	PERSON checked the oil in his car . It needed to be changed . PERSON decided to do it himself . He bought all the things necessary . In a few minutes PERSON got the job done .	PERSON 's car is long overdue for an oil change . He decides to take it to the auto shop to get it changed . Unfortunately , his car breaks down just outside of the shop . PERSON walks home as his car is towed away . PERSON later got a new car and never forgot an oil change again !	PERSON needed to change his oil . He was initially going to do it himself . Then he noticed a coupon he got in the mail . It was a really good deal . PERSON decided to have it done there instead .	PERSON 's car had recently began sputtering . He was also getting terrible gas mileage . He took it into his mechanic to get it inspected . His mechanic performed an oil change on the car . PERSON 's car ran like new afterwards .
hit	PERSON was playing Little League baseball . He was up to bat and swung to hit the ball . But he missed and the ball hit him in the face ! It bruised his cheek very badly . PERSON had to leave the game and put ice on his injury .	PERSON went outside to play tennis . She was having fun until the ball hit her in the face . PERSON fell down and howled in pain ! She had to lay down with ice on her face that night . Even still , she woke with a puffy black eye the next morning .	PERSON was mad at PERSON . PERSON spoke ill of PERSON online . PERSON did not want to fight but PERSON did . PERSON punched PERSON in the face . PERSON got knocked out .	A boy named PERSON had snapped PERSON 's bra strap . She chased him until he fell . Once he fell she began hitting him . Her teacher yelled at her . PERSON went to her desk before she was sent to the principal 's office .	A deer ran in front of PERSON 's car one night . PERSON panicked . He swerved to avoid the deer . He hit a guardrail instead . PERSON 's car was badly damaged .	PERSON 's dog was hit by a car . The driver stopped and jumped out , horrified . He helped PERSON get the dog into his car . They raced to the vet together . Luckily , the vet was able to save PERSON 's dog .	A truck hit PERSON on the highway . PERSON called a defense lawyer . The lawyer helped her very much ! He got her a $ 240,000 settlement . PERSON was thrilled with the outcome .	Someone hit LOCATION and drove off . PERSON was young and inexperienced , but not stupid . She managed to get the other car 's license plate number . Then she called the police for help . Soon the other driver was caught and arrested .	PERSON was playing in the sandbox . Suddenly another kid toddled over and hit him . PERSON was stunned ! But he bit his lip to keep from crying . He knew the child was too young to be blamed .
the vet	PERSON is not a very nice cat . She went to the vet for a check-up on Saturday . The vet did not heed our warnings , and was bit several times . The vet had to go to the hospital for stitches . The vet started listening better to pet owners .	PERSON 's cat was very nervous in a carrier at the vet . The cat meowed and meowed and was n't happy at all . The vet examined the cat and gave it shots . The cat yelped and got back in the carrier . PERSON tried to comfort the cat , paid for services , and went home .	PERSON 's dog was sick . She took him to the vet . The vet said he needed some medicine . The medication cost $ 200 ! PERSON grudgingly paid the vet .	PERSON 's dog was sick . He took him to the vet . The vet checked him out thoroughly . He could n't find the problem . PERSON took the dog home and watched him carefully .	Yesterday I had a vet appointment for my dog , PERSON . He seemed really nervous all day . When it was time to go I had a really hard time getting him in the car Once we got there he really liked the vet . I do n't think I will have a problem again .	A dog was found in a gutter . The savior took it to a vet . The vet ran some tests . The dog felt much better . The dog lived .	The owner rushed her dog to the vet . The vet said he needed emergency surgery . The owner was n't sure how she would pay for it . The vet said he would do it for free . It was important for him to keep the dog healthy .	PERSON noticed his dog was sleeping a lot . He tried to feed him but he would n't eat . Worried , he took his dog to the vet . The vet took an X-ray of PERSON 's dog . They were shocked to find several objects in the dog 's stomach .	I made an appointment for my dog to get a check up . On the day of the appointment , my dog was excited to go for a ride . The closer we got to the vet , the more nervous he got . At the vet she started to relax and even got a treat . She had a good day , and does n't hate the vet .
the party	PERSON had taken five jello shooters . She was now dancing at the party trying to attract a cute boy . She was so tipsy she slipped and fell . As she fell she knocked her head into the coffee table . PERSON never woke up from her coma .	PERSON thought she 'd invite a few people over . A hundred people ended up showing up ! The party was out of control . PERSON was panicked . She told them all to leave immediately .	PERSON was graduating from her high school . She wanted to host a bonfire party for her friends . First she had to find the perfect location . She searched agonizingly for hours . Finally , she found the perfect spot and the party was a huge hit .	PERSON invited lots of people over . He wanted to throw a party for his wife . Everyone showed up and brought gifts . His wife never showed up ! SHe had gotten a flat tire on her way home from work .	PERSON 's parents were out of town . He decided to throw a party . The party got out of hand . Parts of PERSON 's house were destroyed . PERSON got into a lot of trouble with is parents .	PERSON threw a party one Saturday night . She invited a boy she thought was cute . She dressed to impress and did her hair . At 7 PM , everyone started arriving . The boy arrived with his girlfriend !	We got invited to June 's party . I was a little worried to go . I did not know anyone that would be there . I did n't want to sit in the corner all night . Everyone ended up being really nice .	PERSON was so excited ! His friends were coming over for a birthday party . He cleaned his room and decorated the play room . They came over and brought him gifts . He had a great time !	The guests all huddled behind the couch . They were throwing their friend a surprise party ! When he got home , they all jumped out and yelled . Their friend was so surprised ! It was a great party .
lemonade	PERSON decided to make lemonade . He got some lemons and squished them in pitcher . He put sugar in the pitcher then water . PERSON then mixed the drink . PERSON drank some fresh lemonade .	I ran my own lemonade stand when I was a kid . I loved making money from selling lemonade . Running the business was tough , but I really liked it . One day I counted up all the money I had made . It was over 100 dollars and I was so happy !	PERSON wanted to make some fresh lemonade . He had a recipe from his mother that she gave him a long time ago . After PERSON remembered the recipe he started to make the lemonade . To PERSON 's surprise it was very easy ! After he was done making his lemonade he sat down and enjoyed a glass .	PERSON needed five more dollars to buy a game . Her mom told her she must earn the money . PERSON found some lemons and decided to make lemonade . PERSON 's lemonade was a neighborhood hit . She quickly earned more than enough to buy her game .	I made some lemonade for friends . They all spit it out when they drank it . I wondered what was wrong . I sipped it . I then realized that next time I should add sugar .	PERSON needed some extra cash . So she mixed up a big batch of fresh lemonade . Then she set a table up outside to sell the lemonade . Lots of cars stopped for a refreshing drink . By the end of the day PERSON had made almost forty dollars !	PERSON wanted to hold a lemonade sale . She made a stand , but she was n't sure how to make lemonade . She squeezed lemons and stirred in sugar . Then , hopefully , she opened the stand for business . Within one hour she had sold every drop of her tasty lemonade !	They went to the county fair like they would do every summer . But it was so hot out that they needed a drink . So his wife told him to get a couple lemonades . He had never had them before but he said ok . He could n't believe how good they were , he made sure to always get it .	PERSON was tired of drinking only water . She decided to make a pitcher of lemonade . PERSON tasted the lemonade . It was sour . She added more sugar until it tasted right .
new bike	PERSON went to the store to look for a new bike He found a shiny new blue one that he loved . Unfortunately the bike cost more then PERSON had to spend . He did odd jobs for a week to raise the money . PERSON went back to the store and purchased the bike .	PERSON wanted a new bike . He did not have enough money for one . He decided to save up . He also did odd jobs for money . He finally had enough for a new bike .	It was PERSON 's 15th birthday . She really wanted something special for her birthday . Her parents surprised her with a new bike ! PERSON rode her bike all afternoon . She was exhausted by the end of the day .	PERSON had an old bicycle . It kept breaking on him . PERSON kept fixing it each time . The last time it broke his parents surprised him with a new bike . PERSON was excited and incredibly thankful .	Our granddaughter PERSON is two and a half . Her parents just bought her a new bike . They wanted to get her to exercise . They took a photo of her on the bike . We were pleased .	A man crashed his bike . He needed to buy a new one . He went to a bike shop . He found one he liked . He bought it .	PERSON did n't like wasting gas driving to nearby places . So he bought a bicycle . He used his city 's bike path . And he enjoyed beating traffic . PERSON ended up using his bike more than his car .	PERSON was used to riding the bike with training wheels on . However her mother said she could take them off finally . PERSON 's parents got her a brand new bike without training wheels . PERSON immediately went on it . However to her dismay she fell and skinned her knee .	PERSON just got a new bike that his dad gave him . It was PERSON 's first bike . So PERSON called his friends up to go ride bikes . They agreed to ride bikes . So PERSON all over town happy with his new bike .
PERSON 's wedding	PERSON 's college friends were on his way to his wedding . They had n't seen him in years . They had a lot of fun at the reception . They told stories about what PERSON had been like in college . They all laughed until they cried !	PERSON 's wedding was approaching and she was nervous . All of her friends tried to calm her down constantly . When it was the day of the wedding she was even more nervous . She put on her dress and did her hair with her friends . Everything went fine during the wedding and she was super happy !	PERSON was incredibly stressed trying to plan her wedding . There were seemingly hundreds of decisions to make . Every day her planner called her and che was writing so many checks . PERSON called her fiance and suggested they just elope . A week later they were in LOCATION on their honeymoon .	PERSON was very excited because it was the day of her wedding . Her parents were going to fly in from another country . PERSON was worried because their flight was already delayed . In the end they were not able to make it on that day . PERSON had to postpone her wedding until the next day .	Last week PERSON was marrying Harry . PERSON was there . PERSON is one of PERSON 's old college friends . During the reception PERSON kissed PERSON . PERSON was thrown out of the reception .	PERSON always wanted to get married . She dreamt about the ceremony since childhood . In her thirties she met the love of her life . Her partner did not want to get married . Sadly , PERSON decided not to have a wedding .	PERSON is getting married . She always wanted to have a big wedding . She planned a big reception party . She is happy that her dreams came true . All of her friends and family are coming .	It 's PERSON 's wedding day . Her dress is nowhere in site . She panics and calls her mother to ask where it is . Her mother tells her she is on her way with the dress . Mother arrives in time and saves the wedding .	PERSON was having her wedding . She wanted everything to go perfectly . Someone ended up tripping into one of the tables . The entire wedding ended up being a disaster . PERSON was extremely sad that her big day was ruined .
skating	PERSON had been ice skating a few times . He was not very good . He remembered how fun it looked to stop quickly . PERSON worked on his braking skills , on the ice . PERSON eventually became an adept ice skater , braking easily .	PERSON was a happy 13 year old boy . His birthday was coming up . He only asked for a remote control car for his birthday . He received many presents . He liked his surprise gift of inline skates the best .	My friend PERSON is a determined figure skater . One day after school she practiced her routine for two hours . She got so weak that she landed wrong and broke her ankle . She was out for 6 weeks because of it . She was n't able to compete in the semi finals .	PERSON wanted to learn to rollerblade . He bought a pair of skates and strapped them on . Then he went outside to practice . At first he fell over and over . But soon PERSON was skating just like an old pro !	PERSON was scared of skating . He did not want to fall . PERSON said to just lean forward and use both legs . PERSON tried it , and was good at skating . He always loved skating after that .	PERSON loved to skate at the rink . She laced up her skates and pulled them tight . She got onto the ice and started skating around . Some boys noticed her graceful skating ability . One boy struck up conversation and got a date with PERSON .	PERSON and PERSON were best friends . They enjoyed skating together . They decided to visit a lake . The lake was frozen over since it was very cold . They decided to ice skate across the lake for fun .	Terry desired to learn to skateboard . It looked like a cool hobby to him . But he was frightened of being injured . So he bought a huge amount of safety gear . Some of the safety gear caught on his pants and made him fall .	We went to the skating rink . We were wearing cute costumes . We played limbo on the skate floor . I got my dress hung on someone 's skate . I fell on my butt , and everyone laughed .
the walk	PERSON was walking to work . He noticed that dark clouds began to gather . PERSON was almost to work when it began to rain . He ran for the remaining distance . PERSON arrived at work soaking wet .	PERSON likes to walk . Long distances are her favorite to do . But one day she fell and twisted her ankle . And she could n't walk for 2 weeks . She has been reading alot lately .	We left the house early , as the sun was coming up . We walked around the block multiple times . We waved at the neighbors as we passed . We stopped to talk to the elderly man across the road . We went back home and treated ourselves to ice cream .	PERSON went for a walk . It was very old out . He zipped up his jacket . He saw a cold woman walking nearby . PERSON offered her his jacket .	I took a walk through the park today . I wanted to connect with nature . I saw some beautiful flowers bloom . I heard the bluebird sing a beautiful song . My walk through the park relaxed me .	One day I was sad so I decided to walk my dog . It was a beautiful day and we were having a great time walking . Suddenly I watched as a car ran over a squirrel . It was an upsetting thing to witness . I went back to being sad the rest of the day .	PERSON and PERSON were walking home from school . They were surprised to see dark clouds rolling in . Rain drops began to fall as PERSON searched her bag for her umbrella . PERSON realized she left her umbrella in her locker at school . The girls walked home getting soaked in the rain .	PERSON decided to take her dog on a walk . They walked 4 miles in the cold weather . She froze the whole time . When she got home , she felt like she was getting a cold . PERSON decided that she was going to wear more layers next time .	PERSON and I took a late night walk to the gas station . My cat decided to follow us there . He walked along with us just like a dog would . He even waited outside the gas station for us . He followed us back home and now we go for walks daily .
surfing	PERSON was a world-class surfer . He entered a surfing competition in LOCATION . One the day of the competition , the waves were very harsh . He was n't sure he could make it , but he finished the contest . He did n't place , but he was glad for the opportunity to compete .	PERSON was surfing at the beach . PERSON fell off the surfboard . The board flew up into the air . It crashed into the air and was broken under the waves . PERSON picked up the pieces and went home .	PERSON wanted to learn how to surf very badly . Unfortunately , he had lost his foot in an accident . Still , he bought a surfboard and went into the ocean . He pushed himself up on the board , and balanced himself . He did it , he was surfing !	Drew wanted to learn to surf . He bought a surfboard and set out to the ocean . Unfortunately he lived in the middle of the country . He was miles from the ocean . It took him Years to get there .	I lived near the beach through my entire childhood and teenagerdom . I never learned to surf . Now I feel like I ought to at least try it . I bought some lessons . I had a good time , but I will probably not keep doing it .	PERSON was going to a surfing class at the beach . He was thrilled about learning a new skill . When he got to the assembled class he became very nervous . He decided to stick it out and do his best though . PERSON was happy he did because he loved it .	PERSON tried surfing one day It took her several tries to stay on . PERSON eventually got the hang of it . She met several friends when she went surfing . PERSON was glad she tried something different .	PERSON went surfing this weekend alone . He knows you should n't surf alone , but he still went . PERSON was having a lot of fun , until he saw a fin . He knew it was a shark , and started to paddle . He made it to the shore , looked back to see it was only a dolphin .	PERSON went surfing with her friends one morning . As it was her first time , she took it slowly . She started by kneeling on the surfboard . And eventually she made it to a stand up position . When she managed to surf for two seconds , she screamed in victory .
wedding	I received an invitation to a wedding from a old friend . I have not seen the friend in many years but was excited to go . I went to the wedding . My friend drank too much during the reception and passed out dancing . He felt very bad and never drank again afterwards .	My sister in law celebrated her 25th wedding anniversary yesterday . We attended the wedding . My brother , who is Chinese , taped the ceremony . My sister in law 's work colleagues made racist remarks . I was outraged when he told me .	The man was invited to a wedding . He did not respond . The bride 's feelings were hurt . The groom called the man . The man confirmed that he would attend .	April and PERSON have been together for a month . They are both young and in love . They decided to throw a surprise wedding . They invited all of there friends . April and PERSON are now happily married .	PERSON and Ally were planning their wedding . They were overwhelmed with all that had to go into it . After talking it over , they decided to invite a handful of people . They are planning on a small destination wedding . All that matters to them is being married .	PERSON and PERSON planned the perfect wedding . They had spent almost two Year 's planning for this day . Unexpected Spring showers came right before PERSON appeared on the isle . She was about to start crying until she saw PERSON . The weather was irrelevant , she was happy to finally get to marry him .	My niece 's wedding was set for June 2 . The day before the wedding , her groom was arrested ! He was jailed for failure to report a change of address . We managed to bail him out just in time for the ceremony ! My niece was greatly relieved and had a lovely wedding .	The church was silent . The bride and groom were holding hands . They said their vows and the priest sanctified their marriage . The bride and groom kissed . The baby inside the bride kicked once .	PERSON and PERSON were getting married . The wedding began with some romantic music . Then , the bridesmaids and groomsmen entered . When the bride and groom entered , the audience cheered . It was a happy and memorable day for everyone involved .
volunteer	PERSON wanted to volunteer somewhere . She was homeschooled and had free time during the day . One day she went for a bike ride . She saw a retirement home and stopped there . She began volunteering there the next day .	I wanted to help raise money for public television . I called the station to volunteer . They assigned me to the phones . I was afraid to talk to people but I stuck with it . I raised over a million dollars for PBS on my own .	PERSON was in Girl Scouts . She had to do a lot of volunteering . She had a lot of good experiences doing it . It really helped her in life . Now she has her own kids volunteer !	My niece went to see the principal of her daughter 's high school . Her daughter had compplained of bullying . My daughter had a retired schoolteacher volunteer to help my niece . At the meeting everybody denied bullying and there was no proof . My niece was angry and felt the volunteer did not do enough for her .	PERSON volunteered at a local hospital . She cleaned and talked to patients . Every day she learned something new about medicine . PERSON realized she loved working in the hospital . She decided she would become a doctor !	PERSON wanted to help out in her town . She hated seeing the poverty around her . So after school , she went to work in a soup kitchen . There , she doled out meals and even blankets . It made PERSON feel good about herself .	PERSON and I volunteered at a local church one year . We handed out food and set up plates for a barbecue . When I asked her why she did it she said that she needed the hours . After it was all over we both volunteered more at other places . The next year we both volunteered at the same event again !	A young female caught my attention . She needed audience members for her speech assignment . I volunteered to help her out by listening to her . The speech went extremely well and I also made a few friends . I exchanged numbers with the girl afterwards .	PERSON wanted to volunteer at a nursing home . PERSON 's mom took her to a nursing home near their house . PERSON filled out an application to volunteer . The director showed them around the building . PERSON 's first day of volunteering is next week .
leaving	PERSON 's best friend PERSON joined the Army . PERSON was shocked since PERSON was n't very disciplined . It was the day she was leaving and PERSON dropped her off . As she walked away PERSON had a hard time accepting she was leaving . PERSON waved goodbye to her teary eyed friend .	A man loved his family , but he had to leave to make a better life . He worked hard after leaving , writing every day . He finally earned enough money to bring his family . He moved them to LOCATION , to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . The boy is now a successful architect , and the man is still married .	PERSON was backpacking LOCATION . He had been enjoying LOCATION very much . But he knew it was time to move on . He booked his train ticket south . He was excited for the next phase of his trip !	The funeral was over and everyone was leaving . PERSON sat and held her grandma 's hand while her mother got the car . PERSON grabbed her grandma 's purse and helped her to the car . She held her arm and lowered her into the front seat . She climbed in the back seat , and they drove to the cemetery .	Every Autumn PERSON loved to watch the leaves change color . One year the leaves were especially beautiful . PERSON wanted to marry her fiance among the trees that season . But , he was deployed in LOCATION . When he came home the next year the trees were already bare .	PERSON decided he was going to leave PERSON . He had been unhappy for a long time . He realized that it would probably never get better . PERSON was n't sure what he was going to say to PERSON . PERSON packed his stuff and left without telling her .	She seriously considered leaving that night . She did n't want to ruin all the hopes she 'd built with him . She was terrified he would hurt her . She wrote him a letter , then erased it . She wearily stood up and went to bed instead .	PERSON applied for many jobs after college . She got an interview for a job in LOCATION . PERSON did not live there so she knew it would be a big move . She was offered the job and accepted it . Her friends threw her a party .	PERSON kissed PERSON 's forehead . A tear slid silently down PERSON 's cheek . It was hard to leave , but PERSON turned and walked quickly away . PERSON said nothing as he watched her go . Finally , he too , turned and walked away .
hard work pays off	PERSON was feeling inspired . She saw a coworker get a huge commission and PERSON wanted it , too . She worked hard to make a lot of sales . When the quarter ended , PERSON was the top seller . She felt so proud to reach her goal .	PERSON wanted to learn how to speak German . He bought several review books . He created a routine that consists of 1 hour study sessions daily . His school gave him a study abroad scholarship four years later . He was able to travel to LOCATION and improve his language skills .	PERSON needed money to buy a new iphone . He did not have a job . PERSON decided to through the neighborhood and ask to mow lawns . He did such a wonderful job that many others wanted their lawns mowed . Within two weeks PERSON had enough money to buy the iphone .	I was working at am plant for a temp agency . I was asked to go to work for the plant directly . My contract required me to give 2 weeks notice . For 2 weeks I had to work days for the temp and nights for the plant . It was really worth the extra money it brought in .	PERSON really wanted to go to graduate school for her PhD in biology . Unfortunately , PERSON lacked the research experience necessary . PERSON got a job as a research technician . She worked very hard for two years . After that , she was accepted to a top PhD program .	PERSON was n't the tallest or fastest boy trying out for the basketball . But he was one of the hardest working . He had practiced his free throws all summer . He had a chance to show off his skills at tryouts . He made the team !	PERSON was a very good swimmer . She took part in lots of competitions and often came first . The upcoming competition was very important so she had to do well . She trained extremely hard . In the end PERSON did n't win , but still qualified for nationals .	PERSON wanted a new truck . He needed five thousand dollars for the down payment . PERSON took an extra seasonal job at a fireworks stand . PERSON saved his money all summer . On Labor Day , PERSON drove home his new red Ford F150 pickup truck .	PERSON was an average student in college . He spent most of his time playing and goofing around . He somehow found a good job despite his bad grades . Unfortunately for him , the company shut down soon . He now struggled to find a job and regretted his laziness in college .
break	PERSON planned to take a 20 minute break from his homework . But he did n't feel very motivated to finish it . His break ended lasting 2 hours . And he struggled to finish his homework on time . PERSON regret taking such a long break .	PERSON hated doing homework . So she constantly took breaks . Every 15 minutes , she watched TV or talked on the phone . But after an hour , she hardly got any work done . PERSON regret taking so many breaks .	PERSON started a job after college . It was in a huge office , and she loved it . But she missed getting fresh air like she had in school ! Then her work mates showed her the lunch quad . It was a picnic spot , full of trees and greenery !	Karen loved weekends best of all . Her son 's dad took little PERSON from Friday until Sunday . Karen loved PERSON , but the break was very relieving . Karen got to take bubble baths and relax . She looked forward to the weekends very much !	There was a water main break in PERSON 's hometown . The city put out a Boil Water advisory . For four days , everybody had to boil all their water . It was annoying and time-consuming . PERSON was glad when the city said the water was safe again !	PERSON was planning to do her homework . But she decided to take a break . When she woke up , however , it was already the next morning . And she only finished half of her homework on the bus . PERSON decided not to be so careless about breaks .	We decided to take a break . We went our separate ways . We did n't even want to talk about it . We decided it was best to just end things . We broke up on a saturday .	PERSON was walking on the trails near her home . But it was almost 100 degrees out . She was sweating and incredibly hot . She realized she was too tired to walk back home . She was elated to find a bench in the shade where she could rest .	PERSON takes her afternoon break at 230pm . Her friends come visit her on the roof to smoke . PERSON does n't smoke though and wishes her friends would quit . They make fun of her when she pleads with them . PERSON does n't mention the smoking anymore .
the zoo	The tigers were the most famous animals in the zoo . People would always stop to check them out . One day , the zoo visitors watched the tigers eat huge steaks . They ripped the meat apart . The visitors were in awe of the powerful creatures .	My five years old son and I went to the zoo . He wanted to visit all the animals . He fed the birds and the elephants from a distance . After the day was over , he thank me for the time I spent with him . My heart was full for joyed .	PERSON 's parents took her to the zoo . She wanted to visit the monkeys . PERSON had been reading a book about monkeys . She was scared of the monkeys when they started yelling . PERSON tried to hid behind her mother .	One day PERSON and his friends went to the zoo . They got some ice cream on the way there . They got to feed the ostriches . On the way home , they stopped at Burger King for dinner . They agreed they all had a great day .	Today I took my son to the zoo . He really liked the monkey exhibit . He has been talking like a monkey all day . I started to think it was funny . Now I ca n't get him to speak normally and he is still acting silly .	PERSON took his young son to the zoo . The young boy was fascinated by the gorillas . The young child asked multiple questions about the gorillas . PERSON and a zoo employee gladly answered each questions . The young child left with a great deal of knowledge about the gorillas .	Today I brought my son to the zoo . He really liked the lions and imitated their roar all day long . He lost his voice from all of the growling . When we got home his mom thought he was sick . I explained the raspy voice and mom we all laughed .	PERSON turned 5 Year 's old today . To celebrate the day , her parents took her to the zoo . She has seen many animals in her books but never in person . She loved seeing all of these animals especially the giraffes . This was her best birthday so far .	One Summer morning we decided to go to the Zoo . We got there late and there was a very long line . By the time we got into the Zoo we had missed the Lion Show . That was very upsetting . Thankfully we got to watch the Elephant show right after .
violin	PERSON was very bad at the violin . His only dream was to get good at it . He worked hard and practiced every day . Then one day , he played the song perfectly . His parents were very impressed .	PERSON had always loved the sound of a violin . She decided she wanted to learn to play one herself . She went to every lesson and worked very hard . Finally , she felt ready to perform for her family . From the looks she received , PERSON knew she should stick to listening .	I have played violin for three years . I love to play my violin . Last year I joined an orchestra . I got to play a solo for our concert at the end of the year ! My parents were very proud of me .	When I was a kid I wanted to be really good at playing violin . I practiced all the time to be really good . After a few months of practicing I did get really good . I was so good that people wanted me to play for them . I 'm really glad that I practiced so hard .	PERSON wanted to learn to play the violin . PERSON conducted research to find a qualified teacher . Once she found a teacher , she decided to visit the teacher 's studio . After the visit , PERSON decided to sign up for the lessons . PERSON was excited to be learning to play the violin .	PERSON and PERSON were proud parents . They wanted their kids to have great lives . They decided to have their daughter learn the violin . Their daughter became a great violinist . Their whole family lived very happy lives .	PERSON had a very important violin recital . He had been practicing his song for months . He walked up onto stage and started to play . Once he finished he bowed . The whole crowd clapped because he did so well .	PERSON wanted to learn a musical instrument . She thought back about all the pieces of music she has ever heard . She always thought the violin was amazing and special . She bought a violin and began taking lessons . She learned how to play beautiful music with the violin .	PERSON has been drawn to the violin . Seeing this , her parents put her in lessons . She had a natural gift for the music . After a year , she was performing in recitals . She is considered a prodigy .
spaghetti	We did not have that much in common . I tried to make small talk with her . The seat next to her was empty . We ate at a fancy restaurant . My track team had decided to go out .	PERSON was boiling spaghetti . She received a phone call and ran upstairs . The smoke alarm started going off . When she got downstairs , spaghetti had run out of water . She had burnt her spaghetti noodles .	Sue was cooking spaghetti . As she was cooking , she dropped the bottle of garlic powder . She tried scooping it out but could n't . Her sauce was very spicy . Luckily , her family did not mind .	Melody and PERSON 's mother always used to make them spaghetti . After she passed , her cooking was one of the things they remembered . Melody eventually offered to make the spaghetti for PERSON . PERSON did n't think she could do it right , but Melody was determined . PERSON admitted the spaghetti was great , and tasted like their mom 's .	Sue loved to make spaghetti . She also like to create new sauces . She found a new recipe and bought all the ingredients . She followed the recipe and served it to her family . They all loved the new sauce .	PERSON was cooking spaghetti for her family . Everything was going great . All of a sudden , she spilled red pepper in the sauce . Sue could not get it all out in time . She tasted the sauce and it was ruined .	Dixie loved to cook . Her speciality was spaghetti . One night she forgot the garlic powder . Luckily her spaghetti still turned out great . Everyone praised her recipe .	PERSON loved to cook . He was a very creative cook . He enjoyed taking old recipes and making them new . PERSON made some spaghetti with a bunch of pizza toppings . Everyone loved his new spin on spaghetti .	PERSON decided to make spaghetti . She started the sauce . She made homemade meatballs . However she forgot the noodles . PERSON had to send her husband to the grocery store .
kitten	When I opened the door the kitten froze . She saw the dog and got scared . She arched her back in fear . She stood there for a minute . Then she ran very fast .	She was small and grey . She mewed at me contentedly . I pet her happily . She rubbed all over my leg . She jumped up on my lap .	PERSON felt lonely living in her apartment by herself . One day , she heard a cat meowing from outside her window . PERSON found a kitten alone outside . PERSON brought the kitten to the vet and found out it was healthy . PERSON adopted the kitten and now does n't feel lonely anymore .	PERSON found a kitten in the alley . The kitten was tiny and her fur was dirty . He gave her a bath and fed her milk . She soon grew up and was loyal to PERSON . He was so happy to find her .	PERSON was walking home from the grocery store . He was approaching his house . He heard a small cat making a sound . He approached the cat . He pet the kitten .	I left my kitten in the room today by herself . She tore up my curtains . She peed on my shoes . She managed to get cat food in my bed . I think she will be going in her cage tomorrow .	PERSON head a sound one morning . There was a kitten under his truck . It had been born overnight . He put the kitten in a crate with an open door . The next day it was gone .	PERSON was training her new kitten . At first it was frustrating . The kitten never used the litter box . But after a while he learned . PERSON was proud of her successful training .	PERSON wanted a kitten . She went to the shelter with her mom . She picked out the perfect kitten ! Then they took it home together . Nine loved her new kitty so much !
soup kitchen	PERSON worked as a volunteer at a soup kitchen near downtown . She came to work happy that day . The happiness stopped when a robber came with a gun . They did n't have a register so he made everyone give him their wallets PERSON is still traumatized by what happened that day .	PERSON ran an impromptu soup kitchen out of her home on Christmas . She had to think of cheap food to cook large amounts of . She made a lot of rice , pasta , potatoes , and the like . She also made her famous chicken noodle soup . PERSON served 224 meals to 224 hungry , grateful people .	PERSON works in a soup kitchen . One day a man came in . He was very hungry . PERSON offered him an extra portion of food . He was very thankful .	PERSON was always up for volunteering during his spare time . Today , a friend of his asked him to help out at the soup kitchen . PERSON showed up on time and got instruction on how to serve . He spent the rest of the afternoon , serving lunch to everyone . He went out afterwards with his friend to discuss social issues .	PERSON was annoyed at his mother . He wanted to enjoy a relaxing Thanksgiving at home . But his mother signed the family up to work at a soup kitchen . He spent all day handing out rolls . It was the best Thanksgiving he ever had .	I wanted to volunteer . I decided to volunteer at the soup kitchen . They made me hand out bread . I hated it . But , I realized that I got to make a difference in people 's lives .	One day Grace volunteered at the local soup kitchen . One of the homeless women gave her a hug . She hugged her back . That made Grace 's day . She was happier from then on .	PERSON opened up a lunch cafe . She was so excited on opening day when hundreds of people lined up . It only took her a few customers to realize the people were homeless . That is when she realized that she did something wrong . She should have never named her restaurant The Soup Kitchen .	On Thanksgiving , PERSON 's family worked at a soup kitchen . His job was to hand out rolls . He felt sad to see all the needy people . But he was happy that he was able to help them . He hoped his family would go back to help again next year .
hike	A group of friends went on a hike . One of the friends tripped over a large root in the ground . She twisted her ankle badly . She hopped on her friend 's back . He carried her back to get medical treatment .	PERSON loved to go hiking . She 'd always pester her friends to join her . One time her friends consented to come along . After two hours everybody except PERSON wanted to turn around . With a big grin on her face PERSON led them out of the woods .	I went on a hike on Saturday . I saw a large butterfly coming down the trail . I stopped to look as it floated past me . Just then a bee stung me on the arm . I swatted the bee and accidentally killed the butterfly .	I decided to take a hike last weekend . I went up to the top of a near mountain . The view was breathtaking . I felt alive and in touch with nature . I took plenty of pictures before coming back .	PERSON was very overweight and not active . Her son vowed to help her get into shape . Every morning he drove PERSON to the woods and hiked with her . After a while PERSON got better and faster . Soon she had dropped weight and turned into a great hiker !	We went in a hike in the woods by my house . The trees were very high . My brother climbed one of the trees . We told him to get down . He fell from the tree .	PERSON went hiking one morning . At first he was having a great time . Then a bee stung his arm ! PERSON was in a lot of pain . He had to end his hike early .	PERSON loved to go hiking . She spent every summer doing it . One summer she went to the LOCATION LOCATION to hike . She was mesmerized by the scenic environment . She was exhausted afterwards but still enjoyed it .	I once went on a hike in the Adirondacks . When I got to the end there was a pond . I went swimming and enjoyed myself . When I got out I realized it was teeming with leeches . I checked myself over and over and somehow did n't have any .
windy day	My friend and I went to the beach . We reserved a pavilion and decorated the place . The day turned out great until heavy winds appeared . Our belongings and food were blown away completely . Therefore , everyone had to pack up and leave the place .	PERSON saw the wind blowing the trees today . PERSON decided that today would be a great day to fly a kite . She dug out her kite from her summer storage boxes . PERSON took her kite to the park . PERSON flew her kite all afternoon until it got too dark .	PERSON was walking to work . He was holding his umbrella . The wind started to pick up . A strong gust ripped the umbrella out of his hand . PERSON was n't able to get it back .	PERSON took her kite to the park . She hoped there would be enough wind to fly it . When she arrived , though , she found a different problem . The wind was so strong , she almost lost her kite ! Kia had to grip it very tightly !	PERSON was walking to work . It was a particularly windy day . A strong gust knocked PERSON over . He fell into a puddle . PERSON had to work the entire day wet .	It was very windy out . PERSON took her kite to the yard . She unfurled it . Then the wind died down unexpectedly ! PERSON had to put her kite away .	PERSON was going sailing with friends . They had planned it for months . The day they were set to leave had storm warnings . PERSON noticed that the wind was really picking up . They decided to reschedule just to be safe .	It was a windy day . PERSON made his way down the street , holding onto his hat . A strong gust engulfed him . In his surprise , he let go of his umbrella . The umbrella tumbled down the sidewalk .	It was very windy and rainy outside . PERSON took her umbrella with her when she left . But as she walked , the wind increased . The umbrella was ripped from her hands and carried away ! Poor PERSON had to walk with no umbrella .
the dress	PERSON had her eye on a dress at the mall . She knew she could not afford it . She decided to save up until she could . When she had enough money , she went back to the store . However , the dress was sold out .	Jasmine went shopping . SHe found an amazing new dress . It was long and colorful . She wore it to dinner that night and felt very beautiful . Jasmine got a lot of compliments on the dress .	PERSON bought a new dress today . She wanted to show it off at her boyfriend 's party . Her boyfriend told her that he loved the dress . PERSON and her boyfriend danced and ate all night . After the party , they decided that she will always keep the dress .	PERSON needed a new dress for a party . She went to a department store and looks at their dresses . PERSON finds a purple dress that would look great for the party . The store does not have the dress in PERSON 's size . PERSON is sad that she will have to keep looking for another dress .	PERSON was going to prom in may and needed a dress . She wanted a specific kind of dress but it was hard to find . She kept checking so many different stores but none of them had it . She began searching on the internet and finally found it . Her dress arrived just in time for prom and she looked amazing .	PERSON was excited to wear her new dress . It was the perfect shade of pink . It was full of ruffles . When she put it on , the zipper busted open . PERSON was so upset and cried that she could n't wear it .	PERSON was a very average woman . She always thought very little of herself . One day PERSON bought a lovely black dress . When she would were it she would glow with self-confidence . PERSON wore the dress to impress her crush and it worked !	The woman was getting married in just a month . She ordered a dress from the bridal shop . She was worried it would n't arrive in time . The dress showed up the day before the wedding . The woman was so relieved she cried !	PERSON went to the store to buy a new dress . She had her heart set on the blue one with ruffles . When she got to the store , the blue dress was sold out . They offered a black dress with rhinestones in it 's place . PERSON now has a new black and glittery dress .
trip	When I was a child my family would drive to LOCATION LOCATION . The trip took a few hours . So , of course I would get really bored . One year , my dad finally came up with a cure for this problem . He bought me a handheld game console and I stopped being bored .	PERSON had her jewelry in a small Tupperware with drawers . Her jewelry fit in the Tupperware easily . But the drawers were loose , and opened too easily . PERSON worried that her jewelry could fall out of the drawers . Just then she tripped on her own shoe .	An old man walked with a cane . He started to fall on the ice . A person looking out for him saved him . The man was so thankful . The man bought the person a drink .	My boyfriend returned home from LOCATION . He told me stories about what he and his army friends did for fun . I was enthralled by the stories . I laughed and enjoyed hearing the sound of his voice again . He told me he hoped he would never get sent away again .	PERSON liked a boy in school , but was very clumsy . One day while staring at the boy she tripped and broke her arm . She went to the hospital and had to get a cast . When she returned to school , the boy signed her cast . They started a conversation that lead to dates and finally marriage .	PERSON bought stylish new curly shoe laces . They did not tie - they simply spiraled outwards . But soon she found that they made her shoes very loose . In fact , she tripped and fell on the second day ! The painful ankle sprain convinced PERSON to return to regular laces !	My cousin picked me up from my house . Although we planned to go by mom 's house , she drove somewhere else . We parked behind a gas station . She walked towards a friend of hers . They exchanged drugs .	PERSON went to meet her boyfriend . She had to take 2 trains . Her boyfriend picked her up . He took her to the mall . PERSON went back home after .	We made plans to go to LOCATION . We wanted to visit my husband 's mother . She was getting married for the second time . We drove for three days to get there . When we arrived , we were devastated to hear the wedding was cancelled .
power outage	Yesterday a large storm swept the town . Immediately we lost power . It was terrible . My fridge was n't working nor were my electronics . Thankfully we got it back today .	PERSON walked into the kitchen . The room was very dark . PERSON turned on the light switch . The room stayed very dark . PERSON decided to go back to his room .	My wife got ta work today at 8 am . She texted me that the power was out in her area . She waited with her coworkers in the dark all morning . Everybody went home at 1 pm , as the power was still out . She got home and we had coffee .	PERSON woke up very late . And he realized his alarm clock was n't working . There was no power in his house . And he was 3 hours late for work . PERSON decided to use his cell phone as an alarm afterwards .	PERSON was watching a movie at home . The power went out . PERSON was annoyed . He decided to read instead . It was n't too bad .	There was a power outage at PERSON 's house . He was hungry . But all he had were canned beans . He walked over to his electric can opener . But it did n't start .	PERSON was working . She was on her laptop . All the sudden she lost power . She was scared . She had no backup .	PERSON 's workplace had been having power outages all morning . After hours the power was restored , and the computers were started . Peg unfortunately had to help a very rude customer . After several miserable minutes , her computer suddenly shut down . She had never been so grateful for a power outage .	I dragged myself out of bed and got ready for school . It was raining outside and it showed no signs of stopping . Naturally I was running late and the weather was making my drive slow . I pulled into the parking lot and saw that everybody was outside . They had cancelled school because the storm knocked out the power .
tires	In the morning , I saw I had a flat tire . There was no way to fix it before work . I asked a friend for a ride . After he dropped me off , he drove over an aluminum can in the lot . It punctured one of his tires .	The man checked the tires . He recommended replacements . The customer agreed without checking cost . The man installed replacements . The customer was shocked by the high price .	The man inflated the tires . He got one too full . That tire popped . He put on a spare . He drove to the tire shop .	PERSON went out to his bicycle one day . He saw he had a flat tire . He ran back inside to grab his pump . He pumped up the tire as it only had a slow leak . He rode it to the bicycle shop and had his tire fixed .	I had to get new tires for a long trip . I went to PERSON 's to get them done . I also got an oil change while I was there . It cost an arm and a leg . The trip was much safer with the new tires .	PERSON 's car was sliding in the snow . She took it to a garage for assessment . The mechanic said she needed snow tires , with better grip . PERSON agreed to get the tires . She was happy to make her car safer in the snow !	On Sunday my wife went food shopping . When she got to the car she saw the low tire pressure light . She called me and I went down to get a pump . I am disabled and have trouble walking and bending over . We managed to fill the tires with air , luckily .	PERSON was getting new tires on his truck . He saw them put his truck on the lift . But he noticed something was n't right . His truck leaned a bit and then fell off the lifts ! They did n't place the lift properly on his truck !	PERSON 's tires all seemed low . He used a gauge and confirmed they needed air . PERSON got out a bicycle pump and topped them off . His wife looked at him oddly for it . PERSON shrugged and pointed out that it worked .
dentist	I went to the dentist last week . The hygienist spent time flossing and scraping my teeth . She then used my favorite mint polish to clean my teeth . Finally the dentist came and gave me a clean bill of health . I made an appointment for six months and went home for the night .	PERSON had to go to the dentist . He was n't sure if he had cavities or not . He went to get his cleaning done . The dentist told him he has 10 cavities . This ruined his day .	PERSON went to the dentist this week . She was nervous they would find cavities because she had a toothache . Her fears were confirmed when they found two . The dentist told her she 'd have to schedule follow up visits . She 's getting fillings next Wednesday .	PERSON was afraid of the dentist . He tried to be a big boy . He went to the appointment without protesting . To his surprise , the dentist was very nice ! She calmed all of PERSON 's fears !	PERSON had not been to the dentist in a long time . His wife scheduled him an appointment . PERSON was very worried about going to the dentist . He found out he had a cavity and needed a tooth pulled . PERSON is now nervous about his next appointment .	PERSON broke his tooth chewing on a lollipop . He made the decision to go to the dentist . He called the dentist to make an appointment . The dentist fixed up PERSON 's tooth . PERSON was very thankful for the helpful dentist .	PERSON had a cavity that was causing her severe pain . A large part of her tooth was missing , so she went to the dentist . She was extremely nervous , but the pain was too bad to handle . When the tooth was pulled , she was surprised how painless it was . She realized she had been scared for nothing .	The dentist had to give me fillings . The needle was so painful . But the gas was nice . It took him about 30 min . Now I have a new shiny silver tooth .	Now that PERSON was seven , she had most of her permanent teeth . Her mom decided it was time for PERSON to see a dentist . PERSON was terrified and begged not to go . But when they arrived , the dentist was very nice to PERSON . She realized that dentists were n't so scary after all !
chicken	My husband wanted me to watch a tv series with him . I did n't understand why until the last season . A personality of a child existed inside a woman . He told me that was what it was like living with me . I smiled , because I knew it was true .	My wife bought rotisserie chicken for dinner on Monday . The cat loves this dish . She lay under the table , sniffing . My wife gave her some chicken so we could eat in peace . The cat was very happy that night .	My girlfriend make chicken and broccoli casserole for dinner . This is one of my favorite meals . However , the chicken came out a little pink . We were worried it was a little undercooked . We just put it back in the oven to ensure we do not get sick .	The chicken place was a two mile drive away . I had to fight through a lot of traffic . When I got there , the line was long . I ended up stuck in the drive through for a long time . I got our chicken and went back home .	PERSON wanted to eat chicken . He decided to go ahead and buy a large chicken . He also bought sides . He cooked the chicken in the oven . It turned out perfect .	PERSON made chicken for dinner . He carefully planned it out . However , the chicken took longer to cook than expected . Everyone had to wait a long time for dinner . However , it was delicious , so they did n't mind .	A woman read an article . It talked about maltreatment of animals . It talked about chickens . She decided she wanted to stop eating it . She quit last week .	PERSON went to a local chicken fast food joint . He ordered fried chicken . When he got home he bit into a piece . He realized the chicken was undercooked . PERSON drove back to the store and demanded a refund .	Kia pet almost every animal at the petting zoo . But when she got to the chickens , she paused . She thought they might be nasty or mean . Gathering her courage , she bent and stroked one . To her surprise , it was soft and friendly !
history test	PERSON had a test in history . She had completely forgotten about it and did n't study . PERSON failed the test . The next time there was a test , she studied extra hard . PERSON did well on that test and improved her grade .	PERSON has a history test tomorrow . He has not studied at all . He decided to pull an allnighter . However , as he was studying , he fell asleep . PERSON still was not ready for his test .	PERSON was taking a history class . He had a test coming up . He did n't study for it at all . When the day of the test came , he was totally lost . He decided to study harder from then on .	PERSON has a history test . He has been studying for weeks . When he got to class he was still nervous . He saw his test and knew all the answers . PERSON aced his test .	PERSON has a history test . He has studied for two days . He believed he was ready . When he got to the test , he panicked . He ended up missed ten questions , and failed .	PERSON has a history test . He has studied all week . However , he still did not feel ready . PERSON got to his test and took it . He did much better than he thought .	PERSON had n't studied for his history test . He took history after lunch . PERSON pretended to be sick around lunchtime . He went home . PERSON was n't at school to take the test .	PERSON has a history test tomorrow . He has not studied . He decided to stay up and pull an allnighter . When he got to school he fell asleep . PERSON failed his test .	PERSON has a history test tomorrow . He has not studied at all . He decided to pull an allnighter . However , he fell asleep while studying . PERSON did not do well on his test .
brownies	PERSON 's grades were n't good . He wanted to get better grades . He decided to bribe the teacher . He made him brownies . His grades went up .	PERSON thought she was a wonderful chef . She made brownies for her friend . Her friend refused to eat them because they were burnt . PERSON was very embarrassed . She practiced and became a great chef .	My friend PERSON went to LOCATION on his honeymoon . He decided to go to places not seen by tourists . He and his wife went to a tea shop . They were served brownies laced with pot . His wife was not appreciative .	I was really craving some chocolate . I decided I would try to bake some brownies . I thought I did everything according to the recipe . I had a mistake though , I used regular sugar not powdered . The brownies tasted gritty like they had sand in them .	The mother and son were baking brownies together . The son asked if he could lick the spoon . The mother was reluctant to say yes because of raw egg in the batter . The son kept whining and begging , so his mother relented . The son later said he had a stomach ache .	PERSON loved his wife 's brownies very much . She usually made them when he had a bad day at work . PERSON told his wife he had a bad day , even though it was n't the truth . She went into the kitchen and made fresh baked brownies for him . She brought the plate of brownies to him and he smiled .	This morning I was sitting at the computer . Someone knocked on my door . It was my neighbor PERSON , with brownies . She had promised them in the past , but had not delivered . I was pleasantly surprised , and thanked her .	PERSON was making brownies for a dinner party . She put the brownies in the oven and decided to take a shower . In the shower , PERSON was distracted by the warm water . PERSON forgot to take the brownies out of the oven . There was no dessert for the dinner party .	One day my friend PERSON gave us brownies . The next day I thanked her while sitting on the bench . She gave me a shush sign . She later told me she gives brownies out to 12 people . She did n't want any other residents to find out .
grandma	When May 's grandson was born , she tried to pass on all her knowledge . She gave her daughter PERSON instructions on how to do everything . Eventually PERSON told her mother firmly to stop trying to take over . May was a little hurt when PERSON told her to stop butting in . But she knew she had to let her daughter learn to parent on her own .	PERSON was going to become a new grandmother . Her new grandbaby was due in one week . PERSON scheduled time off from her job and bought a plane ticket . She made it in time to see her grandbaby born . PERSON was so happy she made the trip .	We went to my uncle 's house . He had a bunch of four wheelers . We convinced my 87 year old grandmother to ride one . She got on the back with my uncle . She enjoyed the ride around his land .	PERSON 's grandmother was getting very old . One day she slipped on the front porch and broke her hip . PERSON visited her in the hospital and promised to take care of her . When her grandmother went home , PERSON visited her every day . PERSON and her grandmother cherished the time they had together .	They decided to help grandma move . They drove all the way to LOCATION . They spent days loading the trailers . They helped by picking up food . They drove all the way to LOCATION then home to LOCATION .	My grandma had a special talent . When she got mad at me one day , she threw her shoe at me . It hit me right on top of the head . It bounced and went all the way back to her . She reached out her hands and caught .	PERSON was staying at her daughter house for a week . He daughter was out of town and her grandson was home sick . Her grandson had thrown up on the couch . His dad had attempted to clean the mess . Sue decided to re-clean since the house still smelled of vomit .	PERSON loved visiting her Grandma . She would go to see her every weekend and they would do puzzles . PERSON could spend hours doing puzzles with her Grandma . Her Grandma looked forward to the visits from PERSON . PERSON and her Grandma had the best days together .	Grandma loves it when 9 year old PERSON comes to visit . She and PERSON often make crafts together . Grandma saves bits of cardboard and other scraps for this purpose . One visit they built a big cardboard robot covered in aluminum foil . Months later , PERSON still talks about that robot .
PERSON 's phone	PERSON recently had an interesting day . She took the subway to work like she does everyday . But as she left the subway she realized she had lost her phone ! She ran down the subway entrance trying to look for her phone . Some stranger had picked it up and handed it back to her !	PERSON lost her cell phone . She looked everywhere for it , but could n't find it . Eventually she gave up and bought a new phone . PERSON like her new phone better than her old phone . PERSON was happy that she lost her phone .	PERSON had a cell phone that she loved very much . One day PERSON dropped her cell phone onto the ground . She tried to fix it all afternoon with no success . PERSON then drove to the store and bought a new cell phone . She decided that she loved this cell phone more than the last .	PERSON dropped his phone . The phone broke into 5 pieces . PERSON decides he needs a new phone . He goes to the cell phone store . PERSON buys a new phone .	PERSON really wanted to buy a new iPhone . So , PERSON decided to go to the Apple store . At the Apple store , there were a lot of phones to buy . PERSON picked out the best model and purchased it . PERSON liked her new phone , but it was very expensive .	PERSON needed a new phone . He looked online for reviews of different phones . PERSON liked the features of the iphone . He bought the iphone when a promotion came up . PERSON received his phone and was very pleased .	PERSON went to the store and bought a phone . He was very excited and began to run home . He ran too fast and dropped his phone . His phone screen had cracked . He picked the phone up and walked home sadly .	PERSON did n't want to get a new phone . She looked at all the models at the store and hated how big they were . She held them up to her old phone with distaste . She even got into an argument with the salesman about it . I 'm surprised she left with one .	PERSON left his phone on his desk at school . He repeatedly checked his phone for messages from friends . The school had a strict no phone policy that was well enforced . PERSON 's teacher noticed his phone and decided to take it from him . He had to go the rest of the day without his phone .
basketball	PERSON went down to the playground . There he saw a group of kids playing basketball . PERSON walked over and asked if he could join them . They shrugged and acquiesced . PERSON had a great time playing basketball with them !	The last day of basketball is tomorrow . I really happy it is ending . They start so early on Saturday morning . I have some trouble getting up . It will be nice to sleep in now .	PERSON knew he was good but not the best . So he challenged PERSON , who was the best . They played 5 games on Friday . PERSON won 4 out of the 5 games ! PERSON is now the best player in the school .	PERSON loves to play sports . He is very athletic . PERSON decided to enter a basketball tournament . PERSON was the best in the tournament . Now PERSON has lots of trophies at home !	My son finished trying out for the basketball team today . He came home so scared and excited he could n't sit still . He thought he would have to wait weeks to hear the results . Much to his surprise , the coach called and offered him a position . He was so excited he ran through the house screaming .	PERSON was a great basketball player . He always scored many points . One day a friend challenged him to a friendly game . PERSON agreed and did not play as well as he thought . PERSON learned his skills were not always that great .	PERSON played basketball at the park everyday . He was very good , so his coach recruited him . Not all of the team players were excited about their new teammate . Some of the players called PERSON names . However , by the end of the season , PERSON had made many friends .	PERSON loved playing basketball with his friends . His friends thought he was extremely good at the game . They told him he should join the school team , but he was scared . ` . The coach talked to him and granted him some courage . PERSON joined the team and led them to victory .	PERSON decided he wanted to be on the school basketball team . He practiced shooting baskets all summer . By the time tryouts came , PERSON was really good at shooting . The other kids were really impressed with PERSON . The coach made PERSON a starter on the basketball team .
PERSON 's cat	PERSON had a pet cat . She chose to never feed the cat . PERSON also kept the cat in rude manner . One day , PERSON fell asleep and left her front door open . PERSON 's cat escaped and never returned to her .	Today , PERSON was on a normal walk through his neighborhood . He heard a peculiar noise in one of the bushes . It was a lonely kitten looking for food ! PERSON took the kitten home and gave him food and water . The kitten become one of PERSON 's best friends .	PERSON had always wanted a cat ever since he was a little kid . His mom would never allow him to have a cat because she had allergies . When PERSON finally moved into his own house , he bought a cat . When he brought it home everything was fine , for a few days . PERSON soon realized that he had cat allergies and gave the cat away .	PERSON lived alone for her whole life . PERSON was a very lonely person . She was so sad one day she had a panic attack . PERSON called her mother who came rushing over . Her mother suggested she buy a cat .	PERSON had a cat , who was his pride and joy . PERSON would play with his cat everyday . Sadly , his cat ran away . PERSON was heartbroken and looked everywhere for his cat . PERSON found his cat napping on the porch !	PERSON had a cat he loved more than anything . At the end of the day , he loved to sit and read with his cat . But one day PERSON found his cat very ill . He was terrified she would die but he got a surprise . His cat had 6 kittens that night .	PERSON is very lonely . He decides to go to the animal shelter . He meets a cat that he immediately falls in love with . He brings the cat home and spoils him with yarn and cheese . The cat loves PERSON and he 's no longer lonely .	PERSON adopted a foster cat . The cat was disturbed , having been abused in her previous homes . PERSON put her full effort into retraining her . The cat would not stop scratching and biting people . PERSON had to put the cat down .	PERSON bought a cute cat from the pet store . The cat did not want to eat anything . PERSON tried to feed it fish . PERSON tried to feed it pizza . Finally PERSON found out that the cat eats crackers !
robbery	Four masked bandits entered the restaurant . Each was brandishing a gun . The tallest bandit demanded everyone to the floor . The shortest bandit emptied the cash registers and the safe . All four left with no one getting hurt , and fled in a black suv .	PERSON bought a new house . It was in a bad neighborhood . She went to work one day . Her house was robbed during the day . PERSON wants to sell her house now .	PERSON was accused to robbing a bank . PERSON was innocent . She did n't know what bank they were even talking about . In the end , the truth came out . PERSON 's twin sister was the actual perpetrator .	I witnessed a robbery once . I was walking into my church to help the youth leaders . I approached the door and saw a man trying to break into an office . We called the police . I got to give a witness statement , which was pretty cool .	PERSON needed money to pay his bills . He had trouble getting a job so he turned to crime . One day , during a robbery , he was caught . The owner was an officer and instead of arresting he gave him a loan . Now PERSON has his own business and is forever grateful .	PERSON was a bank teller . One day a masked man with a gun came into the bank . He came to her window demanding cash . She put money into a bag along with a dye pack . The robber would not be able to use the money after it exploded !	PERSON came home to find his front door open . He went inside and saw a huge mess . He discovered that robbers had broken in . He called the police and reported his missing items . PERSON was happy that no one was hurt during the crime .	I could not afford to pay my rent . I decided to rob a store to get the money . I held the store clerk at gunpoint and demanded some cash . The clerk emptied the cash drawer into my bag . I was able to pay my rent but I was arrested shortly thereafter .	I got home from work last night and parked my car in front of my house . I left my purse on the seat and forgot to lock the doors . When I came back out an hour later my purse was missing . I called the police to report it missing . The police officer made it seem like it was all my fault .
stray dog	PERSON found a stray dog on the street . She brought the dog home . She named the dog Spot . Spot and PERSON became good friends . PERSON felt happier than she ever had before .	Kia loved to take walks . She would walk for hours at at time . One time Kia ran into a stray dog . The dog did n't seem to be very friendly . Kia remained calm and got away from the dog safely .	PERSON was walking home from school when she saw a dog . He did n't have any tags or a collar . The dog followed her home . PERSON 's mom said they could keep him until they found the owner . PERSON and the dog played together for the rest of the day .	PERSON was walking home one cold day . She was walking very fast because she was so cold . Suddenly she heard a dog barking at her . PERSON thought the dog sounded scared so went over to it . The dog seemed sick so she took it home and kept it .	PERSON was walking home from school . A stray dog followed him . He tried to sneak food out to him . His parents noticed and called animal control . They took the dog away .	The stray dog looked dirty and thin . A rescue group approached her to help her . She ran away at first . Then they caught her and made her better . They gave her a haircut and she got a new home .	PERSON was doing his morning jog by the lake when he saw a stray dog . He approached it and saw it had no collar . He brought it home and put posters around his neighborhood . At night , the owner of the dog called to come and pick the dog . When the dog had left , PERSON felt good about himself for helping .	I was in LOCATION . I saw a stray dog on the street . I felt bad for it . I decided to adopt it . We became best friends !	PERSON found a stray dog outside the door one morning . PERSON asked her parents if they could keep the dog . Her parents melted , saying yes . PERSON cared for that dog with all her heart . Now , 5 years later , PERSON and that dog are absolutely inseparable .
pumpkin	She wanted to make pumpkin everything . She walked through the store looking at the seasonal items . She found some donuts that were pumpkin flavored . She bought two boxes of them . The cashier laughed at all the pumpkin items in her cart .	June was carving pumpkins for halloween with her family . This was her favorite part of the year . When she finished she was very proud of her pumpkin . When she went to put it outside the neighbor told her how great it was . June was so happy she hugged her neighbor .	The boy carved a pumpkin . He was excited to see it lit up . His mom put a candle in it . The boy was disappointed . He asked to carve another pumpkin .	PERSON was carving a pumpkin for Halloween . It was not going well . PERSON told her to draw the holes before she carved . PERSON tried it . She then made a good jack-o-lantern for Halloween .	The man smashed a pumpkin . The neighbors saw him do it . The neighbors told the cops . The cops had no choice but to look into it . The man admitted his crime .	PERSON and her husband were visiting the pumpkin patch . She was very pregnant with their second child . Their first child was delighted to play with the pumpkins . PERSON suddenly went into labor there in the pumpkin patch . She gave birth to a healthy boy , right there among the vines .	Pumpkin , my 5 year old pug , just got eye surgery . She got into a fight with another dog a few days ago . Her eye got seriously scratched in the fight . It will be sore for a few weeks , so I 'm keeping close watch . She wants to scratch it , so I put a cone over her head .	My son wanted a pumpkin carved to represent his condition . He has oral apraxia , so he has to use sign language . I helped him trace his hand in the love sign . We put it on the pumpkin and cut it out . Then we put a light inside to brighten the porch .	PERSON was carrying a pumpkin . It was from her garden . On the way to the house she tripped . The pumpkin went flying . The pumpkin broke open spilling its guts everywhere .
fleas	PERSON was petting his dog . He saw a speck moving around on the dog 's head . Then he saw a thousand specks . Oh no , PERSON thought . He drove to the petstore and bought some flea medication .	PERSON saw that his dog was scratching a lot . He took a close look at his dog 's coat and saw tiny bugs . He called the vet who prescribed the dog some medication . PERSON gave him the dog the medication . A few day later his dog stopped scratching .	PERSON is a pitbull . Her owner is PERSON . PERSON found fleas on Penny . PERSON got a flea bath from PERSON . Now PERSON does not have fleas .	Last year we got fleas in our house . Fleas bite you and make you itchy . We vacuumed a lot to get rid of the fleas . We also put down salt which is supposed to dehydrate them . Eventually , these things worked and we no longer have fleas .	My dog has fleas and constantly scratching himself . I took my dog to the veterinarian office . The veterinarian gave my dog two shots . Eventually the fleas started to die . My dog finally stop scratching himself .	PERSON 's dog had fleas . The dog lived in the house with PERSON . PERSON had bite marks on his legs . PERSON realized he had gotten bitten by fleas . He had to treat his dog for fleas .	PERSON was given a used bed . It was loaded with fleas ! PERSON 's dad carried it outside in the cold night . It sat out there all night . In the morning , all the fleas were frozen !	Fleas everywhere ! The dog brought them inside the house ! They were biting and itching and making everyone miserable . PERSON bought flea soap , poison , and a pill for the dog . It took work and diligence , but PERSON exterminated them all !	PERSON 's cat was named PERSON . PERSON had fleas . PERSON went to the pet store to get flea medicine for PERSON . The pet store was out of medicine . PERSON still has fleas .
growing up	I was finally eighteen . My parents forced me to move out of their house . I did n't have a job . I tried to look for a job but my luck was down . I ended up homeless .	PERSON went away to college . He learned a lot about himself . He learned to become independent and to solves problems . After college he moved back home and felt empowered . He was an adult now and he was happy with that .	PERSON was the youngest of three brothers . He was always treated well , but felt like he was emotionally neglected . He did n't try very hard to get people to notice him because he was shy . His older brother , PERSON , asked him why he was really sensitive . PERSON was finally able to tell someone what bothered him so badly .	PERSON was turning 13 soon and starting middle school . She thought this was a good time to wear makeup . PERSON asked her mom if she could start wearing makeup . Her mom thought for many days about it . PERSON was allowed to start wearing mascara only .	PERSON had just turned 12 . Because of this , she started to notice changes in her body . The change that was the most irritating was the acne on her face . She went to the doctor for the acne . The doctor assured her it was normal and gave her some acne medicine .	PERSON wanted to grow up . He wanted to be an adult . He told his parents that he was an adult . They showed him the electric bill . PERSON no longer wanted to be an adult .	When I was growing up I lived in LOCATION . But my dad was in the army and we would move around a lot . We had to move to LOCATION . At first I hated it , but then I made a bunch of new friends . Now , I really like living in LOCATION .	PERSON was a high school senior . She thought graduation meant freedom . After graduation PERSON moved out of her parents house . She realized bills are expensive . PERSON dreams of going back to high school .	It was PERSON 's birthday yesterday . She got a birthday cake and presents . Everyone had fun except for her . She cried . She could n't get over the fact that she was so old .
waitress	PERSON was sixteen when she started her first job as a waitress . She was excited to start , but also slightly nervous . She had trained , and thought she 'd be able to carry the tray . But on her first order she overbalanced , and the tray crashed down . PERSON realized she had a lot more to learn about being a waitress .	PERSON hated being a waitress . Last week she almost quit . Customers walked into her job five minutes before closing . They demanded lots of food and left a poor tip . She cried herself to sleep two days in a row .	Needing money , PERSON got a job as a waitress . She saw how the other waitresses competed for the best tippers . PERSON determined to give every customer the same great service . Soon , she was mostly waiting on big families that left small tips . PERSON decided it was time to start competing like the other girls .	PERSON laughed at the girl running around taking orders . He told her to go at her own pace and passed her a joint . The girl smoked it and got very mellow . Then customers complained about their food not arriving . The boss fired the girl for being so slow .	PERSON was a waitress . She worked at a bed and breakfast . She never got paid less than fifty dollars in tips . Today was an exception . PERSON made three hundred dollars .	PERSON got a waitressing job . She was very happy to have a job . On her first day , she found out what hard work it was . However , at the end of the day , her tips were worth all that work . PERSON has learned to really enjoy waitressing .	PERSON took an after school job as a waitress . She served food and cleaned tables . Her customers loved her , so they tipped her well . In one night she made almost a hundred dollars ! PERSON really loved waitressing !	I went to the pizza place to find out the details of PERSON 's death . I asked for the manager but instead a waitress came walking over to me She just started waving her finger in my face as she told me lies . I was still in shock and was about to just turn and leave . That was when something came over me and I punched her in the face .	When I was a teenager , I broke my wrist . A few years later , I started working in a restaurant . I could n't bear the weight of a full tray of drinks on my wrist . A family came in and ordered 12 Pepsis . I spilled them all on the father 's lap .
pants	The man 's pants had a hole . So he went to the store . He found some new pants . Outside the store , he slipped on some ice . He tore a hole in his new pants .	The man put on some pants . They were too tight at the waist . He checked the size of the waist . He picked out one size bigger from the rack . Those pants fit better .	PERSON 's favorite pants had a rip in them . His mother wanted him to throw them out , but PERSON refused . Instead , he taught himself to sew so he could fix them . Now the pants are repaired and PERSON wears them often . It was worth learning a new skill for his very favorite pants .	The man shopped for pants . He could n't find any that fit . He found a big and tall store . He found some pants that fit . He bought some pants there .	A man bent over . His pants ripped . He was embarrassed . He decided to buy a new pair . He bought a new pair .	PERSON was at work one day and leaned over to pick up a pen . When she leaned over , her pants ripped slightly . She was so embarrassed and went to the restroom . PERSON vowed to go on a diet to lose weight . She ended up losing 20 pounds and felt great .	I was wearing a long pair of pants . It was very hot outside . I started to sweat a lot . I went inside the house . I changed into some shorts .	PERSON was headed to a party later on . But PERSON needed some new pants . So PERSON drove to the store to get new pants . PERSON found some good pants and bought them . PERSON got ready with his new pants to party .	PERSON bought a new pair of pants . He tried them on later that day . Surprisingly , they did not fit him properly . He went back to the store to return them later on . He made sure in the future to try clothes on before he bought them .
english test	PERSON had a English test in the morning . She was worried she would not do well . She stayed up all night studying . When she got to school the next day , she fell asleep at her desk . PERSON slept through her entire test .	PERSON has an English test tomorrow . He has not studied at all . He decided to pull an allnighter . Since he stayed up , he could barely keep his eyes open . He fell asleep during his test and failed .	Sue has an English test in the morning . She got sick and had to miss her test . She was upset because she had studied so much . Sue arranged a time with her teacher to make her test up . When she finally took her test , she passed it with flying colors .	PERSON has an English test tomorrow . He is not ready so he stayed up all night to study . When he got to class he fell asleep . PERSON had to ask the teacher for a retake . Luckily she agreed and PERSON made an A.	PERSON has an English test tomorrow . She has been studying all week . She decided to give studying a break tonight . When she got to school , she went blank on her test . She wished she had reviewed her notes .	PERSON has an English test tomorrow . He is not ready for it . He decided to pull an allnighter . When he got to class , he was exhausted . He slept through his test .	PERSON has an English test . He has been studying all week . On the day of the test , he became very nervous . PERSON forgot all he studied . He ended up making a terrible grade .	PERSON has an English test . He has not studied . He decided to pull an allnighter . When he got to school he was tired and nervous . He fell asleep during the test and failed .	PERSON has an English test tomorrow . She has studied all week . She felt prepared . When she got to class , she started to feel anxious . PERSON took her test and did well .
mall	We went to the mall to buy christmas presents . It was pretty crowded and the parking lot was nuts . We circled the lot trying to find a space . We eventually wanted one but someone wanted to fight us for it . We just let them have it and tried to find a new spot at the mall .	PERSON and PERSON went to the mall . The girls wanted to buy clothes . Their favorite store had a fifty percent off sale . The girls bought a lot of clothes . PERSON and PERSON happily loaded their bags into the car .	PERSON was going on a shopping trip . She drove to the mall with her friends . There , they shopped for hours . kay bought several new outfits . She had a great time on her shopping trip !	PERSON wanted to buy a denim jacket . He decided to go to the mall . He went to H&M first . He did not find anything there so he went to forever 21 . He found a nice denim jacket for $ 25 .	PERSON hung out with his friends sister . They all went to the mall They all walked around . Then they went to a burger place It was a fun time .	PERSON wanted to go to the mall with me one day . We did n't know this but it was a holiday , so it was very busy ! She looked around at clothes and we got a burger from a food place . She asked me if I wanted to look anywhere but I was n't interested . On our way home she told me that she bought a few shirts .	PERSON needed some new clothes . She decided to go to the mall . Hours went by before she was done shopping . At home , she looked at the charges on her credit card . She realized she needed to be more careful spending money .	PERSON enjoyed walking around his local mall . But he noticed that they were remodeling many old parts . After the remodeling was finished , most people liked the changes . But PERSON no longer felt the same connection with the mall . He no longer walked around the mall .	PERSON needed clothes for an interview . He went to the nearby mall . He found some clothes he liked . He bought them . He spent 100 on it .
allergic reaction	PERSON bought new make up . She liked how it looked and put a lot on . After a while it get really itchy and puffy . PERSON realized she was allergic to it . She had to wash it off immediately .	Harry went on a forest trip with his class . Harry played several activities with his classmates . His classmates dared him to touch a bee nest . Harry touched it . Harry was stung by many bees and had to go to the hospital .	PERSON was eating at a friend 's house . He had a seafood allergy . His friend did n't know about the allergy . The soup had seafood in it . PERSON got a mild allergic reaction .	PERSON was swinging herself on the swing set . A large bee bit her on the face . After a few minutes , her face became swollen . She went to her mom and ended up going to the clinic . She received medication to treat the condition .	PERSON was outside playing . All of a sudden she was stung by a bee . Her arm became very swollen and red . PERSON had to go to the hospital . She was having an allergic reaction to the bee sting .	PERSON was allergic to peanuts . He was at a birthday party . His friends did n't know about his allergy . They accidentally fed him food with peanuts in it . PERSON had an allergic reaction and almost died .	My family came into a restaurant . We ordered several items . Without asking for my permission , my mom ordered for me . Although I was mad , I ate the food . The peanuts inside of the good gave me an allergic reaction .	PERSON was allergic to peanuts . He was out eating at a restaurant . He asked them if there were any in his food . They told him there was n't but he still had an allergic reaction . PERSON is now suing them for medical costs .	PERSON bought chocolates from the store . He shared it between his friends . PERSON started to have breathing problems . He noticed that peanuts were inside of the chocolate bar . His friends had to take him to the hospital .
the job	PERSON was miserable at her job . Her boss was annoying and unreasonable . One day he was being especially unfair . PERSON had enough . She got up and walked out the door , never to return .	PERSON started working at a construction site right out of high school . He was very good at it , and the boss soon gave him a raise . One day , some protesters were on the edge of the site , holding signs . They were yelling because the company hired non-union workers . PERSON had a lot to think about when he got home that day .	PERSON saw a job posting for an advisor at a new company in town . PERSON knew he was n't qualified but he applied anyway . He received a phone call for an interview the following week . PERSON lied on his resume and was hired immediately . Due to the stress of not knowing what to do , he quit two days later .	Ally needed a job . She decided to apply to be a secretary . Ally got the job . A month later , she was sick of how boring it was . Ally quit her job and got another job that was less mundane .	PERSON moved for a new job . She thought she had found her dream job . Her bosses are now mean to her . She is ready to quit . She is now searching for a new job .	PERSON started her job on Monday . PERSON was working at a daycare . She was excited for her new job . She worked with many kids . She really liked her new job .	PERSON has the worst luck finding a job . He went to PERSON 's List and looked over the job listings . He came across a job lead managing the social media for a company . He used a Facebook fan page he made as an example of his work . PERSON landed the position and makes sixteen dollars per hour .	Today was the day PERSON began her new job . She was very nervous . On her first day , everyone was friendly . She liked her new coworkers . PERSON decided she loved her new job .	PERSON was about to start graduate school in a couple of months . She needed money but it was not enough time to get a job . However , PERSON found out that she could work online . She did it for several hours a day . By the time graduate school started , PERSON had some money saved .
dog training	I 've been training my dog to do tricks . I 've taught him a few so far . Last week I taught him how to play dead . It impressed all my friends . My dog was happy to get the treats and attention .	My dog Trixie is now 6 years old . When she was a young puppy , we had to take her to training . She was full of energy and very destructive . PERSON was able to complete both the puppy and advanced class . She is now the perfect therapy dog .	I was trying to teach my dog to roll over . I followed the instructions in a dog training book . My dog did n't seem to understand what I wanted . He started barking out of frustration . I accidentally taught my dog to bark on command .	PERSON 's girlfriend wanted them to get a pet dog . He made a deal that she would have to train it . After they bought the dog , she broke up with him and moved . PERSON was stuck with a dog he did n't know how to teach . But the dog ended up just what PERSON needed to get over the break-up .	PERSON got a new puppy . The puppy barked at people and was unfriendly . PERSON took the dog to a trainer . The trainer worked with the dog for two weeks . PERSON 's dog behaved wonderfully .	My friends got a new dog . It was really out of control . They took it to a behavior class . It was too rowdy and got kicked out . Now they do n't know what to do about it .	PERSON wanted to become a dog trainer . He decided to practice on his own dog . He taught her to jump over a hurdle . She learned to run up and down ramps . PERSON was very pleased with her progress .	I wanted to teach my dog to roll over . I bought some treats and set aside a weekend . I spent hours mimicking the action and moving the dog around . It was hopeless . In the end I only taught the dog to sort of spin in place .	PERSON was a little frustrated . He had been working all day with his dog . PERSON was trying to get his dog to sit . Finally after many hours he succeeded . He pet his dog and gave her a treat .
olympics	The opening ceremonies of the olympics went on . The teams competed the following weeks . Some teams one , some did n't . The closing ceremonies happened . The olympics were over .	I look forward to watching the Olympics every four years . I plan my day around my favorite events . I try not to miss any action . Watching the countries compete is exciting . I 've been watching the games all week .	PERSON loved running . Her dream was to be in the Olympics . She trained every day . In high school , she was on track and broke records for speed . When she was 21 she ran track in the Olympics and got a silver medal .	PERSON was watching the Olympics with her family . Her favorite event was gymnastics . On television , the gymnast did a variety of flips and jumps . PERSON was hypnotized by what she saw . She decided she wanted to be a gymnast as well .	My mom wanted to watch the Olympics with me recently . She told me what channel they were on and I switched to it . During the Olympics we cheered for our country ! We both really enjoyed it so we watched it the next day too . We ended up watching the Olympics every day they were on .	LOCATION made a bid for the Olympics . They promised to clean their city . They won the contract . They hired a good manager to oversee operations . The Olympics went smoothly .	We always loved the summer Olympics . We looked forward to it every four years . My wife loves all of the swimming events . I love all the track and field ones . We will be sad when it 's over .	My wife is watching the Olympics . Unfortunately some of the day 's events are in the afternoon . Thus , gold medals are sometimes already won by prime time . She asked her coworkers to not talk about the results during the day . Thus far , they have complied .	My wife watched the Olympics last night . She turned off the broadcast at midnight . She later found out a LOCATION gold medal ceremony was broadcast . She said she was upset at NBC for showing the broadcast so late . I said it was probably done for ratings .
PERSON 's test	PERSON had a test in the morning . He stayed up all night studying for the test . PERSON did n't get much sleep . He was tired in the morning . PERSON had trouble concentrating on the test .	PERSON had to study for a chemistry test . The test was twenty five percent of her grade . She stayed up all night to study for the test . She went to school the next day and took the test . She passed her test with an A.	PERSON went to the farmer 's market to get radishes . On his way to the radish stand , he was offered a free sample of cheese PERSON had never really liked cheese , but he took a chance and tried it He smiled as he swallowed it and actually enjoyed it PERSON decided to get cheese to eat with his radishes	PERSON found out about an arithmetic test he had tomorrow . He started panicking because he could n't do arithmetic . His mom noticed PERSON 's anxiety and calmed him down . She made PERSON study arithmetic for 30 minutes afterward . The next day PERSON aced his arithmetic .	PERSON set a goal to get a good grade on her test . She studied every day and asked her teacher questions . On the day of the test , PERSON overslept and nearly missed school . She ran and managed to make it in time to take the test . In the end , she got a good grade and achieved her goal !	PERSON wanted to become a lawyer . He studied day and night with the help of his friends . PERSON took the BAR exam , but he failed . PERSON was disappointed , so he studied harder and took the test again . PERSON passed the BAR and achieved his dream of becoming a lawyer .	PERSON had studied hard for his math exam . When the test was handed out he got nervous . PERSON started to second guess his answers . He handed in the exam knowing he had done poorly . PERSON score a D on the exam .	PERSON had a test in the morning . She studied hard the night before . When the test was handed out , she drew a deep breathe . She was happy to see she knew all the answers ! PERSON did great on the test .	PERSON is in college . PERSON has a big test tomorrow . PERSON is very nervous about the test . PERSON studied very hard . PERSON hopes to do well on the test .
the fight	PERSON was so angry . She called her friend and started to yell at her . The friend yelled back . They were both angry at what the other had said about them . They screamed for an hour and then PERSON slammed down the phone .	My wife and I got into an argument over dinner . She said I insulted her cooking abilities . I thought I was trying to be constructive . Either way I had to sleep on the couch . But I refuse to apologize for it having too much salt .	PERSON had a bad night . His girlfriend came home and started to fight with him . He tried to avoid it , but she would not stop . They fought for hours . He finally just left .	PERSON was at a bar over the weekend . There was a drunk annoying guy there . At the end of the night the guy bumped into PERSON . PERSON tried to let it go but the drunk guy started a fight . It was broken up by security almost immediately .	PERSON and PERSON had a fight at school during recess . They were sent to the principal 's office for their discipline . The two sat in the office and awaited their fate . The principal walked in and just stared at them , scaring them . Finally the principal gave them a week of suspension .	I always thought I was a good fighter , until I had one . I was in the seventh grade and PERSON was the class bully . In a game of football I knocked PERSON down . He stood up and then punched me in the eye . My eye swelled , turned black and I did n't have the courage to punch .	PERSON and her sister never got along . They got in a huge fight on Christmas . They each went home angry . PERSON swore she would n't see her sister anymore . She was mad that the fight had ruined Christmas .	PERSON and PERSON did n't like each other . The two boys got into a fight at school . The principal broke the fight up . Both boys were sent home that day . PERSON and PERSON had detention for a week .	The two boys met in the parking lot to have a fist fight . They started shoving each other . They shouted insults , too . Neither one of them could get the nerve to throw a punch . So , they both just ran home .
wine	PERSON had some wine every night after work . She did n't see it as a problem . Then one day she ran out . She panicked , and knew her reaction was n't normal . PERSON decided to cut down on her drinking right away .	PERSON was growing grapes in his backyard . He attempted to make wine with the grapes . He tasted it , but it was much too sweet . He cut the sugar and tried again . This time the wine turned out perfect .	PERSON was invited to dinner . She was told not to bring dessert . She wanted to bring something . So she went to the store and bought a bottle of wine . PERSON brought the wine with her to dinner .	PERSON liked to have wine with her dinner . Then she started having a few glasses while watching TV . Soon she saw that it was getting excessive . She made an effort to cut back her drinking . At first it was hard , but she succeeded .	Wine is PERSON 's favorite drink . She treated herself every Saturday . Until one Saturday she was too sad to drink . Her friend PERSON came over and cheered her up . They then went out for drinks .	PERSON was enjoying her first date with PERSON . They laughed and ate dinner . After dinner PERSON ordered a bottle of wine . PERSON had too much to drink and could barely stand up . PERSON did the right thing and drove her home safely .	I wanted to make some wine . Thus , I bought some grapes from the market . I fermented them for six weeks . Finally , I had made wine ! Alas , it tasted poor .	My brother and I often share wine with each other . He usually recommends white wine . However , one time he recommended red . It was a very poor choice . Now I do n't listen to any of my brother 's recommendations .	PERSON had never tried wine before . She went into her mom 's liquor cabinet and took a bottle . Then she sampled a few drinks . But she inadvertently got drunk ! PERSON 's mom caught her and grounded her for a month !
the hotel	The man was traveling on business . He checked into a hotel . He put his suitcase on the bed . Then he unpacked all his clothes . He realized he had forgotten his suits !	PERSON was vacationing in LOCATION . He booked a hotel located downtown . He flew into seattle and took a taxi to the hotel . But , the taxi got into a car accident . PERSON ended up in the hospital instead .	The PERSON family had a fire in their home one day . Everyone made it out of the house with no injuries . Their home needed a lot of work afterwards so they stayed at a hotel . For four weeks , they got to use a private pool and hot tub every day . When they went back home , they missed the hotel !	PERSON really loved old hotels . He had chosen this one to stay at tonight . It was a quaint old hotel . He arrived and unpacked his things . PERSON really enjoyed the old hotel that night .	We spent the night at a hotel last night . We were offered a free night in a promotion the hotel was having . I brought the kids with me . They had a big swimming pool . It was a nice little getaway .	PERSON and PERSON went to a fancy hotel . They wanted to celebrate their birthday at someplace magical . They ordered champagne and caviar . PERSON presented PERSON with a beautiful necklace . It was a special trip for a special couple !	One day , PERSON 's mother said they would be staying at a hotel . PERSON had never been to a hotel before . He was very excited . When they arrived , PERSON and his mother ordered room service . It was delicious !	We were staying in a hotel on our vacation . We were supposed to be leaving that day . Early in the morning , my Dad heard people knocking on the door . They were evacuating the hotel because of a fire . We got all our stuff together and checked out right then !	PERSON was on a trip . She checked into her beautiful hotel . It was five star and had a gorgeous pool . PERSON decided she would just lay by the pool all day . She loved traveling .
giving up	I did n't want to give up on the relationship . I did n't know what to do when she was so angry . She never called me anymore . So I told her we should end the friendship . She hung up , unperturbed .	I had a stroke in 2011 . I survived with hemiparesis . We visited friends in December of 2012 . My friend encouraged me to keep exercising to overcome hemiparesis . I told him I had given up , saddening my daughter .	PERSON finished her research paper . She sent it to her teacher and deleted the document after . A few minutes later , she got a reply from her teacher . He told her to re edit the document . Since she deleted it , she accepted an F for the grade .	PERSON always dreamed of being a professional wrestler . He practiced every chance he got . Unfortunately he got his girlfriend pregnant in high-school . PERSON was forced to get a job to support them . He kept watching professional wrestling on television .	PERSON was on a long hike . She had promised herself ice cream if she finished the hike . She tried pushing herself as far as possible . Still she soon felt worn out and wanted to give up . Considering the length left , she decided to bail and go home .	PERSON was playing football with his friends . They were losing badly . PERSON decided they should just give up . As tim 's team left , PERSON saw his little brother watching . PERSON decided to stay and play to set a better example .	PERSON wanted to be have the highest grade in class . He was poor and had a bad home life . Another student was rich and had tutors to help . PERSON tried to study as much as possible but it was n't enough . It was one of many times he had to give up his pursuits .	I wanted to give up on work this morning . Nothing seemed to be happening . I kept accepting work , but having to return it . I went and laid down on the bed for a minute . That 's when all the work started showing up at once .	PERSON bought a space heater from a store . But is smelled of chemical fumes . She thought the would go away . But two weeks later there were fumes every time she used it . PERSON decided she could no longer use the space heater .
sugar	PERSON has a sugar daddy . She went on dates and dinners with this man . Eventually , the man got deep feelings for her . She got so uncomfortable , because he was taking it too far . She broke it off and left him soon after .	PERSON put sugar in everything . He put it in his milk . He put it in his eggs . One day he got a bad tooth ache . From then on PERSON cut back on his usage of sugar .	PERSON could n't stand sugar . So when his niece threw a piece of cake in his face , he got mad . She told him it was a birthday tradition . But PERSON was already starting to breathe hard . And he had to go to the hospital as he really could n't stand sugar .	Smear was baking a cake for his sister . The next step required one cup of sugar . He opened the cupboard and reached for the bag of sugar . However , he slipped and stumbled across the kitchen floor . The bag of sugar opened and spilled everywhere .	PERSON wanted to improve his health . He read about many strategies online . He decided that quitting sugar would be the most beneficial . PERSON saw every aspect of his health improve after quitting sugar . PERSON was very happy with his decision and lifestyle .	The man spilled sugar . He did n't clean it up . Some ants found it . His wife found the ants . The wife yelled at the man .	PERSON has a sweet tooth . She loves everything with sugar . She decided to take a walk to the candy shop . While there she bought five pounds of candy . PERSON now has a cavity .	PERSON started feeling shaky whenever he ate dessert . He went to the doctor , and got a blood test . The doctor told him that he had type 2 diabetes . PERSON did n't want to take insulin , so he worked on diet and exercise . 12 months later , PERSON 's diabetes was managed entirely by diet .	PERSON wanted to eat a healthy breakfast . So he started to make oatmeal . But he began to get carried away . He added honey , brown sugar , strawberry , milk . And unfortunately , his breakfast was n't healthy anymore .
lonely	PERSON was constantly stressed out . But one day , someone approached him and talked to him . Immediately , PERSON felt more relaxed . And he realized that having more friends would help his stress . But PERSON struggled to hold conversations with others .	PERSON was eating alone in the cafeteria . He was lonely . He thought he would never make any friends . He then felt a tap on his shoulder . It was PERSON , who wanted to invite PERSON to eat with his friends .	I always ended up alone and lonely . I am easy to fall in love and easy so get hurt . There is this one guy who told me he loves me and show efforts for me . But when i fell in love with him too he just leave me . So i ended up loving him while he is in love with someone else .	She sat down on the stoop . She felt lonely and exhausted . She had done everything she could . She picked a flower and looked at it . She wanted to just start over .	PERSON was home all day since her parents were at work . She felt extremely cooking . Cooking or doing homework could n't distract her . Therefore , she called her friend . She came over to hang out with PERSON .	Today I had lunch alone . I tried to sit with people , but they left me . I was so sad . When I walked home from school I cried . Someone came up to me on the road and told me to not worry .	PERSON was lonely . She was n't any good at making friends . She went to the local pound . She found a bunch of affectionate . She brought two of them home .	PERSON was lonely . He had no friends . He decided to join a sports club to make friends . Alas , no one there wanted to be his friend . Thus , PERSON became depressed .	Roxy spends a lot of time alone . Even though she is married . She barely talks to her husband . She did n't think this was an issue . But she now realizes she is lonely .
late	I woke up one morning at 8:30 . I was going to be late for work ! I jumped out of bed and dressed quickly . I called my boss to let him know I would be late . He laughed and reminded me it was Saturday .	My friend said that I had to work overnight . I had just come into class late . I actually got a ticket . I had been pulled over . I was speeding .	PERSON has been opening the pet store for over a year . She usually got to work on time . One day she forgot to set her alarm at 4am . She had overslept . Her manager gave her a last warning .	PERSON got a job as a cashier . Her first day went great . But the next morning , PERSON arrived an hour late . Her boss fired her then and there . PERSON regretted coming in late .	PERSON was running late for work . She missed her train . She hopped in a cab only to find someone else was already in it ! The other passenger agreed to drop PERSON off first . PERSON was late , but the act of kindness made her smile .	I woke up one morning and realized my alarm had n't gone off . My heart started to pound at the thought of being late for work . I jumped out of bed and quickly dressed myself . I weaved in and out of traffic to make up time on the commute . When I arrived at work my boss had not even shown up yet .	PERSON woke up to find out she was late for class . She panicked and got ready as soon as she could . PERSON sprinted to class . Upon arriving , she saw that her classmates were arriving as well . PERSON realized that she had forgotten it was daylight savings time .	PERSON set her alarm clock , so she could go to work the next morning . The power went out that night . She did not wake up on time . PERSON received a phone call from her boss asking about her tardiness . She rushed to work over and hour late and behind on her work .	PERSON had been late getting to the principal 's office . In return he had kept her waiting for 30 minutes . She apologized for her selfishness . But it did n't matter . PERSON was given 4 days of lunch detention for her actions .
PERSON 's new shoes	PERSON ran around the track every day after school . She noticed her running shoes were getting worn out . PERSON decided to take a trip to the shoe store for new shoes . After some decision she bought new running shoes . PERSON tried out her new shoes at the track the next day !	PERSON went to the store with her mother . She needed new shoes to wear to school . PERSON tried on three pairs of shoes . The brown and teal cowboy boots were the most comfortable shoes . PERSON wore her cowboy boots to school the next day .	PERSON wanted to get a new pair of shoes . He asked his mother to take him shopping . His mother agreed . PERSON tried on at least twenty pairs of shoes . He finally selected a nice pair of athletic shoes .	PERSON 's sneakers are so old that they are beginning to rip . He loves his old sneakers but he knows it is time for a new pair . He looks at several stores but ca n't find exactly what he wants . Finally he finds the perfect new pair of sneakers . PERSON is so happy that he no longer wears ripped sneakers .	PERSON wanted to buy a new pair of shoes , but had no money . She asked her mother to buy them for her . Her mother said no , but she could do chores to earn the money . PERSON spent the weekend cleaning the house and the yard . PERSON earned enough money to buy the shoes she wanted .	PERSON needed new shoes . PERSON went to an Adidas store . He does n't like Adidas shoes . PERSON went to a Nike store . PERSON loves Nike shoes and bought three pairs !	PERSON ordered new shoes on the internet . She waited eight days for the shoes to arrive . On the eighth day , a package was delivered . PERSON eagerly opened the box . PERSON tried on her new shoes .	PERSON needed new shoes for a dance . The ones she had just did n't match her dress . She went to the shoe store in the mall and looked around . She found a pair that was purple , just like her dress . Everyone at the dance talked about how the shoes matched the dress .	PERSON really wanted stylish new shoes . He worked at his paper route to buy them . He did not waste his money on snacks and sodas . When he had enough for them , he went and got them . He wore them home with pride .
PERSON 's puppy	PERSON 's friend got a puppy for his birthday . PERSON had lots of fun playing with his friend 's new pet . PERSON decided to ask his parents if they would get him a puppy . He was upset when his parent 's told him they need time to decide . They decided to get PERSON a puppy for his birthday a month later .	PERSON went for a walk one afternoon like she always does . When she walked through the park , she was greeted by a puppy . She adored the puppy and the puppy adored her . She looked everywhere for the owner , but could n't find anyone around . PERSON took the puppy home and raised it to be a loyal companion .	PERSON bought a puppy for his wife , PERSON . She was n't pleased with the new gift . PERSON promised that he 'd help with its care . He proved true to his word by taking the dog outside for a walk . In the end , PERSON said they 'd keep the puppy .	PERSON wanted a puppy . She would go to the local shelters every week . She dreamt of this during school each day . Many of her friends had pets . Finally , for her 8th birthday , PERSON got the puppy she wanted !	PERSON got a new puppy that she loved very much . The puppy began chewing on everything when it was at home alone . One day PERSON came home to find that it had destroyed her couch . PERSON had to find a new home for the puppy . PERSON cried all night after giving her puppy away .	PERSON bought a new golden retriever puppy . His puppy had a lot of accidents in the house . PERSON had to go outside with him every 15 minutes . He worked very hard to train him . After a few weeks of training , he had no more accidents .	PERSON 's puppy was very sick . She took the puppy to the veterinarian . The veterinarian gave it medication . The puppy began to feel better . PERSON was very happy .	PERSON had a baby pomapoo puppy . She named her puppy Pookie because she liked how it sounded . PERSON 's hair was white with some tints of beige around her ears . They would often play together for hours at a time . At night , PERSON and PERSON would share a bed and fall asleep together .	PERSON was six years old . He asked his mother for a puppy . His mother said she would buy him one if he would take care of it . PERSON got his new puppy . PERSON was very happy .
guitar lessons	PERSON was looking for a way to make extra money in the summer . He was a teacher so he had summer 's free . He was very good at playing the guitar so he decided to give lessons . He advertised himself on Facebook and Twitter and got clients . He taught nine people to play the guitar and made a thousand dollars .	PERSON was very interested in guitar lessons . She looked online for studios or individuals offering classes . She weighed the options and decided to go with Falcetti Music . PERSON went through a few weeks of classes . Her skills are becoming better and better .	PERSON was interested in learning a new hobby . He decided to learn how to play the guitar . He immediately purchased a black guitar and hired an instructor . The instructor taught him all the basic chords . PERSON used them to learn to play his favorite song .	I 've always wanted to learn how to play the guitar . My dad gave me his old guitar but it just sits in my room . I asked a buddy of mine to give me private lessons . He spent all summer teaching me how to play . Now I 'm just as good as he is at playing !	PERSON does n't know how to play the guitar . She asked her dad to take her to guitar class . Her dad agreed and started taking her to guitar class . PERSON has been taking the class for over a year now . PERSON has become very good at playing the guitar .	I do not know how to play guitar . I signed up to take some lessons . After my first lesson , I realized I was not meant to play guitar . I sold the guitar to a friend . Tomorrow I will sign up for drum lessons .	PERSON was learning to play the guitar . His roommate saw his guitar in the corner . PERSON 's roommate was a pretty good guitar player . He offered to help PERSON play the guitar . PERSON 's roommate started giving him lessons .	PERSON wanted to learn guitar . He headed to the nearest music shop . PERSON asked some advice from one of the employees . He found the perfect guitar for himself . PERSON now takes guitar lessons three times a week .	PERSON wanted to learn how to play guitar to impress PERSON . PERSON saved up his money so he could take lessons . When he had enough money saved , PERSON scheduled some lessons . PERSON practiced really hard and now he knows how to play guitar . PERSON played his guitar for PERSON , and she was really impressed .
football	I went to my son 's high school football game . It was cold , windy , and raining . I bundled up , but could not stay warm . I could not wait for the game to end ! After the game , I rode home with the heat on full blast in the car .	PERSON had never been to a football game . Her boyfriend took her to one . She expected it to be boring , but as she watched , she grew interested . Soon she was yelling and cheering with the rest of the crowd . PERSON had a great time at her first football game !	PERSON wanted to play football . His parents said no . He decided to join without telling them . He broke his arm at the first game . His parents grounded him .	I was never very good at football growing up . I was very fast , but I could not catch very well . I practiced catching all the time . No matter what I did , I could n't get better at catching . Even though I was n't good at football I liked playing it .	PERSON wanted to play football . Even though she tried really hard , she was not very good at the sport . One day , she decided to ask a friend to teach her . She practiced hard for many weeks . Now , PERSON is an expert and the best football player on the team .	I was in the locker room waiting for the football game to start . Once the national anthem was over my team ran out onto the field . When the game started we scored first and led at halftime . The other team was able to tie the game in the third quarter . My team scored with five seconds left to win the game !	PERSON had broken his arm during summer football practice . It was his senior year and the game was in two weeks . He hoped to get his cast off so he could get a little time to play . Sure enough , he got his cast off three days before . He could n't be more excited to play in the big game .	The quarterback had to throw a good pass . He reared back his arm to throw . The ball slipped out . He tried to get it back . He got tackled beforehand .	PERSON was elated the Saints finally made it to the superbowl . PERSON gathered all his family to watch the game . They were all nervous and excited . They all cheered as the Saints closed out the game . PERSON and his family went downtown to celebrate .
stars	PERSON never went out at night . He thought there was nothing to see . When the sun went down , he went to sleep . One night he went outside . The beautiful stars made him fall in love with the night forever .	I went camping with my friend one night . I noticed how clear the sky was compared to the city . My friends pointed out a lot of constellations . I could n't see a lot of these in the city . I had a good time with my friends that night .	PERSON heard that there would be a meteor shower . She was excited to watch it ! She got out her blanket and Thermos and laid outside . As the night deepened , stars started flying . PERSON was awed by the strange celestial beauty !	PERSON loved going out at night . He loved to study the stars . One night , PERSON decided he was going to show PERSON stars . PERSON was unimpressed by PERSON that night . PERSON then broke up with PERSON because he was lame .	PERSON was watching the sky at night . He wanted to see how many constellations he could find . One night it was especially starry . PERSON laid out with his map and binoculars . That night , he found eleven constellations !	PERSON was looking at the stars . He thought they were beautiful . His dad told him that people get paid to watch stars . PERSON decided that he wanted that job . PERSON studied hard and became an astronomer .	PERSON loved gazing at the stars with her grandpa . It was a wonderful bonding time for the two of them . When she was ten , her grandfather became very ill . After a few months of illness , her grandfather passed away . PERSON missed him terribly , but always felt better while star gazing .	Last night we looked at the stars . My friend thought they were nice . I leaned over to her and said I like you . She said I like you too . Now we 're married .	PERSON likes to study astrology . PERSON volunteered to take children to a planetarium . The children learned a lot about stars and planets . PERSON felt herself being awed by the planetarium . PERSON felt proud introducing young minds to her passion .
lost	I wanted to lose weight . I started walking every morning . I took the dog with me for an excuse . We walked several blocks . Over time , I became more used to walking and less tired .	PERSON was driving to a new friend 's house . He got lost on the way . His phone was dead . He stopped by someone 's house and asked for directions . He made it safe .	PERSON lost her wedding ring . She thought it had slipped off while she washed dishes . She asked her husband to check the drain for her . He unscrewed the pipes and looked inside . Sure enough , there was PERSON 's ring !	PERSON and PERSON wanted to go the the mall . They both lacked driving experience , but PERSON drove them anyways . Eventually they realized they were extremely lost . They called their parents and they helped them to get home . PERSON 's parents bought her a GPS .	I was taking a long business trip one evening . I got terribly lost and my cell phone had died . It was dark and began to rain and I felt myself getting very anxious . I pulled into a gas station and asked for directions . In an hour I arrived safely at the hotel and fell asleep !	PERSON was hiking in the woods . Somehow she got separated from her friends . She was afraid , but she remembered her survival skills . She stayed put and waited for help . Luckily , PERSON 's friends found her soon after .	PERSON was on a hike one day . Suddenly , he realized he was lost ! He tried to stay calm and remember what to do . He stayed put so rescuers could find him . Thankfully , PERSON 's friends found him very soon .	PERSON lost her dog . She put up signs all over her neighborhood . Two weeks went b6 and someone called her about the dog . PERSON made arrangements to meet up with the caller . Carol finally was reunited with her furry friend .	One day I was innocently eating my food in McDonald 's . When I arrived home I had to book my trip out of the country . I was leaving the next day , and as I was booking I realized something . I had left my backpack with my passport and money in McDonald 's . I scurried over and thanks to God my backpack had been stored .
cartoons	In elementary school I drew cartoons with a friend . We met about once every two weeks . We talked about what kind of cartoons we wanted to make . We drew a few ideas . Then it was time for school to be over .	PERSON was watching TV at her friend PERSON 's house . PERSON 's grandparents let her watch what she wanted . The girls watched cartoons for hours . PERSON 's grandma came to bring her back home . PERSON was sad to leave since she never got to watch cartoons at home .	When I was a child , I liked cartoons . I would get up very early in the morning to watch cartoons . Every time , I would fall asleep before the end of the show . Eventually we got a VCR . Now I could record them and watch them whenever I wanted !	When me and my brother were younger we watched cartoons . Every weekend morning we woke up really early . We both really enjoyed the same cartoon so we watched that together . My mom was always unhappy with us , but it was okay . One day the cartoon stopped airing and we were both very sad .	PERSON was always interested in how cartoons were made . He signed up for animation classes at his local college . He learned how to program and animate cartoons . PERSON eventually hired several people to work on a cartoon with him . They made a fantastic cartoon that was put on TV .	PERSON was very tired . His mother did not want him to sleep yet . She decided to turn on cartoons for him . He watched his shows with excitement . When bedtime came , PERSON did not want to sleep .	At 7 Year 's old PERSON did n't like cartoons . He would rather watch Law and Order . He liked murder not talking animals . So he would watch crime shows all day . PERSON was a sociopath and killed his family at twelve .	PERSON at first felt that her baby should n't watch TV so early in life . Then her mom babysat her infant son , and PERSON caught a few glimpses . The modern TV programs were n't like she remembered . They were actually educational , teaching counting , ABCs and morals ! PERSON decided TV was good for her baby after all .	PERSON 's mother told her she could n't watch cartoons until she cleaned . PERSON hated cleaning . She worked very slow because she hated it so much . By the time she was done , the cartoons were no longer playing . PERSON learned to try harder when cleaning next time .
stitches	Mom always used to stitch up my teddy bear . When I was little and I ripped it she would patch it up . She 's not here to do that for me anymore , though . So instead I began to patch up my little bear . Today again I run the needle through and stitch .	Kia fell on the playground and cut her arm . She had to be taken to the hospital . There , the doctor said she needed stitches ! Kia was terrified at first , but then the nurse calmed her . When she was calm , she was able to relax and distract herself .	Nic fell and cut his cheek . He was unhappy about the stitches in his face . He thought he 'd have a bad scar . But the stitches came out and Nic was surprised . His wound had faded so much , the scar was n't noticeable !	PERSON loved riding her bike , and did it everyday . Her mother always told her to wear a helmet . She did while her mom was looking , but often took it off . One day her bike skidded sideways , and PERSON cut her forehead . She regretted not listening when she had to get five stitches .	PERSON went for a walk on the beach . She stepped on a sharp rock . Her foot started to bleed . Soon she was rushed to the emergency room . PERSON got seven stitches in her foot .	PERSON fell off her bike . She scraped her leg open badly . The doctor had to give her eleven stitches ! Afterward , PERSON 's parents said she had been very brave . She had not cried at all !	When I was younger , I was standing on a platform . I hopped down , but my foot got stuck . I thought it had bruised , but I looked and realized I had been cut . I had to go to the hospital to get stitches . There is still a scar where the stitches were .	PERSON and PERSON were in the second grade . One day they decided to play golf in the backyard . PERSON accidentally hit PERSON in the head with the club . PERSON 's head started bleeding everywhere . His mom took him to the hospital where a doctor gave him stitches .	PERSON was roller skating one day . Suddenly she tripped on a rock . She pitched forward and landed on her leg . A huge gash opened on her knee ! PERSON had to rush to the hospital for stitches .
drunk driving	PERSON never really drank . One night his friends convinced him to at the club . Before he knew it he had drank too much . PERSON lost decision making abilities and drove home drunk . He got into an accident and was severely injured .	Frank was drunk and driving and was caught by the police . PERSON license was suspended . He had to take DUI classes . He finished it and finally got his license back . Frank no longer drinks and drives .	One day , PERSON decided to have a drink . It was very late at night . Nobody could drive her home . She decided to drive home herself . She woke up crashed in her front yard .	The two teenagers used a fake ID to buy a case of beer . They drove around all day drinking the beer . They sped around a bend and lost control . The car crashed head-on into a hillside . They were taken to a hospital and luckily survived .	PERSON left the bar one night , tipsy and tired . He was pulled over on his way home , for speeding . The cop breathalyzed PERSON and then arrested him . PERSON had to call his family for bail in the morning . He was humiliated and dejected .	PERSON got drunk at the Christmas party . He decided to drive home under the influence of alcohol . Sure enough , he was stopped by the police . They police arrested PERSON and sent him to jail . PERSON had to pay a fine and realize he should not drink and drive .	The bartender threw out the man . The man was too drunk to drive . The man got in a wreck . He sued the bar for kicking him out . He won a lot of money .	PERSON went out with some friends . He drank a lot of beers and shots while he was out . When they were leaving his friend asked him to drive . PERSON drove straight into the capitol building . He was arrested for drunk driving .	Peter just walked out of the party . He started his car and started to drive . Since he was dizzy , his car swayed back and forth . Eventually , he ran into another driver . The driver called the cops to report the case .
the marathon	PERSON was out of shape . His friends convinced him to join a marathon . It was for a good cause . PERSON refused to train and could n't finish . He was embarrassed and lost friends .	PERSON was playing Mortal Kombat against his parents wishes . He usually only played the game late at night while the slept . One day his friend PERSON came over and wanted to play . They played the game quietly to avoid being caught . They quickly pretended to be reading when PERSON 's mom came in the room	PERSON was training to enter a marathon . He jogged everyday at the local park . PERSON began to start watching his diet . PERSON was in his best shape ever on the day of the marathon . PERSON was in the top twenty finishers of the race .	PERSON wanted to win the marathon . He trained hard for many months . Then came the day of the race and he was ready . He made it halfway and began to tire but he slowed down to recover . After he recovered he was able to finish with a person best time .	PERSON was training for a marathon . He got up every morning and ran . Each morning he added extra time to his run . He did strength training too . On the day of the race , he finished in record time .	PERSON trained hard for a marathon . She jogged every day . ON the day of the marathon she was excited . She did n't win but placed higher than expected . This motivated her to try another one .	My sister told me about a breast cancer awareness marathon . I was interested so I listened to her talk about it . After a short time , me and her decided on signing up together . Race day came , and we took off to our vehicles and met up . As we exited , we saw all the runners and could n't wait to join in .	I have been training for a marathon . I am ready for the big race . I tie my shoes and start the run . I try to keep a good pace . I am so proud when I cross that finish line .	PERSON practiced hard for the marathon . When the day came he was very prepared . He actually finished it before anybody else . It was n't until days later that he found out he cheated . He had taken a shortcut without knowing it .
dishes	Ivy hated washing dishes , but it was her turn to do them . She offered her roommate $ 5 to wash them . Ivy 's roommate considered , then accepted . Ivy paid the roommate $ 5 . Then she sat back happily and watched her friend wash the dishes !	PERSON had the day off from work . His wife asked him to do the dishes while he was home . PERSON forgot . There were no clean plates for dinner . PERSON had to eat off a napkin .	PERSON hated doing dishes . She let them pile up all week . Finally the sink was totally full . PERSON sighed and washed all of them . She felt very relieved after she finished !	I knew we were running low on dishes . My children had broken so many in such a short period . My mother asked what I wanted for Christmas . I told her I wanted new dishes . She gave me a box filled with bright red porcelain plates that year .	The man did the dishes . He put the dishes away . His wife got out a plate . The plate was dirty to her . The wife re-washed all of the dishes .	I was doing dishes yesterday . I smashed a small bowl that belonged to my roommate . I felt very bad about it and apologized . She pretended to be mad , but then she laughed . She had tricked me !	Carol never liked to wash the dishes . Her apartment was too small for a dishwasher . So when she moved she wanted a dishwasher . She picked out the one with the best reviews . So when she moved that was her first purchase .	A couple of weeks ago I got sick . At the same time my husband started working 6-day weeks . The dishes just piled up and piled up . Now I 'm feeling better and his hours are fewer . But the kitchen is so scary we do n't have the will to catch up .	It was PERSON 's turn to do the dishes . PERSON did n't want to do them . She bribed her little brother with some candy . He broke several dishes while washing them . Their parents blamed PERSON and she was very ashamed .
the shoes	PERSON wanted to make herself some shoes to wear . She gathered some tape and some cardboard . As she was taping the shoes together , she thought they looked good . She wore the shoes every day until they wore out . When they broke , she could n't have been more upset .	PERSON loved shopping and usually spent too much money . She found a great pair of shoes . She took them to the register and swiped her card . It was declined . PERSON was so bummed that she had to put the shoes back .	PERSON wanted a new pair of shoes . She begged her Grandma to buy the shoes . Her grandma said not today . PERSON gave her a wide-eyed look . Her grandma gave in and bought the shoes .	PERSON was a runner . He had a great pair of running shoes . He had worn them in perfectly . He flew to a race and got so upset . The airline had lost his shoes !	PERSON and her grandma went to the mall . PERSON had only tennis shoes and it was too hot to wear them . PERSON tried on lots of sandals but saw none she liked . After an hour her grandma was tired and picked the shoes for her . PERSON rode home in silence upset she did n't get to pick her own shoes .	PERSON bought the last pair of PERSON PERSON at the local shoe store . PERSON , wanting a pair for herself , asked PERSON where she bought them . PERSON told her there were n't anymore , she got the last pair . PERSON offered PERSON double what she paid for the shoes , but PERSON said no . On her way home , PERSON was mugged of her shoes by a masked person .	PERSON was buying a pair of shoes for her daughter . Her daughter was n't with her . PERSON bought the size of shoes she thought would fit . The shoes did n't fit her daughter . PERSON had to return her shoes to the store .	PERSON liked a pair of shoes at the shop . He did n't have any money to buy them . He had to figure out how to get some money and quickly . It was summer so he decided to mow lawns everyday after school . By the end of the week PERSON was able to buy the shoes .	PERSON was at the mall . He bought a new pair of shoes . He put them on once he got home . He paraded around in front of his friends . They all loved his new shoes .
hunger	There once was a man from peru He dreamed he was eating his sandals He woke up in the middle of the night He then found out he was trying to eat his shoes in his sleep The man never went to bed hungry again	PERSON thought she was hungry . So she decided to cook a large meal for herself . She became engrossed in cooking . And she forgot all about her hunger . But PERSON had no choice but to eat the large meal .	PERSON was very hungry . He left class early to get some food . He found a vending machine . He put in a dollar . He got the food he wanted !	Today I was so busy at work that I forgot to eat anything . I ran around all day , completed tasks and attended appointments . At the end of the day I noticed I had a headache and felt sluggish . I remembered that I had n't eaten and made myself a snack . After I ate the snack I felt much better and regained my energy .	PERSON liked sports . But he hated stretching . His coach warned him about not stretching before playing . PERSON ignored his coach . He strained a muscle while playing .	I was very hungry . However , I did n't want to cook as I had just cleaned my kitchen . So , I drove around looking for somewhere to eat . I decided to go through a drive through . After eating my food I felt much better .	PERSON was hungry . He checked the fridge . The fridge was empty . PERSON went to the store . He came home with lots of food .	PERSON was hungry . Sadly , his refrigerator and pantry were empty . His wallet was empty too . He called his parents to beg for cash . His parents gave him some .	PERSON had n't eaten since noon . She was upset about something that happened with a boy . It was midnight , and she was now hungry . She stood in the fridge looking for something to eat . She sat in the dark eating cold leftover chicken .
PERSON 's dog	PERSON loved to play with his dog . He would always go to the park with her . One day he lost his dog at the park ! He finally found her behind a tree with a litter of puppies ! PERSON 's dog was a new mother !	PERSON 's little dog was prone to having seizures regularly . So PERSON gave the dog medicine two times a day . One day she could not get the dog to eat anything including medicine . She tried everything and began to worry . She did not have to worry when the dog ate medicine with cheese .	One day PERSON 's dog ran away . PERSON searched for his dog all over town . After searching all day he found nothing and went home sad . He then received a call saying someone saw his dog at the park . He went and after a long search PERSON found his dog in the bushes !	PERSON adopted a dog from the pound one day . He brought the dog home and fed it . He played with the dog and showed it a dog bed . He gave it a bone for a treat . The dog fell asleep , and PERSON went to bed .	PERSON was giving his dog a bath . He noticed there were sores on his dog 's belly . Ollie dried off the dog . He applied an ointment to the sores . The dog 's sores got better .	PERSON had a german Shepherd he had adopted . He loved to take the dog for walks . Every day the dog would get frantic at a certain spot in the park . One day he got loose and when PERSON found him , there were bones ! It turns out the dog was a retired corpse sniffing dog .	PERSON wanted to buy a new dog . He drove to his local pet store . All the dogs were very expensive . PERSON could not find a dog he could afford . PERSON decided that he should not buy a dog .	PERSON had always wanted a dog . She researched many kinds of breeds . PERSON found a dog she wanted at a shelter . PERSON met the dog and fell in love with him . She took the dog home that very day .	PERSON took his dog to the vet . The vet told PERSON that his dog had gum disease . The vet cleaned the dog 's teeth and gums while PERSON waited . PERSON was glad that the vet could take care of his dog . PERSON decided to take his dog to the vet regularly .
fishing	PERSON went on a fishing trip with his daughter . They went on a boat in a lake . They cast their reels into the water . PERSON felt something tug at his fishing rod . He reeled the big fish in and took a picture of it with his daughter .	I have been fishing since I was five years old . One time I caught a monster snook off the side of the bridge . While trying to reel in , it broke the line . I should have used a net , and taken my time to reel in . I love to fish , but I love to catch more .	It was going to be the boy 's first time fishing . He put his rod and reel in his dad 's truck and climbed in . His dad drove them down to the river . His dad showed him how to cast his line . He had a great day with his father .	Thorn was rowing his boat on a lake . He dipped his pole into the water . He felt a tug on his hook . He pulled up a large sturgeon . Thorn felt bad and let the fish back into the water .	PERSON likes to go fishing for catfish on the lake banks . One night after a storm , he went fishing alone . A huge fish got on the line ! PERSON fought with it for over an hour . That fish was the biggest fish he ever caught !	PERSON had planned to go fishing this weekend alone . By mistake he mentioned his plans to a friend . This friend wanted to tag along with PERSON on the fishing trip . PERSON agreed and this friend told another friend about the trip . PERSON ended up with two extra fishing buddies that he had n't planned .	PERSON has never fished before . He asked his friend to teach him . PERSON eventually got the hang of it . They spent all Saturday on his friend 's boat fishing . They caught all sorts of fish to bring home !	PERSON loves to fish . He takes his friends and family fishing with him . He wants to be able to go fishing more often . He decides to buy a boat to fish off of . PERSON now goes fishing every weekend .	PERSON wanted to go fishing with his friends . He 'd never been fishing before . PERSON and his friends drove to the lake early on saturday . PERSON 's friends let him borrow their fishing equipment . PERSON caught the biggest fish of the day .
smoker	PERSON had smoked since she was a teen . Then one day her little daughter PERSON approached her . PERSON begged her mommy to quit smoking . PERSON was so touched by PERSON 's plea . She vowed to start chewing nicotine gum that very same day .	I used to smoke a pack of cigarettes a day . I had tried many times to quit smoking . Finally , I was able to quit smoking by switching to e-cigarettes . Then I read that e-cigarettes are harmful to my health , too . Now I am trying to quit using e-cigarettes .	PERSON had smoked cigarettes for years . He tried to quit but failed . He could n't even stop when his wife begged him . Then his baby daughter PERSON was born . From that day on , PERSON never touched another cigarette !	My son was seventeen years old . One day , I smelled something in his room . I opened the door and found him smoking . I scolded him and educated him on smoking . My son learned his lesson and never smoked again .	A man sat in the corner of a dark room . He slowed pulled on a cigarette watching everyone . Suddenly he stood up , yelled , and pointed . Three men grabbed another who had just walked in . The man went back to smoking his cigarette .	PERSON vowed to quit smoking cigarettes . He started chewing nicotine gum and wearing patches . He stuck to his plan for over a week . But then his cravings became too strong to resist . PERSON sadly went back to smoking cigarettes .	My daughter 's college friend PERSON smoked a lot . PERSON 's sister PERSON got married shortly after graduation . A year later PERSON had a baby . PERSON told PERSON she could not see the baby if she smoked . PERSON gave up smoking .	PERSON wanted to quit smoking - he smoked a whole pack a day ! He decided to cut down slowly , one cigarette per day . He tapered down very , very gradually to minimize withdrawal . Soon he was almost nicotine-free , and he was so proud . He kept with his program until he was a non-smoker !	PERSON is a smoker . She smokes a pack of cigarettes a day . PERSON has started to feel sick . The doctor told her smoking will give her health problems . She decided to never smoke again .
training	PERSON was a high school basketball player . PERSON wanted to play in college . PERSON knew he was not great enough to earn a scholarship . PERSON 's cousin was on a football scholarship in college . PERSON 's cousin introduced PERSON to a college basketball coach .	PERSON was a new employee at a company . He was required to go through a training period . Part of the training including listening to a reading of policies . He found them very boring . He yawned and fell asleep during the training class .	PERSON started a new job . He was very excited about his job . He had to attend training for two weeks . PERSON fell asleep during training . PERSON was fired .	PERSON decided to run a triathlon . He had to buy a special new bicycle . The hardest part of training was the swimming . On race day he was very nervous . The race was very difficult but he felt a great sense of achievement .	PERSON wanted to be on his school 's basketball team . So PERSON asked his mother to buy him a basketball court . PERSON practiced playing basketball everyday that summer . When school started , PERSON tried out for the team . PERSON was the best player on the school 's basketball team .	Brad fell during practice . It took him a while to recover . He needed physical therapy . He was finally cleared to play again . He was happy to play again .	PERSON got a new puppy and wanted to train him . He signed him and his dog up for obedience classes . The first day of class was very hard for PERSON and his dog . However , they kept going to class and working hard . Soon PERSON was happy to see that his dog was the best in the class .	Last month I ran a marathon . I trained for months and months before it . I ate a special diet and ran on a special schedule . I am really glad I trained . I ran a great marathon and had a great time .	PERSON wanted her dog to play Frisbee with her . She started training him to fetch . He did great with a stick . Then she moved on to tossing the Frisbee . To her joy , her dog learned quickly and became adept !
the test	PERSON hated studying for math class . PERSON 's math scores were low enough to prevent her from graduating . PERSON 's friend PERSON invited her to study math together . PERSON loved math and tutored PERSON . PERSON passed her math class and was able to graduate thanks to PERSON !	PERSON was taking high school Algebra . The teacher announced that there would be a test on Friday . PERSON studied the material every afternoon . On Friday , PERSON took the test . PERSON made an A on the test .	PERSON was nervous for her test . She had stayed up all night studying . While answering the essay question she fell asleep . The bell rang and she was nowhere near finished . PERSON failed her test .	A professor gave a test so hard that even he would fail it . The students created very elaborate ways to cheat to pass this . The professor used this test to fail everyone in the class . The next day there was only one student left in the class . The professor commended the student on being the best cheater .	PERSON has an important exam on Tuesday . He has not prepared for it at all . He studies all weekend and loses sleep . He has overslept by thirty minutes and is late for class . He finally arrives and learns the test was postponed until Monday .	PERSON has a big exam in the morning . He has been studying all week . He got to class . The teacher gave a few minute to review . PERSON made a 100 .	PERSON was scared . She had n't prepared much for the test . She was concerned about her grade . She took the test . She found out she passed the test .	I had studied and was ready to take the test . Armed with my number 2 pencil I walked confidently into the classroom . After the teacher passed out the standardized tests he said to begin . I carefully read each question and problem and filled out the bubbles . I finished before anyone and I know I did really well .	PERSON was a teacher . She was giving out a test . PERSON heard two of her students whispering to each other . PERSON picked up the two tests . She gave the students zeros on the exam .
the amusement park	PERSON and her family were anxious to get in the gate . They had just arrived at the big amusement park . PERSON loved riding roller coasters and so did her father . They spent all that day riding all the rides , some multiple times . PERSON would remember that day for a very long time .	The couple went to the amusement park . There were a lot of rides to ride . The couple went all around the park . The couple had a good time . The couple was going to go back to the park .	The kids were excited for their vacation . They would be going to an amusement park ! They were determined to ride every ride . On the morning they were going to leave , they missed their flight . The trip would have to wait for another time .	The family was headed on an adventure . They were going to the amusement park ! They 'd never ridden roller coasters before . They stood in line for an hour for the new ride . At the last second , they chickened out !	PERSON and her friend really wanted to go to an amusement park . The park they chose to go to was one that they grew up going to . When they got there , they quickly realized something . Now that they were older , the park was not as fun . PERSON and her friend laughed as they realized the park was for kids .	PERSON 's father said he had a big surprise . PERSON and her family got in the car , and drove a long time . Penny fell asleep in the back seat . When she woke up , they were pulling into an amusement park . PERSON loved the surprise .	PERSON loved roller coasters . She went to a local amusement park . She went on every ride several times . She rode until she felt sick . When it was time to go home , PERSON was exhausted .	The family was taking a trip . They were going to the amusement park that had just opened in town . They rode all the rides . They also ate some great snacks . It was a fun day as a family .	The family took a vacation . Usually they go to their mountain home . This time they decided to go to an amusement park . They rode every ride . They all had a blast .
