the shower	PERSON 's friends threw her a bridal shower . They decorated the room with cute decorations . They played silly games . The guests all brought gifts . It was a great time celebrating the future bride !	PERSON had been hiking all day . She went home to take a shower . She could n't wait to get all the dirt off of her . She turned the knob but nothing happened . The water had been shut off !	PERSON was hosting a baby shower at her home . She mailed out cards to the guests . PERSON planned party games to play . She decorated her home for the party . PERSON went to the store to pick up a cake .	PERSON was at his family 's house for winter break . One day , he needed to go the bathroom so he walked down the hall . He got to the bathroom door and opened it . Suddenly , he heard a loud scream and saw his sister was in the shower . PERSON quickly apologized and closed the bathroom door .	PERSON went for a long run . He was sweaty and exhausted . He hopped in the shower to get rinsed off . He felt so much better ! The shower had refreshed him .
guitar lessons	PERSON was learning to play the guitar . His roommate saw his guitar in the corner . PERSON 's roommate was a pretty good guitar player . He offered to help PERSON play the guitar . PERSON 's roommate started giving him lessons .	PERSON does n't know how to play the guitar . She asked her dad to take her to guitar class . Her dad agreed and started taking her to guitar class . PERSON has been taking the class for over a year now . PERSON has become very good at playing the guitar .	It was PERSON 's first guitar lesson . He was nervous because he had never played guitar before . The teacher gave him chord progressions to practice . He spent the next week practicing the progressions . Going into his next lesson , PERSON was much less nervous .	PERSON was looking for a way to make extra money in the summer . He was a teacher so he had summer 's free . He was very good at playing the guitar so he decided to give lessons . He advertised himself on Facebook and Twitter and got clients . He taught nine people to play the guitar and made a thousand dollars .	PERSON wanted to learn guitar . He headed to the nearest music shop . PERSON asked some advice from one of the employees . He found the perfect guitar for himself . PERSON now takes guitar lessons three times a week .
new dog	The kids had been wanting a dog . They begged and begged their parents . One day their parents took them to look at puppies . They all fell in love with a black and white puppy . They decided to adopt it into the family .	PERSON wanted a dog . He had asked his mother and father for one and they said yes . PERSON went to the animal shelter to look for a dog . He found a cute new puppy and took the dog home . PERSON named the dog Rufus .	Colt wanted a puppy . His grandma told him he could have one . The day they picked out there puppy it jumped up and bit Colt . Colt now is terrified of dogs but does n't want to get rid of it . His grandma is now raising a puppy he does n't even want .	A friend of mine just broke up . She had been seeing a man for ten years . Now she is very lonely . Last week she bought a beagle puppy . I said the puppy will be more loyal than a human .	The PERSON family had been looking for a dog . They went to the shelter every few weeks to find the perfect dog . One weekend they finally found it . They adopted a sweet black and white dog . They were excited to have new addition to their family .
prom dress	PERSON was excited for prom . She could not wait to buy her dress . She and her mom went shopping at many different places . PERSON finally picked out the perfect dress to wow everyone . Everyone complimented her and she felt like a princess .	PERSON was excited about going to prom . She needed a dress . Her mom did not have enough money to buy a new prom dress . She decided to make PERSON a dress . They found the perfect material and made PERSON a beautiful dress .	PERSON was excited that PERSON asked her to the prom . PERSON said yes but realized that she would need to get a dress . PERSON and her friends went to a dress shop downtown . PERSON tried on several different dresses until she found the one . PERSON purchased the dress to wear to the prom with PERSON .	PERSON could n't afford to buy a dress for the prom . She was a good seamstress so she made one . She was afraid the other girls would make fun of her . But her dress was a huge hit ! She actually got orders to make some for the following year .	PERSON did n't have much money for a prom dress . She found one at a thrift store that was three sizes too big . So she borrowed her grandma 's sewing machine . She altered the dress until it fit perfectly . Everyone at the prom thought she looked great .
the goal	PERSON ran down the field . He saw his teammate had the ball . He waved his hand at him to get his attention . His teammate passed the ball to him . PERSON took aim and shot , scoring a great goal .	Will was a good soccer player . He had scored a goal in every game he 'd ever played in . One game , he had n't scored with just a minute to go . He ran down the field , determined to score . He kicked it hard and it went in !	PERSON was working hard . She had a goal to reach . Each hour , she inched closer . When she finally reached it , she celebrated . The goal had been very important to her .	PERSON was playing hockey with some friends . Suddenly , one of his blades came off his shoe . PERSON tumbled and scraped his face against the ice . He got up , all bloodied and bruised . He saw the puck right in front of him , and shot it into the goal .	PERSON had spent all season playing defense on his soccer team . One thing PERSON really wanted to do was score his first goal . In his last game , PERSON begged the coach to play him at forward . Because the team was up 4-0 , the coach let PERSON play forward . PERSON took full advantage of his chance and scored his first goal .
hunter	PERSON bought his son CJ a hunting rifle for his eighteenth birthday . They lived in the country , but still PERSON 's wife was apprehensive . Then PERSON took CJ out and began teaching him how to aim and shoot . Soon CJ brought home venison for dinner ! PERSON 's wife admitted she was proud of her son .	PERSON kept a pet deer in her barn . The deer kept growing bigger and bigger . PERSON knew she would have to let it free . She took the deer into the woods and let it go . Suddenly she heard a shot and the deer fell to the ground .	PERSON is walking through a forest with her little brother . They hear two gunshots ring in the distance . She grabs him and they rush behind a tree . Nearly an hour later , a hunter approaches them . He apologizes for scaring them and takes them home .	PERSON loved to hunt . It was his favorite way to pass time . He had killed all types of animals . PERSON 's living room was full of taxidermy . He was very proud of his hunting skills .	PERSON 's dad and uncle woke him up early . They dragged him out to the truck . They drove PERSON out into the deep woods at around sunrise . They gave PERSON a rifle . PERSON hunted , shooting a deer , for the very first time that day .
house fire	PERSON was cooking something on her stove . She stepped away from the pan to use the bathroom . While she was n't watching , the pan burst into flames ! The whole house was consumed by fire . PERSON barely made it out alive .	PERSON fell asleep with the stove on . It started a fire . PERSON was barely able to wake up in time . He tried getting as much as he could . Everything else burned down .	PERSON was woken up by the sound of his fire alarm . PERSON ran to the kitchen to see it was engulfed in flames . PERSON grabbed his wallet and keys , and ran out the house . PERSON watched as his house was literally on fire . PERSON was sad , yet thankful he had escaped the fire .	The PERSON family fireplace got out of control one day . Everyone evacuated . The fire truck came and sprayed water onto the house . Most of their things could be salvaged . They were able to move back in again .	PERSON had just bought a new house for his family . He noticed smoke coming from his neighborhood . When he drove up his house was on fire . His family made it out safe . Unfortunately the house was destroyed .
the drive	PERSON a depressed man who enjoyed to drive around every day . He would often drive too far away places just for the sake of driving . One day while driving he was pulled over by the police for speeding . They arrested him because they found out he was an illegal alien . They deported him to LOCATION where he is now more depressed than ever .	PERSON was driving to work after a big snowstorm . Suddenly , she slid on ice . The car stopped right before hitting a tree . PERSON slid three more times on the way to work . She decided she was going to buy a new car that was better in snow .	PERSON was driving home from work . She absentmindedly looked out her window . She saw her coworker driving next to her . PERSON honked her horn to catch her coworker 's attention . PERSON 's coworker noticed her and waved happily .	PERSON 's dad was driving her to school out of state . They were 4 hours into a 9 hour drive and she was bored . Her dad insisted on listening to his music loudly . PERSON could n't hear her music because his was so loud . PERSON stared out the window dreading the last 5 hours .	PERSON walked up to the tee box . It was his turn to hit the ball . He approached the ball and set up . He let loose an almighty swing . He drove the ball perfect , right down the fairway .
the church	The church in town had a bad reputation . People called it a cult . They swore that they were not . When PERSON tried to leave , they said they would burn down his house . PERSON realized the rumors were true .	I worked in a church for a while as a youth minister . The kids loved me , though they were a bit quiet and shy . We did things all summer , and had a fantastic time . Though , their parents did n't trust me because of my age . They had me fired , and I had to say goodbye to their kids .	PERSON was new in town . He visited a local church . THe pastor greeted him immediately . He really like the music and the classes . PERSON decided this would be his new church home .	An old English church was falling into disrepair . The vicar held a fair to raise money to fix it . He had games , and rides for the locals to enjoy . Many people came to the fair and had great fun ! The vicar raised enough money to restore the whole church .	The family always went to church together . One week , they sat in the back pew . When the service was almost over , they snuck out . It was easy to get out of the parking lot quickly that way . They decided to sit there every week after that .
missing homework	PERSON knew she left her math homework on the table . However , when she went to put it in her backpack it was n't there . She looked all over for it . Then she saw her black PERSON PERSON with some papers in her mouth . It was PERSON 's math homework .	My son does his homework every night . He always puts his completed homework in his folder . Yesterday , it was not in his folder when he arrived in class . We looked everywhere and finally found it in his sister 's folder . He colored the front of his folder to prevent future mix ups .	PERSON left his homework on the kitchen table so he would n't forget it . But in the morning it was missing . He looked all over , afraid he was going to be late for school . He finally found scraps of paper in the dog 's bed . The teacher was never going to believe him !	PERSON spent hours writing his English essay that was due the next day . After dinner he went back to his room to finish it . He found a pile of wet and shredded paper on the floor near his dog . PERSON had to tell his teacher that the dog ate his homework . PERSON was usually a very good student so his teacher believed him .	PERSON could n't find her homework anywhere . She asked her sister about it . Her sister asked if she had looked in the stack of library books . The homework was there . PERSON declared her sister was psychic .
losing weight	PERSON wanted to lose weight . She was eating healthy and had lost ten pounds . She decided to start working out , too . She was determined to be in shape before summer . She had a goal in sight !	PERSON was 20 pounds overweight . She hated to workout or participate in any kind of exercise . She did n't want to give up the foods she loved . A friend suggested that she just cut down on 25 % of the food she eats . She followed this advice and has already lost 5 pounds .	PERSON made a new year 's resolution to lose weight . This was the fourth time he had done so . PERSON was sure he would stick to it this time . He went to the gym for about a month . After that he just went back to his old routines .	PERSON was told he was fat last summer . It motivated him to work out . He worked out for a year . He saw that same person . PERSON was told he lost weight .	Frank wanted to get buff . So he got some weights . He started to work out . He worked out for months . Frank got buff .
PERSON wins	PERSON was going to make a bet . He was going to make it a big one . He decided he needed to take on a challenge . He bet all of his money on this race . The day of the race comes and PERSON wins it all !	PERSON is in a talent contest . PERSON sings for the crowd . The crowd loves his singing . The judges all vote . PERSON wins the talent show .	PERSON was playing a game of cards . He had bet all of his money on this hand . PERSON was sweating nervously . PERSON revealed his hand . PERSON won the game .	PERSON was going to enter a contest . He had a cool new invention to show the world . PERSON entered the contest . The contest winners were announced . PERSON won first place for his cool new invention .	PERSON was in his championship basketball game The game was tied at 80 PERSON 's team called a timeout to discuss the play 5 seconds left in the game PERSON gets the ball shoots and it goes in !
PERSON	My friend is a heavy drinker . He is also lazy . I told him PERSON delivers to the door . He checked and found they do not go to his town . He was very disappointed .	PERSON stole a wallet at a party on Friday . He took all of the cash and threw the wallet in the trash . PERSON was questioned by the host of the party about the wallet . PERSON lied and said he did n't see anyone take it . PERSON now lives with the guilt of being a thief .	PERSON was an awful teenager . He stole everything he could . He spent a lot of time in juvenile detention . They he grew up and joined the Navy . He straighten up and now has a good job and family .	The little girl was watching Elmo episode . PERSON has got in some trouble . The little girl started to cry . PERSON explained to the girl , PERSON will be ok . The girl was happy .	PERSON wanted to attend the movies with her friend PERSON . He promised to go with her last weekend . PERSON failed to show up at the movies . Worried that something bad had happened PERSON phoned him . Turns out PERSON had driven to the wrong movie theater .
late for school	PERSON was late for school . And it made her very stressed out . There was a large roadblock on a main street . But when she got to school , everyone else was late too . PERSON was happy that nobody got in trouble .	I woke PERSON and PERSON up for school this morning . PERSON never actually got out of bed until it was time to leave home . PERSON and I waited in the car for him . When he came out we only had 5 minutes to get to school . PERSON was angry at him because he murdered her late for class .	I woke up and saw that I was 10 minutes late for school . I got dressed and ran to school . When I got there , everyone was gone . I wondered where they all were . I looked at the calendar and realized it was Saturday .	School started for little PERSON every day at 7 . One day she slept past her alarm . She ran as quickly as she could to school . She was still late . That was the first time she ever got in trouble at school .	PERSON was on her way to bed . She had a late night . She slept for eight hours . When she woke up it was ten . She was two hours late for school .
PERSON gets a dog	PERSON always wanted his own dog . One day he decided to go to the pet store to get a dog . PERSON picked out a beagle . At first the beagle was shy and nervous . Eventually PERSON and his dog became very close .	PERSON was a boy . PERSON needed a friend . PERSON 's parents got him a dog . He loved that pet like his friend . PERSON did n't need any friends his dog was his best friend .	PERSON wanted to get a dog . He went to a pound to find a puppy . PERSON picked out a small puppy . He brought the puppy home and gave him some water to drink . PERSON was happy to have a dog .	PERSON is out doing some shopping one day . She decided to stop by a clothing store in the mall . As she leaves the store she sees a dog in the window of a pet shop . She decides to go inside and look around . She falls in love with the dog and takes him home .	PERSON decides he wants to have a dog . He goes to a dog pound to find a puppy . PERSON adopts a young black puppy . He is very excited to bring the puppy home . PERSON is glad he got a dog .
lightbulb	PERSON wanted to do some reading . He could n't see . He realized the lamp was n't on . He tried to turn it on but nothing happened . The bulb had burned out .	I turned the light on in my bathroom , but the light did n't come on . I checked the light bulb . As I suspected , it had burnt out . I made a note to get a new lightbulb . It 's still dark in there , because I keep forgetting to get a new bulb .	Our lamp seemed dim the other night . My wife took a new bulb out . She dropped the bulb and it shattered . She got a vacuum cleaner and ran it over the carpet . Luckily the vacuum cleaner was powerful and got the pieces .	The classroom dark turned dim . People looked at each other . No one knew what happened . Someone said the lightbulb went out . Turns out it was true .	PERSON was learning how to install light fixtures with his dad . He had to learn the wiring , but was never a handy man . He crossed two wires and suddenly the power shut off ! His dad called electrical maintenance men . They fixed the power and installed the fixtures for free !
snowman	PERSON wanted to build a snowman with his son . The two males went outside all bundled up and ready . But they could not manage to roll any snow together ! Their project was a total failure ! Defeated , they went in for hot chocolate and warm soup !	Saturday morning PERSON woke up to find it had snowed . She quickly got dressed to go out and play . She called her friend PERSON to meet her . Together they built a huge snowman . They tied PERSON 's red scarf around its neck .	The children were excited to learn it had snowed overnight . They got dressed in their warmest clothes . They ran outside to play . After a long day of play , they had made a snowman . It was a great way to spend the snowy day .	It was the first day of December ! It snowed ten feet ! My kids ran outside to enjoy the snow . They built a snowman . Alas , the neighbor 's kids destroyed the snowman .	PERSON was building a snowman . The first ball was very hard to make . But the smaller top balls were less difficult . Soon PERSON 's snowman was complete and decorated . PERSON was very proud of his cold creation !
PERSON breaks his neck	PERSON is outside cutting down trees . He cuts down a bunch of trees . PERSON gets tired . As he is cutting down the last tree it falls on him . The tree breaks PERSON 's neck .	PERSON is a dare devil . He likes to try extreme stuff . One day PERSON decides to jump over a short tree . PERSON gets a running start and Jumps . He falls short and breaks his neck on the fall .	PERSON is skating . PERSON is showing off . PERSON falls and lands on his neck . He is taken to the hospital . PERSON has a broken neck and needs time to heal .	PERSON is skiing on the Mountains . He is having the time of his life . PERSON is going to fast down the slope . He hits a hidden rock and ascends into the air . PERSON falls on his neck crushing his spine .	PERSON and his friends were wrestling . They were wrestling outside in his backyard . PERSON decided he wanted to do a super move from top of the house . He climbed on top of the house and jumped down . PERSON broke his neck falling on top of his friend .
lost puppy	PERSON was frantic because she lost her new puppy . She looked everywhere in town for her dog . Thankfully someone found the dog . When her dog was returned she was elated . She made sure that her dog was never out of sight again .	PERSON always wanted a puppy . So when she saw on in her driveway , she immediately brought it inside . Later , she heard a knock on the door . And two children asked her if she saw a puppy . PERSON lied and kept the puppy .	PERSON was playing outside . But he saw a small puppy by itself . He decided to carry it . But its owner saw him . He and PERSON decided to play with the puppy together .	A puppy wandered up to the house . It was black and brown . I brought in the house and gave it a bath . It had no collar . It is now part of my family .	PERSON was getting nervous because she lost her puppy . She looked everywhere for it . She searched the entire town and her house . Finally she saw the puppy in her backyard hiding . PERSON breathed a sigh of relief .
bad day	On his way to school , PERSON 's backpack ripped open . All of his stuff went flying around . PERSON 's book with his homework landed in a puddle . He was devastated . PERSON went to school in a bad mood .	PERSON woke up late for school because her alarm did n't go off . At breakfast she spilled her cereal on her lap and had to change . When she stepped outside the wind pulled her homework out her hand . She got out of her mom 's car at school she stepped in gum . PERSON got to her desk and read the words pop quiz on the board .	My band instructor was extremely furious today . The group of brass instrument players were off sync . They repeated the song several times and did worse every attempt . He ended up dismissing the other instrument players . In addition , he made the brass players learn a new song .	PERSON woke up late . PERSON forgot her homework . PERSON dropped food on her skirt . She thought it was the worst day ever . She got home and her parents took her for ice cream and it was n't bad .	PERSON had a bad day . She did not want to continue working at her job . Her boss had been very rude to her . PERSON decided to put in her notice to her boss . Her boss told her to leave and not come back .
cleaning	PERSON had a great job . PERSON made a lot of money . PERSON ' home was often a mess . PERSON strongly disliked cleaning . PERSON hired a maid to clean .	I am retired on a disability . I had a stroke in 2011 . I try to do small chores around the home . Today I cleaned the bathroom and the carpets . It made me feel a bit useful .	Today I was cleaning the attic at my childhood home . I found an old box that used to belong to me . Inside the box were some of my old toys . I decided to pull out some of the toys for my kids to play with . Watching my children play with the toys reminded me of being a child .	PERSON wanted to have a clean house . He could not afford a maid . He decided to buy cleaning supplies . He cleaned his house himself . He was happy to be living in a very clean home .	PERSON was cleaning the house and needed help . Her kids were downstairs playing video games . She only had two hours to finish cleaning before she had to go . PERSON asked her kids to stop playing and help clean . Her kids obeyed and they finished ahead of time .
book	PERSON was having writer 's block . He was two-thirds finished with his book . He decided to travel a bit to look for some inspiration . He spent a week traveling across LOCATION with his family . When he came home , he was able to finish his book .	PERSON began to write a book . He wrote for months and finally finished it . PERSON sent it too many publishers . One publisher got his book . His book became a LOCATION LOCATION best seller .	PERSON was reading the harry potter book . He became engrossed in it . He could not stop reading it . His family became worried . He finished it and everything became fine again .	I bought a used paperback from amazon for a penny . With shipping the cost was four dollars . The book was old and the pages all fell out . I got a refund after complaining to customer service . I bought the hardcover version for a dollar plus $ 4 for shipping .	PERSON wanted to be a published author . He was a subject matter expert regarding martial arts . He decided to write about the combative arts . He wrote a great book . He became a published author .
the prize	PERSON gave his girlfriend a box of Cracker Jacks . He kept asking her what the prize was . She opened it , finding a ring . Her boyfriend had replaced the prize with an engagement ring . It was the best PERSON PERSON prize ever .	PERSON won a tournament at school . She got a new bike as a prize ! PERSON felt really proud that she had done so well . She showed off her bike in the neighborhood . Everyone was really impressed with PERSON !	PERSON PERSON called my phone and said i had won the sweepstakes . I was ecstatic very happy and coud not believe it . My happiness shortly faded away . It faded away when he asked me to send money to him . I should n't have to pay money to receive a prize !	PERSON was at the store with his mom and his brother . He saw a cereal that had a prize he wanted . He was happy when his mother let him get the cereal . His brother chose a different cereal . PERSON was excited to get home and claim his prize .	PERSON helped his mom decorate the house for Christmas . She was competing in a competition . It was a neighborhood competition for best decorated house . My mom lost last year . But this year she won .
new hair color	PERSON wanted to experiment with his hair color . He decided to dye his hair blonde . The end result looked great . When he showed his friends , they loved it . PERSON could n't wait to show his girlfriend .	PERSON wanted to get a new hair color . She was not liking her current dark color . So she went to the salon to go blonde . Unfortunately it did not look good . So she had to go back to her original .	PERSON had always been a blonde . She decided to do something different with her hair . She went to her stylist and chose a different color . She picked out a brunette color . She was very happy with her new color .	PERSON wanted a new hair color . She was curious about what it would look like . So she ordered a box of dye . When she got it she tried it . It looked amazing .	PERSON was invited to a Halloween party . PERSON figured that for dramatic effect , he should color his hair . Since PERSON 's costume was green , PERSON decided on that color . After the stylist finished the coloring , PERSON regretted it . PERSON was disappointed with his new , bold , green hair color .
girl scout cookies	The girl scouts knocked on PERSON 's door . They were selling cookies . PERSON asked for ten boxes of mint cookies . He ate two boxes of cookies that night . PERSON felt sick the next day .	PERSON and her friend were in the girl scouts . They were selling cookies for the annual fundraiser . They went door to door all day selling cookies . At the end of the day they were both exhausted . After everything was tallied PERSON and her friend had sold the most .	We are trying to buy girl scout cookies . Our children and relatives are all grown up . We asked all of our friends and neighbors , to no avail . We resorted to buying the cookies online . I can not wait for the cookies to arrive .	A girl scout was walking in my neighborhood . A group of guys walked towards her . They threatened her to give them all of her cookies . She immediately ran away . They were chasing her .	I sold girl scout cookies for my daughter in 1997 . A lot of people in the office bought them . One day our manager -LRB- who bought cookies -RRB- was fired . Her husband still worked there and paid me for the cookies . Shortly thereafter he was fired .
carpet cleaning	The other day I was vacuuming . My carpet never looked any cleaner , though . I kept going over and over again . Yet nothing happened . Eventually I realized I needed a new vacuum .	Our carpets are being cleaned Thursday . We are trying to get as much stuff off the floor as possible . I am disabled and can not lift things . My wife texted my son for help . He is coming over on Wednesday .	PERSON was all set to clean the den carpet . On the way through the living room he tripped . He spilled cleaning fluid everywhere . The living room carpet was soaked . PERSON was proud that he cleaned the carpets that day .	I ended up pulling out the carpet cleaner . I tried to find the instructions but I must have thrown them away . I looked up the directions online . I tried using dish soap instead of commercial cleaner . It cleaned the carpets quite nicely .	Kia vacuumed her rug weekly , but it looked dirty all the same . She decided to splurge and hire cleaners . She had them come and shampoo all her rugs . When they dried , Kia was impressed . The carpets were noticeably cleaner !
mini golf	We thought we would take the kids to mini golf . They were so excited to go . My seven year old was ready to hit the ball . I followed it as it went towards the hole . Then all of a sudden I saw it fall in the hole .	PERSON invited PERSON to go mini golfing . PERSON secretly hated mini golf , but agreed to go anyway . While there , PERSON played terribly . She became crabbier and crabbier with each passing hole . She decided that next time , she would simply decline the invitation .	We decided to play mini golf . The indoor course had put put . We got our clubs and got started . As we moved through the course , we found that it glowed in the dark . We had a hard time finding each other , but it was a fun game .	PERSON got out of school early so he could play mini golf . His parents told him he had earned a play day . They drove there and he looked in wonder at the building . They each got a golf club and different colored golf balls . PERSON wound up getting a better score than both of his parents !	PERSON and her friend went mini golfing . The two had fun back and forth . PERSON was winning at first . But then she hit the ball and it went in the water . She thought it was hilarious and got another ball .
cup	She was n't very hungry at lunch time . She went out to pick up burgers . She ordered herself a kids meal . The toy was a plastic cup . She thought it was rather boring .	PERSON enjoyed drinking wine . He never understood why people drank out of a glass . He always poured his wine in a cup . One day PERSON tried a glass . The wine tasted so much better !	My wife retired last week . One of her coworkers got her a gift . He had a mug inscribed with her name . He spelled her name PERSON instead of PERSON . She loved the cup , nonetheless .	PERSON loved his cup a lot . One day , he found out his cup was missing . He searched for it for hours and hours . Finally , he realized he left it at school . Eventually , he was able to find his cup .	There is an empty cup on the table . I picked up the cup . I took it to the kitchen . I filled the cup with milk . I drank the milk from the cup .
hockey game	I had a very important hockey game coming up . Every day I practiced for many hours . The day before the game , I fell and broke my leg . I was so upset and my coach was so disappointed . The coach scolded me for being so careless .	PERSON had always wanted to go to a hockey game . She finally decided to buy tickets . Before she bought tickets , she heard about a contest on the radio . As she was on her way to work , the contest winners were announced . PERSON had won six tickets to the next game .	PERSON had a hockey game this week . He spent a lot of time training with his team . Their coach told them that they will all get pizza if they win . This inspired the team to play harder . PERSON 's team won and got the well deserved pizza .	I used to play hockey when I was young . I practiced 6 days a week . The competition was very fierce . We went to state once . We won 2-1 in overtime !	PERSON recently fell in love with the sport of Hockey . However , PERSON loved hockey for one reason , the fights . PERSON loved seeing the men fight one another on the rink . In addition , the excitement from the crowd during the fight was fun . PERSON could not wait for the next hockey game so she can see a fight .
television	Television is a scary thing . They can show almost anything on it . Yesterday , there were three shows on cooking . This got me thinking I was hungry . I made a sandwich to satisfy my craving .	PERSON wanted to watch television . But he was having some trouble with his reception ! Then he had an idea . He affixed some tin foil to his TV antenna . The foil helped his channels come in sharp and clear !	The man turned on the television . There was breaking news on the screen . Something very bad had happened . The man turned off the television . He tried his best not to think about the event .	I was watching television with a friend . I decided to watch a movie in German . My friend started laughing . He used the remote control to change subtitle settings to English . We were able to understand the movie .	Every night after work I would watch television . I realized that this was an unhealthy habit . I decided to sell my television set . Now , I had to do other things like read or exercise . My health improved now that the television set was gone .
flu shot	PERSON went to the doctor for her yearly check up . She finds out she 's in perfect health . The doctor suggests that she receive a flu shot . PERSON does not like shots but knows it 's better than getting the flu . She lets the doctor give her the flu shot .	PERSON got a flu shot on Tuesday . She felt extremely sick after receiving it . She went back to the doctor on Wednesday . The doctor ran tests . PERSON had an allergic reaction to the shot .	PERSON is waiting at the doctor 's office . He is about to get a flu shot . PERSON is scared and nervous about being around needles . The doctor came in and began giving the shot . The shot was painless , but still scary .	PERSON hated getting shots . When her mom told her she was going to get a flu shot she hid . Her mom found her in the closet . She took her to the clinic for her shot . PERSON felt a pinch and then it was all over .	PERSON went to the doctor to get a flu shot . She waited in the waiting room for 20 minutes . The nurse brought her into an exam room . The nurse quickly gave her a shot in her arm . PERSON got a sticker for being such a good patient .
a new pet	PERSON asked her parents if they could get a family pet . The family decided to visit a shelter to choose a pet . At the shelter , they looked at puppies and older dogs . A spotted puppy caught their attention by jumping up and down . PERSON and her family chose the puppy to bring home .	PERSON was working in the garden . He saw something move in the grass and leaned in for a closer look . He saw a small , white snake holding still . He picked her up and took her inside . He got her a terrarium and has kept her as a pet ever since .	A little girl asked for a pet for her birthday . She did not know what kind of pet she wanted . Her parents surprised her and bought her a puppy . They gave her the puppy after her other gifts . The girl was very happy with her new pet .	My mom brought me to the pet store . She said that I could pick out any pet . I decided to choose a pitbull . She was surprised by my choice . We took the pitbull home .	PERSON visited a local pet store to buy dog food . While browsing , she looked at the guinea pigs . She immediately fell in love with the creatures . PERSON decided to purchase two guinea pigs . PERSON loved her new pets and bought two more .
promotion	PERSON noticed a new team leader position had been posted at work . He went to HR and put in a bid for the job . His supervisor thought he was too nice for the job . PERSON won the bid and was promoted immediately . Within two weeks , PERSON 's line was number one in the plant .	PERSON had been with her company for eight years . She finally applied for a promotion . And she was denied ! The next year though , her boss called her in for a private conference . There , she was given a promotion - and a raise !	PERSON had been working at her job for 18 months . She was a hard working nurse . PERSON never complained about her job . She always faced each challenge with a smile . Her manager rewarded her hard work with a big promotion .	PERSON always wanted to get promoted . One day he showed up extra early to work . He started doing that every single day . His manager approached him 2 months later . He finally got a promotion .	PERSON was a hard working man . He did every job he was assigned with excellence . He never complained while on the job about anything . PERSON 's boss noticed his great work ethic and attitude . PERSON received a big promotion and pay raise .
bed	Adam and PERSON had had the same bed for seven years . It hurt both their backs to sleep on it . They decided that although money was tight , they had to upgrade . They scrimped and saved for a couple of months . Then finally they bought a new , soft , comfortable bed set !	PERSON had a very big bed . It was so big that five people could fit . One day , he realized he could buy a smaller bed . PERSON rushed to the store to buy a smaller bed . After that , PERSON was a lot more comfortable .	We needed to go to bed . We were so hyped about it being Friday that it was difficult . We laid in bed for hours talking . We discussed what we were going to do over the weekend . We fell asleep happy and looking forward to the future .	PERSON woke feeling tired every morning . She decided to splurge on a new bed . She replaced her old one with a comfortable new one . Soon she was waking with more energy . PERSON was glad she 'd bought the new bed !	PERSON had a very big bed . He slept alone and it was quite cold . One day , he invited his friend to have a sleep over . With two people , the big bed was more comfortable . Then , PERSON had a very good night sleep .
grace	Grace bought a pet cat on Thursday . She took the cat home and she instantly had a connection with it . When she came home the next day she was ecstatic to see her new cat . Grace ended up buying another cat for herself . Now the Grace is happy to have her two new pets at home .	Grace found life hard and lonely wife lonely even with a husband . She talked to her husband about how she felt . They both thought it was best to seek counseling . Grace never became any happier until she divorced her husband . Grace has no regrets other than being with her husband .	Grace was having trouble with her classes . She discovered that part of the problem was her vision . She went to the doctor and got a pair of contacts . She now can see better . Grace also has better grades in school .	Grace never wanted to leave the country but she had to . She could no longer afford to live so far from work . She moved closer to work and saved money but was never happy . She decided to find a smaller house in the country . She finally found one and was the happiest she 'd ever been .	When I was a teenager my parents asked me to say grace at Christmas . Being a teenager and full of rebellion , I refused . My grandmother began crying at the table . I was sent to my room and my presents were donated to a shelter . Despite the punishment , I was proud of my rebellion .
chips	PERSON wanted her grandma to buy some snacks . Her grandma was not fond of junk food . PERSON had been with her grandparents for 3 months . She had n't any chips in that entire time . She begged and begged , but her grandma refused to buy potato chips .	PERSON bought a bag of potato chips from the store . It was a huge bag meant for a family . But PERSON ripped open the bag and dove in . He did n't live that far from the store . Even still , he was finished by time he got home !	I wanted to save a little money at the store . I knew the kids wanted doritos . I saw a bag of doritos styled generic chips . They were only a dollar , so I bought them . The kids took one bite and I could tell they were disgusting .	PERSON loved snack food . Chips were his favorite . He ate them every day for lunch . He finished off a large bag in just a couple of days . PERSON 's wife told him to eat healthier snack from now on .	PERSON had a bag of chips . He kept it to himself . PERSON wanted some . PERSON thought about it . PERSON decided to share so that everyone was happy .
PERSON 's choice	PERSON had to choose between hanging out and covering a shift . He was on his way to a movie when the boss called . He wanted PERSON there as soon as possible to cover April 's shift . PERSON could have said no , but he decided it was his duty to show up . He told his boss he 'd be there in fifteen minutes .	PERSON wanted to go to college after he graduated high school . His parents could n't afford to send him and he did n't want to borrow . PERSON decided to sign up for the military . After basic training he was sent to LOCATION . He never got to go to college because he was killed by a IUD .	PERSON was just beginning to date again after his divorce . He had dinner with PERSON , a woman he met online . They made plans to go out again the following evening . He met PERSON at a gas station and they struck up a conversation . He called PERSON and apologized , adding he 'd met someone else .	PERSON was born in LOCATION , LOCATION . She moved to the states for a better life . She met a very rich man immediately whom she felt was ugly . But she decided to marry him for money . She had a very unhappy marriage , but had the money she wanted .	PERSON went to the pet store . He was looking for a new companion . PERSON considered the parrot and ferret . He knew both were high maintenance . PERSON chose the ferret because parrots are noisy .
PERSON moves out	PERSON wanted to move out of her parent 's house . She needed a source of income to support herself . She applied for jobs all over . She eventually heard back from a company . PERSON accepted the job offer and moved out of her parent 's house .	PERSON was tired of her commute being so long . PERSON decided to move closer to her work . Home prices were really expensive there . PERSON had to save up for months to afford the down payment . After she moved , PERSON was fired and had to make another long commute .	PERSON has not been happy with her marriage . She and her boyfriend argue every night . She tells her kids she is going to move out . Her kids do not want her to leave . PERSON moves and leaves her kids with their father .	PERSON is a 40 year old man . PERSON still lives from home . PERSON gets tired of living with his dad . PERSON gets a job . PERSON moves out .	PERSON was in his 30s . He still lived at home with his parents . PERSON decided he wanted to be independent . He took a good job . PERSON moved away from his parents .
PERSON 's vacation	PERSON was excited for her vacation in LOCATION . When she arrived , she loved the shops and cafes . She mingled with the locals and visited many tourist spots . Before she knew it , the vacation was over . PERSON could n't stop talking about it for a week .	PERSON went on vacation to LOCATION . He saw many interesting things . He learned about many different cultures . He came home very refreshed . He told his friends about the experience .	PERSON 's in-laws had taken her children out of town . Now PERSON did n't know what to do with her free time . She had a list of chores to be completed . She also had a book she had not yet had a chance to read . PERSON decided she needed a vacation too , settling back with the book .	PERSON did n't like visiting family during the holidays . She thought it was too much drama to deal with . PERSON decided to spend the holiday in LOCATION . She let her family know her plans . PERSON enjoyed a stress-free holiday in Paradise .	PERSON could n't wait to get a vacation from work . He had been saving his vacation days for a big trip . PERSON booked airline tickets to LOCATION . He went on his trip . PERSON had the time of his life .
the bunny	The little bunny was new in the world . He was just trying to figure out his way . He hopped around looking for food . He played in the sun all day . The bunny was happy and had a fun time .	There once was a bunny in the forest . The bunny ate berries and fruit . The bunny slept by the lake . The bunny was very lonely . So it found it 's family and they stayed together always !	PERSON went to a yard sale with her mom . She seen a bunny . She really liked it . She asked her mom if she could have it . And she said yes .	PERSON had a bunny rabbit named PERSON . One day PERSON escaped from his cage . PERSON looked all around for his pet but could n't find it . When PERSON finally gave up he started to cry . PERSON came jumping through the doggy door and PERSON was happy .	There was a bunny on a hill . It ate the grasses and jumped around . The hunter saw the bunny from 70 yards away . He pulled up his rifle and aimed at the bunny . The hunter had a new hat for winter .
winter	PERSON took out a glass of champagne . She poured it in a baby cup . She sipped on it while watching television . She cried at the loss of her baby girl . She had fallen ill earlier that winter .	PERSON had just moved from LOCATION to LOCATION LOCATION . She was very excited to play in the snow . When it first started snowing , PERSON ran outside without a jacket . She did not realize how cold it was and began shivering ! PERSON was sad but had to go back inside the house to bundle up .	PERSON lived in a cold climate . PERSON was very frugal . PERSON wanted to insulate his home . PERSON decided to board up the windows . PERSON saved some money by sealing the windows .	The temperature got cold . Leaves started to die . PERSON took over . Plants died . Old man winter finally came to visit .	The snow had begun falling . Winter had finally arrived in the sleepy town . A layer of fine snow covered the roads and sidewalks . It felt cozy and like home to everyone . Winter was a beautiful time in the small town .
house party	PERSON decided to throw a house party . He waited until his parents were out of town . His friends destroyed his furniture and carpet . He was punished severely . It took him months to pay off the damage .	PERSON 's birthday was soon . But she did n't know where to the party should be . She finally decided that it should be at her house . And she and her friends had lots of fun . But she regret cleaning after everyone left .	PERSON 's parents were out of town . He decided to throw a big party to impress a girl . The girl was impressed . Unfortunately his friends trashed his house . PERSON 's parents grounded him for a month and a half .	PERSON 's parents were out of town for the week . Word had gotten around that PERSON 's home was going to be empty . She was n't popular but all the people talking to her made her happy . She told everyone they could come over if they kept it calm and quiet . Within hours the cops were there and her parents were furious .	PERSON and PERSON 's son PERSON had always been quite trustworthy . Lately he 'd been hanging out with a kid with a bad reputation . But they thought PERSON could be trusted and left him alone for a week . They ended up returning early , and found the house covered in debris . PERSON had thrown a party , and his parents immediately grounded him .
lemonade	PERSON decided to make lemonade the old-fashioned way . He brought out some lemons , water , and sugar . He squeezed the lemons until he thought his hands would fall off . He then added some water , and a generous amount of sugar . PERSON tasted his lemonade and decided he wanted to be a chef someday .	They went to the county fair like they would do every summer . But it was so hot out that they needed a drink . So his wife told him to get a couple lemonades . He had never had them before but he said ok . He could n't believe how good they were , he made sure to always get it .	PERSON wanted to make some fresh lemonade . He had a recipe from his mother that she gave him a long time ago . After PERSON remembered the recipe he started to make the lemonade . To PERSON 's surprise it was very easy ! After he was done making his lemonade he sat down and enjoyed a glass .	PERSON was tired of drinking only water . She decided to make a pitcher of lemonade . PERSON tasted the lemonade . It was sour . She added more sugar until it tasted right .	PERSON needed five more dollars to buy a game . Her mom told her she must earn the money . PERSON found some lemons and decided to make lemonade . PERSON 's lemonade was a neighborhood hit . She quickly earned more than enough to buy her game .
yard work	PERSON hates doing yard work . He let the grass grow really tall . Now there are a lot of leaves to rake . His wife ordered him to clean the yard . PERSON is spending his weekend cleaning the yard .	PERSON never liked working in the yard . He enjoyed the winter months when the grass stopped growing . But spring was here again . He decided to get a jump on the unpleasant task . He woke up early and mowed the lawn before it got hot outside .	PERSON decided to create a new garden in the yard . He got to work pulling up ivy to clear space . In the ivy he kept finding tennis balls the dog had lost . He started keeping a pile of all the balls he found . PERSON ended up with more tennis balls than flowers .	PERSON was embarrassed by her family 's weedy , littered front yard . The child determined to roll up her sleeve and make a difference . PERSON pulled weeds , raked leaves , swept the walk , and bagged trash . A neighbor was so impressed , he brought PERSON flower bulbs to plant . Flushed with pride , PERSON saw the tangible results of her hard work .	PERSON had yard work he needed to get done today . I wanted to to help him do the work . He told me if I ate my breakfast he would let me help . I was sure to eat everything on my plate . I 'm going out now to help .
the birthday party	PERSON was turning ten . She was going to have a big birthday party . She decided to invite her whole class . On the day of the party , everyone showed up with gifts . PERSON was so excited !	PERSON was going to her cousin 's birthday party . Her cousin was having a swimming party . PERSON had been having an ear infection . She was not allowed to swim with the other children . PERSON sadly watched the kids swim while she sat on the deck .	PERSON had a birthday party on the weekend . He invited all of his friends and relatives . They sang the happy birthday song to him . Everyone also ate a piece of PERSON 's birthday cake . PERSON was happy to be with his family and friends .	PERSON was turning ten years old . So she decided to throw a birthday party . She handed out invitations in class to all of her classmates . The day of the party , no one showed up . PERSON was devastated and she cried .	PERSON 's boyfriend was turning 30 and wanted to throw him a party . She called his friends and family and told them about her plans . Everyone came together and they rented a hall for the party . No one told PERSON 's boyfriend and he was surprised on his birthday . He said it was the most fun he 's had in a long time .
circus	PERSON wanted to go to the circus . The circus announced a new attraction . It was about a real live unicorn . When PERSON got there he was very excited . The unicorn was a goat with a single horn .	Mom took me to the circus today . I was so excited to see everything ! The elephants danced in a circle . The lion tamer was the best ! The circus was so much fun .	PERSON loves clowns . She desperately wanted to go to the circus . On her birthday , her parents took her to the circus . She had a wonderful time . The clowns were wildly hilarious .	Kia had never been to the circus . It came to her town when she was nine . Her mom and dad took her to see it . She was amazed by the animals and performers ! Kia had a wonderful time at the circus .	PERSON got a new job . He 's now a clown at the circus . He was nervous because clowns get a bad rap . The kids ended up loving him . He was overjoyed .
extra credit	PERSON was trailing behind in one of his classes . He asked his teacher for some help . PERSON 's teacher agreed to give him an extra credit opportunity . PERSON took great advantage of it . He finished the work and got a better overall grade .	LOCATION was in danger of failing English class . Desperately , he asked his teacher what he could do . She offered him extra credit to write a detailed book report . Thankfully , LOCATION dove into the book and then his report . Luckily , he earned enough extra credit to pass the class !	Ruby got an F on her science term paper . She asked her teacher if she could do some extra credit . That way , she could bring her grade average back up . The teacher agreed and let Ruby write a report on chemistry . PERSON wrote a great report and got her grade average back to a B !	PERSON was doing poorly in a class . He asked the teacher for help . The teacher offered some extra credit . PERSON agreed and did well on the assignment . His grade improved a good bit .	PERSON was failing geometry . She asked the teacher if there was anything she could do to pass . She stayed after school and cleaned the room thoroughly . PERSON was upset to grimy from all the work , and covered in chalk dust . But it was all worth it to pass the class .
pageant	I entered my first beauty pageant . I was nervous when I went on stage . When the top ten was called , I heard my name . I was shocked . I was even more surprised when I won .	The mom entered her baby in a pageant . She walked on stage with the baby . The baby smiled and cooed . The baby walked by herself . The baby won the pageant .	Misty wanted to join the beauty pageant to win 1st prize . But first she had to qualify . To qualify she had to wear three different dresses and score greatly . She qualified and for the competition she had to perform a dance . Misty did not win any prize but she plans on joining future pageants .	Little PERSON was a three year old beauty queen . She was very good at walking and smiling for the judges . This week it was different , she would have to sing . The day of the show PERSON looked beautiful . Too bad butterflies in her tummy flew away with the words to the song .	PERSON wanted to compete in the beauty pageant . She bought a fancy dress . Then she did her hair and makeup . She paraded across the pageant stage nervously . At the end , PERSON found that she 'd won third place !
PERSON and his dog	After moving out on his own , PERSON felt lonely . Without a family or roommates , he had no one to talk to . PERSON headed to the humane society . He found an adorable chocolate lab that needed a home . PERSON ended his day with a new best friend !	PERSON loved his pet dog , but his brother was allergic . Their mom sent the dog to live with his aunt . PERSON would stay with her on weekends so he could visit the dog . When he was old enough , PERSON got his own apartment . He and the dog had a couple great years together before it died .	PERSON is out walking his dog . Suddenly it starts raining . The pair begin running back home . They both get soaking wet . Upon returning home , they dry off and snuggle .	PERSON and his dog always went for a walk around the block . He would wave at his neighbors and they would wave back . One morning PERSON woke up late and could n't walk his dog . PERSON called his friend to walk the dog . PERSON felt bad for waking up late .	PERSON had a dog name Handle . Handle ran away one day . PERSON was so sad . He put up missing posters all over town . PERSON got a call his dog was found .
the moose	The outdoorsmen were hiking in the woods . They saw a moose walking in the distance . The moose stumbled into the woods again . The men tried to follow it but it got away . It had been an amazing sight !	The man heard a noise in the woods . It was a giant moose ! He watched as the creature slowly walked through the area . It stopped to drink from the creek . Then he disappeared into the forest .	Fred went on a hike by himself . Halfway through the hike , he saw a moose . The moose started walking towards him . Terrified , PERSON sprinted back . He decided he was too scared to go back into the woods .	The family was out for a hike . It was snowy and peaceful . They were walking down the path when they saw a moose . He was wandering through the field . They all watched him until he walked out of sight .	The couple was walking through the woods . A huge moose stepped out in front of them . The animal had huge antlers . They kept their distance and admired it . It lumbered back into the woods .
abandoned	Fred and PERSON went to an abandoned asylum . They saw other people in there too . PERSON felt risky and wanted to join them . They ended up getting caught by cops They were all issued a warning .	The woman drove down the road . She came to a complete stop . She opened her car door . She threw out her cat . Then the woman drove away .	The old house sat empty on the top of the hill . PERSON walked by it every day after school . This time she paused at the gate and looked up at the house . She thought she saw movement in one of the top windows . PERSON hurried home and did not sleep well that night .	Matt and jimmy visited an abandoned asylum . PERSON ran ahead and got lost . PERSON could n't find PERSON . PERSON ended up having to call the cops . The cops led him back .	Drew was arguing with his girlfriend . She tried to punch him in the face . He immediately stop . She was frustrated to a point where she left the car . Drew drove off without her .
rained out	PERSON was at a baseball game . It started to rain a bit . After a while it got much worse . They had to call off the game . PERSON was disappointed he did n't get to see the end .	PERSON had a big game coming up . He had been training extra hard . He was nervous but ready . The game got rained out due to a storm . PERSON felt he worked hard for nothing .	PERSON planned a party for her birthday . It was outside at the park , but there was a covered picnic shelter . Sadly , it rained on party day ! PERSON and her friends still managed to have fun . They just had to eat and chat under the shelter !	A few weeks ago , our family went to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . My husband had tickets to an Orioles game . The only day it rained was the day of the game . He only saw one inning and one at-bat . He was sad , but there 's no crying in baseball .	PERSON was on his way to work . It had been raining heavily . The road was flooded and impassible . PERSON turned around and drove home . PERSON called his boss and told him he could n't make it in .
bath	PERSON played outside all day . She grew very muddy . At dusk her mom called her inside . Then she gave PERSON a sudsy bubble bath . PERSON emerged nice and clean again !	PERSON 's skin was rough and dry from winter . She was so unhappy ! She decided to do something about it . She took a long hot bath with oiled water . Soon her skin was silky smooth again !	It was time to bathe the kids . The two autistic kids made a huge mess . The babies squirmed all over the place . The little girl wanted to play until the water got cold . Once they were dry and in bed , I could get a bath .	PERSON took a bath . The water became very dirty . He then showered . He made some warm milk . Then he went to sleep .	PERSON was taking a bath one day . The water was too cold . PERSON made the water hot . The water was so hot that it burned PERSON 's skin . PERSON took showers from that day on .
PERSON 's bike	PERSON married PERSON , who had two children . Karen wanted PERSON to sell his motorcycle . PERSON refused to get rid of the motorcycle that he loved . Then one of PERSON 's friends was killed in a motorcycle accident . PERSON did the responsible thing and sold his motorcycle .	PERSON gets a new bike for her birthday . She is sad though because she does not know how to ride it . Her father teaches her how to ride it . After a couple weeks of practice , PERSON can ride her bike on her own . She now rides her bike everywhere she goes .	PERSON bought a motorcycle . He treated it like his baby . One day while riding it he scraped the side on a car . He argued for hours that the driver would pay for the damage . He finally accepted that it had been his fault for causing the scrape .	PERSON loved to ride his bike around town . He began timing himself when he rode to work . PERSON realized that biking was faster than driving in his city . He sold his car the next month . PERSON used the money to buy a really nice , new bike .	PERSON wants to get around her new town faster but hates parking . A good friend recommends she try biking around town . PERSON decides to buy a bike and give it a shot . She finds biking very easy , even though she has n't biked in Years . PERSON is so happy that she took her friend 's advice .
allergies	PERSON had bad allergies . They were especially bad in the spring and fall . PERSON went to an allergy doctor . The doctor prescribed her allergy medication . PERSON 's allergies no longer bothered her .	The man 's eye itched . He thought it would pass . The next day it still itched . He asked the doctor for help . The doctor gave him allergy medicine .	PERSON was running in the woods when he had an allergic reaction . He had to stop and walk because it was hard to breathe . He made it out of the woods to an office building . A security guard called an ambulance for him . After that PERSON always carried an Epipen .	PERSON had just moved to LOCATION . Unfortunately , he did n't realize he was allergic to cedar . When winter came , cedar pollen was released all over LOCATION . Therefore , PERSON suffered from cedar allergies for three long months . PERSON decided to move to a different state .	PERSON had dinner at her boyfriend 's parent 's house . All of a sudden she had trouble breathing . There were ground peanuts in the food . She had a peanut allergy . Fortunately she had an epipen with her so she was fine within minutes .
lost cat	One day , PERSON ' cat , PERSON , did not show up at his regular mealtime . PERSON had not seen Bo all day , and he was afraid PERSON had gotten lost . The next day , PERSON found Bo hiding in a box in the basement . Bo had hidden there during the lightning storm the day before . Now , PERSON makes sure he checks the box whenever there is a loud storm .	PERSON 's cat liked roaming the neighborhood . But when the storm started rolling in , she worried about him . She begged her mother to let her go looking for him . Because the storm was bad , her mother said no . The cat came back home two days later .	PERSON saw a sign that said Lost Cat . Then she saw the cat itself ! She coaxed it to her . Then she put it in her car . She drove it to the owners , who happily welcomed it .	PERSON 's cat ran away from home one day . PERSON did n't see it for days . He was about to start putting up signs . All of a sudden PERSON 's cat popped up . PERSON was happy and relieved .	PERSON lost her pet cat . She went around town asking people if they saw the cat . She also put up posters with a reward if anyone finds it . PERSON received a call from someone who found her cat . PERSON went to pick up her cat and gave the person a reward .
sad day	I grew up watching the PERSON PERSON show . I also saw a number of his standup comedy specials . Later in life I saw him in a number of movies . He was one of my favorite comedians . I was very sad when I learned he had passed away .	PERSON worked in the coal mine . He always worked hard . Then he found out he lost his job . He was devastated . He then had to collect food stamps .	I was giving a friend English lessons everyday for about three weeks . As time went on , I began to develop attraction towards him . I thought he might like me too so I did n't hide my attraction . Then I found out he had feelings for someone else . We stopped the lessons and did n't talk much after that .	PERSON loved to play video games . He liked to play with his friends online . One Friday night he went to buy the new game . The game was sold out . PERSON could not play online with his friends that day .	PERSON was not having a good day at all . In fact , PERSON was told by her mother she had breast cancer . PERSON wanted to just crawl up in a hole and sulk for her mother . However , PERSON 's mother assured her that her cancer was treatable . PERSON was still very sad at her mother 's diagnosis .
dog walking	PERSON noticed her dog was getting fatter and more out of shape . I suggested that she start taking her dog on walks more . The next day she started taking her dog on walks . They were very exhausting walks at first but it went fine ! After about a month PERSON noticed that her dog was losing weight !	I was walking a group of dogs through the streets . Each dog was very well behaved and none of them were pulling . Suddenly , a cat ran across their path and caused them all to run . I was dragged for almost a block before they were stopped . Now I keep them all on separate leashes !	I needed to take my dog for a walk . I wanted to finish watching my movie first . By the time the movie was over , it had started pouring . Even though it was raining , I still had to take my dog for a walk . I regretted not pausing the movie and taking the dog earlier .	I wanted to walk my friend 's dog because I never had before . She gave me the dog which was on a leash . I walked the dog for about twelve blocks . The dog jerked free and ran away . Thankfully , I later found the dog at my friend 's house .	PERSON decided to earn money walking dogs . He walked the neighbor lady 's dog Shadow one day . Shadow was not very cooperative . He kept pulling on his leash . But at least PERSON got twenty dollars for it .
designer	PERSON wanted to be a designer . But not a clothes designer - a game designer ! She studied computers all through high school and college . When she graduated , she was an expert at designing ! Within a few years she had released her first video game !	PERSON was a fashion expert - everyone said so ! So after high school , she decided on a career in fashion design . Several large brands quickly took notice of her . Soon PERSON was hired as a designer for a major firm . She was living her dream - and worked with fashion everyday !	PERSON designed a video game to be played on mobile devices . She offered it to her friends , who all loved it . Then she listed it in the App Store for one dollar . She sold hundreds of copies of her game ! PERSON decided to put the money in her college fund .	I am tall and I like my pants to fit me just right . I went to several stores but they did not carry Big and Tall . I searched online but the prices were too high . Frustrated I learned how to sew my own pants . Now my pants fit me just right and I love how they look .	PERSON was very good at finding deals . She was so good her friends started hiring her to find them deals . She was trying to find an outfit for PERSON to wear to a date . She scoured every thrift store and sales rack . She found PERSON a gorgeous dress for ten percent retail !
the hit	PERSON swung his back . He connected with the ball . He ran around the bases as fast as he could . He reached third base . It was a great base hit !	I recall the one hit I got in Little League The pitcher wound up and threw a fast ball . I took a swing , just assuming I 'd miss as usual . But instead I hit a line drive between first and second base ! I made it to first just in time , not believing what I 'd finally done .	I had a hit trapped in my queue for a very long time . No matter what I did , I could n't get it to work . I tried waiting , but nothing happened . I tried emailing , but got no response . I finally gave up and returned the hit .	PERSON was a paid assassin . He had a contract to whack people for the Jersey Mafia . His most recent `` subject '' was a bar owner who owed money . PERSON stalked his subject one night after the bar closed . With silencer on pistol , PERSON shot the man two times in the head .	I played little league baseball . I hit a fly ball into right field . The ball hit the fielder in the head . I felt bad . Later , I found out he was mad enough to want to fight me .
picnic	PERSON wanted to take his girlfriend to a picnic . They went to the park nearby . He packed sandwiches and wine . They drank the entire bottle of wine . They were slightly drunk and had a great time strolling the park .	PERSON met PERSON at a yoga class . PERSON asked PERSON out on a date . PERSON suggested a picnic . PERSON agreed to the date . PERSON packed a basket of food and they had a great date .	PERSON and I were hungry for lunch . PERSON suggested since it was so nice out we should have a picnic . I agreed and we packed a lunch . PERSON drove us to the park . It was a good time but we forgot to bring a blanket .	PERSON and PERSON went on a picnic last Saturday . PERSON was excited for their first date . She packed lots of fruits for their romantic dinner . PERSON liked all the fruits PERSON has packed . They had a great first date , and PERSON asked PERSON on another date .	PERSON wanted to have a picnic with her friend this weekend . They settled down next to a big , shady tree . Little did they know , there was a beehive right above them ! Luckily , they did n't disturb the bee 's hive . They were able to have a nice picnic in peace .
french toast	One day PERSON was making French toast . PERSON said he was making it wrong . PERSON left the kitchen crying . PERSON tried PERSON 's french toast . PERSON apologized because the French toast was tasty .	PERSON was craving French toast . He figured it was n't too hard to make . He tried his best , but he messed something up . The French toast came out tasting very bad . PERSON decided to order out next time !	PERSON 's aunt PERSON was visiting from out of town . PERSON decided to make french toast one day as they were talking . PERSON had never made french toast at home before . PERSON showed PERSON how to make french toast . They had a great time talking , laughing , and eating french toast .	PERSON was in LOCATION for the first time . He always wanted to eat toast in LOCATION . He went to a small cafe and ordered coffee and toast . He was very disappointed when his food arrived . It was plain toast and not French toast like he thought it would be .	PERSON decided to make French toast for her family . As she was cooking , she knocked the sugar over . She scooped out as much as she could . Luckily her family ate it anyway . When PERSON tasted it , it was disgusting .
pig	PERSON 's dad told him the family was getting an exotic pet . PERSON wondered all day at school what it might be . When he got out of school , he rushed home . He had not expected the pet he saw in his kitchen . PERSON 's family had brought home a potbellied pig !	PERSON was cooking bacon . But he remembered that he was overweight . He did n't want to waste the bacon however . So he rationalized eating all of it . Feeling bad afterwards , he realized he should have thrown it away .	PERSON went to the farm . He saw many animals . He loved the big pig in the mud . However the pig was scheduled to be killed for meat . PERSON decided to adopt the pig for himself .	Eve wanted a pot bellied pig for a pet . She begged her parents for weeks . Finally they agreed . PERSON was so excited ! She went to the pet shop the next day to select her new pig pet !	PERSON 's grandfather sent a box of gifts for Christmas . She opened all the gifts he sent . The last one was soft . She was afraid it would be clothes . She was pleasantly surprised to find a pink pig robe .
the bed	My parents went out one night and we had a babysitter . She was nice , but not very strict . My sisters were jumping on their bed and broke it . They were terrified what my parents would do to them ! I had them write a confession , and my parents let them live !	PERSON was exhausted . He could n't wait to go home and rest . He plopped down on his bed and snuggled in . He had been looking forward to that moment all week ! PERSON was a hard worker but he really liked to relax .	PERSON had an important interview to get to in the morning . PERSON however , had stayed up late the past night . When his alarm went off in the morning PERSON kept hitting snooze . After a few snoozes , PERSON 's alarm turned off . When PERSON finally woke up he had missed his interview .	PERSON and PERSON bought a new bed for their son . The bed was so comfortable that their son never awoke til mornings . The couple decided they should buy a new bed for themselves . After PERSON and PERSON got their new bed they slept better also . It was the best purchase they had made in awhile .	PERSON loved her bedroom . She just needed a new bed . She found the perfect one at an antique store . It was made of iron . PERSON bought the old piece and brought it home .
water bottle	PERSON was trying to stay hydrated . He took his water bottle to school . He put it under his desk . The bell rang to end . He forgot his water bottle .	It was really hot outside . I was extremely thirsty . I went to a vending machine . I got my change out of my pocket . I bought a water bottle .	PERSON was out hiking . He took a water bottle with him . He did n't realize he did n't close it right . All of PERSON 's water leaked out . PERSON decided to go back home instead of risk it .	I wanted to buy a new water bottle , because mine was broken . I went to the store and looked through their selection . There were so many , but I was n't sure I could find one I liked . Then , I found one in my favorite color , and it had a spout . I decided it was perfect and bought it .	I went to the fridge to get a bottle of water . Over the next hour I completely drank the contents of the bottle . I was going to throw the bottle into the trash . I instead decided to twist the bottle until the lid launched off . The lid shut off and left a bruise on my leg .
picture	One day i ride on the bus going home . I noticed a wallet on the chair where i 'm sitting . I open it and i saw a picture of the owner . I decided to leave the bus and find the owner of the wallet . Luckily , i found the owner and give it back to her .	The man took a picture . He looked at the photo . He was not happy with the framing . He moved his location . He took another picture .	PERSON saw a Herring . He took it 's picture . He framed the picture . He put it on the desk . He broke it with his elbow .	He asked her to draw him a picture . She found some crayons and construction paper . She drew a picture of a house . Outside the house , she drew a picture of them together . They were standing in the sunshine , happy .	PERSON took an embarrassing picture of PERSON . He blackmailed PERSON . PERSON paid PERSON off . PERSON gave PERSON the photo . PERSON burned the photo .
state fair	My mom wanted to go to the state fair with me . She was n't sure if she 'd get the time off from work so she was upset . When her schedule came out she was happy to see that she got it off ! She also wanted to go with my girlfriend and me but that ca n't work . She decided to just go to the state fair with me instead !	PERSON and I wanted to go to the state fair . We were both going to go as a date , but we had to include friends . She did n't have any other days to go , so we could n't go alone . When we went with her friends we had a good time . I spent a lot of money on food but it was worth it !	PERSON went to the state fair . She expected to go to the livestock show . When she got there it was nowhere in sight . She asked someone what had happen . All of the livestock was stuck in LOCATION .	We all went to the fair yesterday . The kids really enjoyed the rides . They kept going on the same ones over and over . Finally we got them to go eat some food . Then it was right back to the rides .	PERSON and her family were attending the state fair for the weekend . It would take several hours to get there . They had entered several contests . Along the way PERSON wondered if they would win any ribbons . They finally reached the fairgrounds in the early evening .
petting zoo	For PERSON 's birthday her parents took her to the petting zoo . She loved animals so she was very excited . She had a bucket of grain to feed to the goats and baby sheep . One of them tried to get the whole bucket from her ! They were not very polite but she guessed they were just hungry .	PERSON loved animals . She was excited to go to the petting zoo . The first animal she tried to pet attacked her . Another tried to bite her . PERSON still loved animals after , but was more protective around them .	PERSON took her kids to the new petting zoo . They had just opened last week . They had a few different animals there . You were able to feed them . The kids loved it .	PERSON had a cup of grain to feed to the animals at the petting zoo . The sheep were very polite about getting fed . The goats , however , were quite rude . One of them stole her cup of grain . He did n't even share it with the other goats !	PERSON loved animals . Her parents took her to a petting zoo . PERSON was excited and played with all the animals . She fed several as well . PERSON did n't want to leave at closing time .
sleep	When I woke up the other day I was too tired to get out of bed . I decided I would sleep a little bit longer . I went back to sleep for what I thought would be about an hour . When I woke up again it was still dark out . I ended up sleeping all day long .	PERSON fell asleep in his History class . His teacher got so mad at him . She sent him to the principal 's office . He did n't get in trouble . The next day he apologized and she was very happy .	PERSON was going through sleep paralysis . He heard its possible to have a wake induced lucid dreaming . He tried to do it while under sleep paralysis . It did not work . His body started moving again .	PERSON was a very sleepy baby . She would not sleep unless her mom was holding her . Her mother really wanted to take a shower . She put PERSON down in her crib . PERSON began to relentlessly cry for her mother .	PERSON was having trouble sleeping at night . He asked his friend for advice . His friend recommended to lay in bed the same hours every night . PERSON tried his friends recommendation . PERSON soon found himself experiencing sound sleep .
the twins	PERSON had a twin sister named PERSON . Their mother always made them dress alike . When they were teenagers , PERSON and PERSON rebelled . They refused to dress alike anymore . Their mother had to accept their individuality .	PERSON and PERSON just had twins . They brought them home from the hospital . PERSON was taking a nap . PERSON decided to help by changing diapers . PERSON got the babies mixed up .	PERSON and PERSON were twins . They loved to do everything together . They spent all afternoon playing board games . After playing Candyland they both had ice-cream . They both shared their favorite flavor .	PERSON had a twin brother named PERSON . The two boys were identical . PERSON was doing poorly in his math class . PERSON did well in math . PERSON took a math exam in place of PERSON so he could pass the course .	PERSON was pregnant . She went to the doctor , who gave her some surprising news . It was twins ! PERSON was nervous and excited . She could hardly believe it !
meeting the parents	PERSON had been in a relationship with PERSON for awhile . PERSON wanted PERSON to meet his parents . She was rather nervous because she was not ready . But when she met them they were not that bad . They welcomed her with open arms .	PERSON was nervous to meet her boyfriend 's parents . As soon as she rang the bell , she was shaking . His mother answered the door . To her delight , she was nice . PERSON did n't feel so nervous anymore .	PERSON and PERSON had been together for awhile . PERSON wanted PERSON to go to meet his parents . PERSON was rather nervous . But when she met them they were not bad . They welcomed her with open arms .	PERSON was going to meet his girlfriend 's parents for the first time . He was not feeling well due to his nervousness . He vomited a few times that day thinking about it . That night , he got dressed and headed to the restaurant . Ultimately , he made a good impression on his girlfriend 's parents .	PERSON was very nervous to meet her boyfriend PERSON 's parents . She knew they were very strict . PERSON brought her over to his parents house on the weekend . When his mother answered the door , PERSON flinched . However to her surprise , his mother was very nice .
racing	I was playing a video game . You were supposed to outrun a car . I did n't find the speed upgrade . I fishtailed the car instead . It could never pass me .	PERSON dreamed of being the fastest kid in his 3rd grade class . His friends always held races during recess . PERSON practiced constantly , striving to be the best . But when the races started that year , a girl named PERSON won the race . PERSON was disappointed , but decided he would not stop trying .	PERSON had always loved going fast even from a young age . So his father took him to a race . From that point on he was certain that he wanted to race for a living . So he practiced racing down the streets of his town . Now PERSON is one of the most successful racers in the world .	PERSON loved racing cars . One day , he came over and asked to borrow my thunderbird . I was wary , as he promised he was n't going to race it . I let him borrow the car . After he died , I found a paper that showed he had indeed raced my car .	PERSON wanted to win the race at school . He was n't very fast and he was n't very athletic . Despite this , he enrolled and run as fast as he could . People cheered him and he run faster . At the end , he came in last , but he was proud of himself for trying .
the team	I was playing soccer with a few friends . My team was losing badly . I wanted the ball all to myself . I decided that I should pass it to the other teammates . After that , our team was able to come back and win the game .	PERSON loved basketball but did n't make the team . PERSON was upset but decided to try again next year . Over the next year PERSON practiced and worked extra hard . PERSON went and did the try outs the next year . PERSON was proud when he saw his name on the team 's roster .	The team of scientists gathered in a small meeting room . The lead scientist stood up and pulled a test tube from his coat . The test tube had purple liquid in it . The lead scientist told the others that this was the cure . Upon hearing the news , the other scientists wept with great joy .	adam wanted to play football so he tried out for the team . He was n't very good so he did n't make the cut . His we , the coach saw his agility . He recruited him for track and field . Track and field is now his favorite hobby .	PERSON was trying out for the softball team . She had never played softball before . She learned how to bat and field a ball . PERSON felt like she was prepared for the tryouts . When the time came , she made the team !
dropped	PERSON started a new job as a dishwasher . Her first night went well - until she got home . Preparing for bed , she saw that she had lost her wedding ring ! It had slipped off in the warm soapy water at some point . PERSON was dejected - suddenly she hated the new job !	PERSON worked for weeks on a sculpture . He was very proud of the way it had turned out . On the way to school he dropped it on the sidewalk ! Fearing the worst , he pulled it out of the bag . PERSON sighed in relief when he saw nothing had been broken .	A good amount of work all dropped at once . I emptied my queue to get some of it . By the time my queue was empty , the work was gone . I sat there annoyed that I had nothing now . It was turning into a frustrating day .	Kia was walking and texting one day . She stumbled on the sidewalk and dropped her phone . It landed in a puddle ! Kia hurried to get it out , but it was too late . Her phone was broken .	PERSON 's mom bought her an ice cream cone . PERSON smiled widely as she licked it . Then , accidentally , she dropped it on the ground ! PERSON 's mom refused to buy her another cone . PERSON wailed with disappointment !
noise	I went to LOCATION . There was so much noise in the city . The noise began to give me a headache . I decided to buy earplugs . Thus , my headache went away .	A man started to play the trombone on a street corner . He could be heard all over town . A police officer was called to stop him . He told the musician to go play somewhere else . The trombone player ignore him and played an encore .	I heard a strange noise outside my window . I remember hearing that same noise a year ago . I went outside to investigate . There were two deer in my yard , mating . They were the ones who were making that noise .	I hate too much noise around me . The kids get up and start running around . The one with autism stims very loudly . I put earplugs in so I do n't have to hear it . Then I go back to sleep .	The man turned on his music . He wanted to hear the base . He turned up the volume . His neighbors knocked on the wall . He turned the volume up even more .
museum	My school had a field trip to a science museum when I was younger . I was n't a fan of museums but this one was nice . Every time I went I had a great time . I told my friends that it 'd be a great time but they did n't care ! When we got there we all really enjoyed our field trip after !	PERSON and PERSON went on a date to the museum . They took their time seeing all the exhibits . They learned about all kinds of animals . When they were done , they bought souvenirs to remember it . It was a great date .	PERSON decided to take her son to the museum . She warned him to not touch any of the exhibits . While they were there , PERSON became distracted . Her son knocked an entire exhibit over ! PERSON and her son were kicked out of the museum forever .	PERSON had to go on a field trip to the history museum . He worried that the trip would be boring . He was surprised to see an exhibit about dinosaurs . PERSON loved looking at all of the fossils . PERSON was happy to have had a good trip after all .	PERSON and PERSON went on a field trip to the museum . They saw old dinosaur bones and other fossils . Their teacher told them not to touch anything . The boys touched the T-Rex skeleton and it fell down . The entire class was kicked out of the museum forever .
first kiss	PERSON and PERSON both liked each other . One day they went to play in the park together . PERSON could n't take it anymore and he kissed her . PERSON looked at PERSON and smiled . They walked away being together .	My first real kiss was in sixth grade . Our middle school band went on a trip to an amusement park . My boyfriend met me at the park . On one of the rides , he leaned over and kissed me ! I was excited because I really liked him .	PERSON met the girl he had a crush on in the woods . They found a hollowed out tree stump and squeezed in . Fearfully , trembling , they kissed for the first time . That kiss led to dating and marriage . PERSON and his wife look back on their first kiss fondly .	PERSON was in eighth grade . She was at her very first house party . The kids started playing spin the bottle . PERSON 's bottle landed on her crush ! Excited , she leaned in for her very first kiss .	PERSON was playing spin the bottle and the girl he liked was playing to . PERSON really wanted the bottle to spin to her . It was PERSON turn to spin the bottle . He spin the bottle and it landed on her . PERSON was glad to have his first kiss be with the girl he liked .
basketball	PERSON thought it was a great day to play outside with his friends . They decided to play basketball . They met at the park . When they got there , it began to rain . They went to PERSON 's house and play video games instead .	PERSON thought he was a great basketball player . His best friend challenged him to a game . PERSON played a great game . His best friend played better . PERSON lost the game .	PERSON was looking forward to his thirteenth birthday . He was pleasantly surprised with many gifts . His favorite gift was a full size basketball goal . It fit perfectly on the driveway to their home . PERSON went on to play basketball professionally .	I got injured during basketball practice . I was running down the court with the ball . Another player ran into me at top speed . She had a dent in her forehead from the impact . My jaw was pushed into my ear canal .	PERSON loved the game of basketball . PERSON played every day . PERSON even played during school . PERSON 's grades slipped . PERSON was then kicked off the basketball team .
leftovers	PERSON had leftover pizza in his refrigerator . But he was n't sure if it was still safe to eat . The thought of throwing it away made him feel guilty . So he decided to finish it all for dinner . After having a terrible headache , Do n't regret eating the leftovers .	PERSON had not cooked lately . She got off of work and found leftovers . She opened the container to cook them . She realized that the food was rotten . PERSON decided to clean out her fridge .	PERSON brought leftovers home from dinner . His roommate was hungry late at night . He saw the leftovers in the fridge and ate them . The next morning PERSON was furious . The roommate had to buy him another meal .	PERSON refused to eat the deer her mother made for dinner . But it was 11PM and she was starving . She searched the refrigerator for something to eat . The leftover deer smelled , and looked tasty . PERSON shoved some in her mouth , and ran to her room .	PERSON was really hungry at night . He did n't want to cook anything new . He found some leftovers from a restaurant . They were a few days old but PERSON heated them up anyway . They tasted better than expected .
goal	PERSON had no idea what to do with his life . He was finishing high school and knew he had to decide fast . Then his dad invited him to join the family law firm . PERSON decided that law school sounded pretty agreeable . He was relieved to have a plan and a goal now !	I was having difficulty reaching my work goal . No matter how hard I tried , there just was n't much to do . I worked late into the night . I took on extra jobs for less wages . Eventually I made enough money to get by .	I watched the movie Goal yesterday . It is about a young soccer player who makes it to the BPL . The movie inspired my friends and I to play soccer . We ended up playing for three hours . It was fun , and I hope we do it again .	PERSON had the soccer ball . He ran fast with it . The other team could n't catch him . He shot the ball . He scored .	PERSON was playing football . She scored a goal . The other teammates lifted her into the air . She was too heavy , and they fell over . They all laughed .
peanut allergy	PERSON was at a restaurant . He told them about his peanut allergy . They assured him it would not be an issue . PERSON ordered his food without care . The staff was right in that he ran into no issues .	PERSON and PERSON are identical twins . PERSON loves to eat peanut butter but PERSON is highly allergic to it . One day their mom handed PERSON PERSON 's lunch bag by mistake . As soon as PERSON tasted the peanut butter she ran the nurse 's office . PERSON was treated with an epipen and sent home early that day .	PERSON had just started her new job at the fudge counter of a store . Her coworker told her not to give samples to children . But when a small boy came begging , PERSON could n't resist . She did n't see what harm could be caused by giving him a tiny piece ! When she noticed him covered in hives later , she realized her error .	PERSON was allergic to peanuts . He went to birthday party . The cake had a peanut butter filling . PERSON did n't eat any of the cake . The host brought PERSON a serving of ice cream instead .	PERSON loved peanuts . He ate a jar of peanut butter . He started itching . PERSON did n't know he was allergic to peanuts . PERSON died .
news	PERSON was an amateur news videographer . He filmed many news events . The news station rejected his film because of his low quality camera . PERSON bought a high quality video camera . The news station happily paid for his high quality film .	PERSON led the school 's AV club . She wanted to be a film producer . After talking to the principal , she had a great way to start . She was allowed to film and broadcast the morning announcements ! PERSON 's very first show was the school news !	PERSON decided he wanted to stay up to date on current events . He deliberated about which news source was the best . He carefully examined many sources . He found many he liked and disliked . John soon found reddit and preferred this site to any other .	The man read his newspaper . There was nothing interesting on the front page . He found the comic strips . The comic strips made him laugh . He had enjoyed his time with this newspaper .	My mom missed her daily half hour of news . She watches it daily and got really upset that she missed it . I had tried to record it for her but was n't successful ! I told her she could watch it later in the day online . She was very happy that she was able to watch it .
broken ride	PERSON went to the fair with her boyfriend . They decided to go on the scariest ride . But the scariest part of all was when the ride broke down . PERSON could n't not believe it . She freaked out and started to cry and could not believe her luck .	PERSON was excited to go to the amusement park . He wanted to go on one specific ride . Unfortunately it was being fixed at the time . PERSON was disappointed . He went on other rides but it was n't the same .	PERSON and PERSON spent a day at the amusement park . PERSON wanted to ride the new roller coaster . While in line , they were told the ride had broken . The announcer said they could continue to wait or come back . PERSON and PERSON decided to leave and come back later that evening .	PERSON was at a poor carnival . He got on an old ride . The ride broke in the middle of it . PERSON was stuck for hours . They only gave him a partial refund .	PERSON went to the local fair . She went on the first ride she saw . She thought it would be safe . But all of the sudden the brakes failed . PERSON ended up falling out .
apple	PERSON entered the classroom along with the rest of her classmates . The teacher asked the class to turn in last night 's homework . PERSON pretended not to hear . The teacher repeated herself , noting PERSON 's absent homework . Instead , PERSON brought the teacher an apple with a hopeful smile .	PERSON was tired of the poor quality of apples at her local store . PERSON instead bought an apple tree at her local greenhouse . PERSON took the tree home and planted it . PERSON took care of the tree over several months . PERSON picked her first apple of the tree and enjoyed the sweet taste .	PERSON loved to eat apples . She even liked to pick apples . One day she decided to visit an apple farm . PERSON picked hundreds of apples . Now , PERSON has a lot of apples to eat .	The woman bought an apple . She bit into the apple . There was a worm inside . She spit out the apple . She returned the apple for a refund .	PERSON picked an apple from the tree . She was hungry and wanted a snack . But when she bit into it , her face twisted . She had bitten right into a slimy worm ! PERSON spit it out , disgusted .
trouble sleeping	Baylor had been having nightmares . He had n't been sleeping much . Baylor 's parents decided to bring him to the doctor . The doctor gave him a mild sleep aid . LOCATION was able to sleep again .	PERSON could n't sleep . She had watched a scary movie that night . PERSON decided to read a book instead . She read for a couple hours . PERSON finally fell asleep sleeping .	PERSON was having trouble sleeping . She went to the doctor . The doctor recommended exercising in the evening . PERSON began exercising at night . She fell asleep more easily .	PERSON could n't fall asleep one night . He tried all the regular remedies . Eventually he took sleeping pills . It was too late at night , though . PERSON felt sleepy throughout the next day .	PERSON could n't fall asleep one night . He tried different things . Eventually he decided to just stay up . The next night he was tired and fell asleep early . It helped reset his sleep schedule .
the proposal	PERSON and PERSON had been together for a year . One weekend , PERSON took PERSON on a surprise vacation . They did many different things and had a great time . Then one night at dinner , PERSON got down on one knee . He proposed and PERSON said yes .	PERSON told me about her proposal . Her boyfriend had caught her off guard at the game . She turned around and saw him on one knee . She was completely surprised . She said yes .	PERSON proposed to PERSON last night . She was at a party with a bunch of their friends . He got down on one knee in front of everyone . She started to cry . It was a total surprise .	PERSON sat at her breakfast table drinking coffee and eating waffles . Her cell phone rang . It was her boyfriend . He asked would she marry him and she said yes . He admitted he was scared to ask her in person and she screamed .	PERSON loved PERSON with all of his heart . They had been together for a year . On the day of their anniversary , he took her to dinner . After dessert he proposed to her with a beautiful ring . She happily said yes .
the buffet	Eddie was eating at an all you can eat buffet . He had been there for four hours . He had eaten more than what was reasonable . The manager approached PERSON . He was forced to leave .	PERSON loved to eat . He went to a local buffet and decided he would eat as much as possible . He stuffed his face for over an hour . When it was time to leave , he could hardly stand up . PERSON had definitely gotten his money 's worth .	PERSON was ready to eat at the buffet . He ate as much food as possible . Then he went back for more . When he left , his stomach hurt really bad . He learned to never eat like that again .	PERSON was going an all you can eat buffet . Her mother told her to pace herself otherwise she could get sick . PERSON ate a plate of the things her mother told her to get . Then she returned for desserts . After her 5th dessert she was so sick she could n't walk .	One night PERSON and her family went out to a buffet restaurant . PERSON got macaroni and cheese . They talked to each other as they ate . Then they all went home . Everyone had a fun night .
pizza party	Our field trip to Pizza Hut was a lot of fun . We were allowed in the kitchen , where we were shown how to make pizza . We each made our own pizzas to cook in the oven . Since we were little , we were n't allowed to use the ovens ourselves . We ate in the dining room before going back to school .	PERSON was having a pizza party for his birthday . He had all his friends over . They played games and opened presents . The time for the pizza was near . But him and all his friends had fallen asleep .	I got a lot of my friends together . We decided to have a pizza party . We laid out all the ingredients and got to work . All of the sudden we remembered something . We burnt the pizzas .	PERSON was a pizza delivery man . One day he had to deliver 50 pizzas to a party . On the way , a cat ran in front of his car . PERSON slammed on the breaks . Some of the pizza boxes flew forward , spilling pizza on the floor .	PERSON was at a party . And someone ordered pizza and tacos . PERSON ate three slices of pizza and a large taco . And she decided to get more food . But as she approached the kitchen , people began to stare at her .
the new toy	PERSON wanted a new doll for Christmas . She showed her mother a picture of the doll she wanted . He mother told her if she was good LOCATION would bring her the doll . PERSON was on her best behavior waiting for Christmas . PERSON was so happy when she opened the gift containing the doll !	PERSON had been very well behaved this week . His mother decided he had deserved a prize . She took him to the local toy store and allowed him to get one thing . PERSON chose to get a dinosaur who roared loudly . They went home and PERSON played with his new toy all night .	It was PERSON 's birthday . She was very happy . She was getting a bunch of gifts . The one her parents got her was the best . It was the new toy she wanted .	PERSON had bought a toy for his son 's birthday . His son wanted to play with the toy . PERSON realized the toy needed batteries . PERSON went to the store and bought the batteries . His son was excited to play with the new toy .	PERSON saw a commercial for a new toy . He wanted the new toy very much . He asked his mom if she would buy it for him . His mom agreed and took him to the store . But PERSON was sad to see that it was sold out .
clowning around	PERSON went over to her friend 's house for a sleepover . They watched movies , ate pizza , and had a lot of fun . PERSON had trouble sleeping because of the clown in her room . She told her friend in the morning , who said there was no clown . PERSON is now seeing a therapist .	PERSON was the opening act for a local circus in my town . She sang the National Anthem to start the show . PERSON , who was a clown in the circus , loved PERSON 's voice . One night PERSON asked PERSON out on a date . Poor PERSON did n't realize that PERSON was already married !	PERSON is afraid of clowns . Even though he is 50 he still screams when he sees one . His family and friends always joke with him about it . He does n't take their kidding to heart . He will be scared of clowns the rest of his life .	PERSON watched the clown bump his way through the crowd . He 'd always found clowns to be very scary . This one seemed to be funny , as well as slightly drunk . The clown elbowed PERSON as he went by . Minutes later , PERSON realized the clown had stolen his phone .	PERSON decided to go on the fair on Saturday . However , she hates clowns . To PERSON 's dismay , there was a clown convention that day . By 4:00 PM , she could not take it anymore . Needless to say , PERSON wo n't be going to that fair again .
the mirror	PERSON ordered a new mirror . When it arrived it was the perfect size . Before she could hang it , she dropped it . It shattered into a million pieces . PERSON is now going to have bad luck .	I needed a new mirror for the vanity in my room . My friend was moving and said I could have their old one . I just had to go and pick it up . I went and got it and was excited to check it out . Unfortunately on the way into my house I dropped it and it shattered .	The woman was primping . She looked at her reflection in the mirror . She decided she liked her outfit a lot . She added some jewelry and pulled her hair back . She checked her appearance in the mirror one more time .	PERSON renovated his bathroom . He found a big , beautiful vanity mirror . He hung it carefully over the sink . As soon as he stepped away , it crashed to the floor . The mirror was ruined !	PERSON was moving into a new house . He was moving a heavy mirror . It fell and shattered . PERSON thought he was going to have bad luck now . He wondered if this new house was a good decision .
the gun	PERSON bought something for his hunting trip . It was a new gun . He was eager to test it out . He saw an elk grazing in the field . He raised his gun to shoot it for the first time .	PERSON found a robber in his house . He decided to get a gun for protection . He did n't know anything about guns , but he did n't care . That night , he heard a noise . He shot into the darkness and ended up hitting his cat .	PERSON kept a loaded gun in his house for protection . He hid it in his bedroom . One day , his two sons found the gun . They decided to play with it . One son accidentally shot the other son .	PERSON 's house was robbed in the middle of the night . PERSON decided he needed to protect himself . PERSON decided to buy a gun from the black market . Eventually , a robber tried to rob PERSON 's house again . PERSON shot the robber but was arrested for illegal possession .	PERSON was going hunting . He packed his camo clothes and his pack . He walked out into the woods . He spotted a huge elk ! Then PERSON realized he 'd forgotten his gun !
winning	I was in plays my entire young adult life . I wanted to become a big star . I practiced acting all the time . I was great on stage . But I never won any awards and gave up my dreams .	PERSON was a veteran professional basketball player He played for losing teams his entire career . For his last season he switched teams . His new team won the NBA championship . PERSON was very happy to have finally won a championship .	A man pulled the handle on the slot machine . The reels came to a stop . The machine lit up and made a lot of noise . Coins began to drop from the machine . The man jumped for joy .	PERSON was happy she proved her mom wrong . She ate cereal instead of dinner to be spiteful . Her mother refused to acknowledge this . She called PERSON to dinner when it was time . PERSON yelled as her mother insisted she sit and eat with the family .	PERSON wanted to form a team . We were hesitant at first . Decided to join and had a blast . We won every game and celebrated . Ended up going out as a team afterwards !
reading	PERSON wanted to read a book . He knew he did not have time for it . He cancelled his obligations . He read very fast to finish the book . PERSON read and finished the book .	Last night I was reading on my Kindle . I was sitting on an office chair looking down . My wife asked if I wanted to go to bed . She thought I was asleep , looking down . I said I was reading but might as well go to bed .	PERSON read a book that changed his life . He began voraciously reading after this . He learn he can live a thousand lives by reading a thousand books . He soaked up a lot of wisdom . He grew as a person , and became fulfilled and happy .	Will enjoyed reading . Will read books every day . One afternoon , will discovered he could write books . PERSON wrote a book about his life of reading . The book inspired many kids to read more .	When I was a kid I had a lot of free time . I used most of the time to read books . Looking back , I read so many pages . Now I do n't have any time to read books . However I plan to start reading more .
PERSON 's new bike	PERSON wanted a new bike so he could ride with his friends . He did n't have enough money to buy one . PERSON set up a lemonade stand with help from his dad . He made enough money to buy a bike . He rode with his friends every day !	When PERSON was six , she got a red bicycle . PERSON could n't wait to ride it . On her first ride , she rammed the bike straight into the garage door . PERSON was so worried that she had damaged her bike . Luckily , both PERSON and her bike were unscathed from the impact .	PERSON recently bought a mountain bike . He has been looking for one for the past two months . He has been riding it every day for at least an hour . PERSON takes good care of his bike so it does n't fail on him . PERSON plans on buying a better bike in the future .	PERSON had finally saved up enough for a bike . He stopped at the nearest shop on his way home from work . The shop owner was in so PERSON asked for help picking a bike . After testing out a handful of models , he settled on a racing bike . Now , he 'll be able to ride in a triathlon like he always wanted .	PERSON really wanted a new bike that he saw on ebay . He saved up for months to afford the bike . Finally he had enough and he put in the order for the bike . The bike arrived , but something was off the box was so small . In the end he realized that it was n't a real bike he bought but a toy .
PERSON leaves	PERSON is a man who has 5 kids . PERSON starts arguing with his wife one day . PERSON got so upset he promised to leave his wife . So that 's what PERSON did . He left his children and wife .	I lived by PERSON for six Year 's . She was the most beautiful girl in the world to me . All the boys on my block had a crush on her . One day , I get the courage to ask her out . I go to her door to ask her , and I 'm told she left to college	PERSON has three children . PERSON is n't happy with life . He makes a choice . He leaves his kids . He moves away from them never to be seen again .	PERSON 's dad had been fighting his oldest son . He had pushed his dad , and they began to rumble . PERSON walked out the door and slammed it behind him . His dad followed him out yelling the whole time . PERSON sat on the couch unable to believe what she was seeing .	PERSON hates his job . Today at work he just wants to quit . He sits at his desk feeling beat down and angry . At lunch he thinks about his situation . When PERSON returns from lunch he decides to leave his job .
PERSON 's sandwich	PERSON made a sandwich for lunch . She left it on her counter at home . When lunch arrived PERSON realized she forgot her food . She went out for lunch . When she got home she had to throw the sandwich .	PERSON decided to make a sandwich . He got the bread and bologna and cheese . He started to make the sandwich but forgot the mayo , so he got that . He put the bologna and cheese and mayo between two pieces of bread . PERSON ate his sandwich .	PERSON decides on Subway for lunch . PERSON orders a melt . He loves extra bacon . The employee snubs him with only one piece . PERSON files a complaint about the worker .	Jan wanted to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich . She took out the peanut butter , jelly , and bread . She spread the peanut butter and jelly evenly on her bread . Then she put both of the pieces together . When she finished making it , PERSON sat down and at her sandwich .	PERSON saw his brother PERSON eating a peanut butter and banana sandwich . He thought it was the grossest thing he ever saw . PERSON told PERSON to try it himself , but PERSON refused . After many weeks , PERSON reluctantly agreed to take a bite . PERSON now eats peanut butter and banana sandwiches every week .
broken television	PERSON was watching television one day . He heard a loud pop and saw smoke coming out of it . The repairs to fix it were really expensive . PERSON realized it would be cheaper to just buy a new television . He got a bigger screen and more recent technology .	PERSON was playing video games . She got too excited and threw her remote . It hit the television and broke the screen . PERSON got in trouble and had to replace it . She bought a new one that weekend .	PERSON liked to twirl her baton in the house . She had been told not to do it in the house . One day PERSON twirled her baton right into the television . The television screen was smashed into pieces . PERSON had to pay for new television for the family .	Last night I was trying to watch television . I was flipping through channels and everything was fine . However to my dismay I saw a black screen . The tv was broken . Thankfully the next day it worked again .	PERSON bought a television a while back . It broke after he could return it to the store . PERSON called the company . It was still under warranty and they offered a way to fix it . It was n't the best option but PERSON agreed .
making dinner	I asked to help PERSON with dinner tonight . I helped make meat balls . I ground the meat with my hands . It was squishy and fun ! I made such a big mess I had to take a bath !	PERSON and her grandma were going to cook dinner together . Grandma wanted to make salmon croquettes . PERSON measured out and poured the ingredients into the bowl . She mixed it all together with her hands . PERSON felt like a big help as she watched grandma fry the croquettes .	Jarred loved to cook . He really loved cooking for people as well . He was cooking for his family tonight . He worked long and hard to make a great meal . Everyone loved it and had seconds .	Growing up my parents always made or bought me dinner . I never had to cook for myself . Now I 'm moving in with my girlfriend . She works during the day and expects me to cook for us . I have been quietly learning recipes online during each day .	PERSON never knew how to cook . He just recently started living on his own . He tried to cook dinner for the first time . He did better than he expected . It motivated him to cook more .
daycare	Little PERSON was scared to go to daycare . Her mother told her it would be fun . Little PERSON cried when her mom left her . Little PERSON soon made friends . Little PERSON loves going to daycare now .	Eddie and PERSON pulled up to the daycare . It was their first time dropping off their daughter there . As they walked up to the building , PERSON began to get emotional . She teared up and sniffled . Eddie rolled his eyes .	PERSON dropped off her son at daycare . One of the workers told her the center was closing . PERSON would have ten days to find a new daycare . PERSON could n't find anything in her price range . She had to quit her job to care for her son .	When her baby was three months old , PERSON had to go back to work . She brought the baby to daycare . That evening , she went into the daycare center . She found her baby pushed into the corner , wet and dirty . Joy quit her job and became a stay at home mom .	PERSON loves kids and has three of her own . She is a stay at home mom who runs a daycare in her house . Her husband was a little nervous about money when PERSON quit . Then he noticed that PERSON makes even more from this daycare . PERSON has started a pretty good little business .
PERSON quits smoking	PERSON decided that he wanted to live a healthier life . His first step was to quit smoking . PERSON threw away his cigarettes . The first week was the hardest . PERSON was able to quit smoking for good .	PERSON wanted to quit smoking . She hated the way her clothes smelled all the time . She threw out all her ashtrays and lighters . She bought nicotine gum from the store . PERSON was able to successfully quit after 5 Years of smoking .	PERSON knew that his smoking was a nasty habit . He decided to do something about it . PERSON talked to his doctor about possible ways to quit . He was prescribed medicine to help kick the habit . PERSON is now 6 months smoke free .	PERSON loves smoking cigarettes but he knows they are unhealthy . He decides he needs to quit smoking . At first PERSON has headaches when he does n't smoke . However , eventually he can go a day without smoking and feel OK . PERSON is very proud that he has successfully quit smoking .	PERSON smoked cigarettes every day . Her friends all told her that it was unhealthy . Eventually PERSON decided she wanted to quit . She went to doctor and was prescribed special nicotine gum . PERSON eventually quit , and she very was proud of herself .
braces	PERSON drove to the orthodontist for his appointment . The front desk workers directed him to a room . The orthodontist prepared him for his operation . He gave PERSON several medications . After the operation , PERSON had his braces installed .	PERSON could not afford braces as a child . As an adult , his crooked teeth bothered him . He saved his wages for months . then he went to get his braces put on . Finally , after many years , PERSON had a straight smile !	PERSON wore braces . She did not like them . When she left the company of her parents she removed rubber bands . She was happy about this . When her parents found out , they became upset .	PERSON dreaded going back to school because she had new braces . She practiced ways to cover her mouth so no one would notice . PERSON kept her mouth tightly closed riding the bus to school . She entered her class and took a seat in the back . Then a classmate turned and smiled with a mouthful of braces .	I had crooked teeth when I was 12 . My dentist suggested I get braces . The orthodontist put the new braces on . The wait to see the final product was long . I was delighted with my new smile in the end though .
high dive	After watching the Olympics , PERSON wanted to try high diving . But his pool did n't have a high enough diving board . So he climbed on top of his roof and jumped into his pool . But when he landed in the water , it was really painful . PERSON decided not to try anything he sees on TV anymore .	PERSON was afraid of heights . The pool party he was going to featured a high dive . PERSON gathered up his courage . He climbed the ladder . He bravely jumped in .	PERSON looked at the high dive of his community pool with interest . He walked towards it , planning on jumping off it today . As he got closer the high dive looked much higher . PERSON put one hand on the ladder and had instant regrets . PERSON let go of the ladder and cursed his cowardice .	PERSON went with a group to the community pool . His friends wanted to try the high dive . PERSON was nervous because the diving board was really high . He climbed up and took a deep breath . PERSON jumped in and did a fantastic cannonball .	PERSON climbed the ladder to the top of the platform . Once at the top , she peered cautiously over the edge . The height seemed much greater than it had from the ground . She considered climbing back down . Instead , she got up her courage and jumped into the water below .
family time	The PERSON family went to LOCATION on vacation . Little PERSON PERSON wandered into a marketplace . The whole family looked around for hours . When they finally contacted authorities PERSON was gone two hours . PERSON was found later that night in a gypsy tent outside of town .	PERSON wanted more family time . So he wrote a message on the family 's white board . The whole family read it and wanted to make PERSON happy . So they scheduled family time . They will be playing a board game at 6pm on Friday night .	The PERSON 's family used to go to the park a lot . They have n't been there in 2 months ! So they decided they would go this weekend and have a picnic . Saturday came along , and the Becks were excited . But , it started to rain really bad , and they ca n't go to the park .	The yearly family reunion for the PERSON family was very soon . Everybody always looked forward to the gathering . They usually had the reunion in a park with lots of room . The weather was beautiful for the reunion . Everybody enjoyed catching up and spending time together .	PERSON got laid off his job . He struggled to find work . He decided to become a stay at home dad . He really loved the time with his kids . He loves the new family time .
the award	Every year Crystal 's company gave out an Employee of the Year award . Crystal wanted that award . She worked hard all year to get nominated . At the ceremony , she nervously waited for them to announce the winner . Crystal thanked her whole department when she got the award .	PERSON heard a knock on his office door . His boss entered and handed him an award . He said it was for being the top salesman for the year . PERSON was honored . He put the award on a shelf above his desk .	PERSON won an award from school . He did not miss one day of school his whole high school career . They said no one had ever done that before . He was pretty proud of himself . He said he was going to frame the award .	PERSON was at a local community benefit . She was clapping for some people being honored for humanitarianism . Suddenly she was surprised to hear her name called . She learned that her award was for excellent teaching skills . She proudly accepted it and thanked everyone .	PERSON was being honored by the academy . He was getting an award for being the newcomer of the year . PERSON accepted the award in front of the crowd . They all clapped after he spoke . PERSON felt very honored .
robot	PERSON decided he wanted to make a robot . He worked for many months to get it just right . Once finished , he wanted to show it off . PERSON took the robot to school to show his friends and teachers . When he turned the robot on , it exploded in flames .	PERSON 's friends all called him a computer geek , which was true . PERSON spent all his free time trying to design robots and computers . But when he turned 16 , he actually achieved his goal ! He built a rudimentary robot that swept his floor ! It was n't much , but PERSON knew it was a step in the right direction !	Miles is really interested in robotics . He decided to join his school 's robotics club . Since he never shared his hobby with his peers before , he was nervous . He spent a day with them over the weekend . He realized he has much more fun sharing his hobby with others .	Little PERSON wore a costume of Cardboard and Foil . He announced to everyone on the street that he was a robot . This was n't getting the reaction he wanted . He saw the mailman approach and decided to scare him . However , the mailman just slid the mail into PERSON 's mouth hole .	KC wanted to become an engineer . His dream was to build and design robots . He entered college courses related to his goal . At first , he found the material to be quite difficult . He pushed through and eventually earned his degree .
christmas day	PERSON could n't wait until Christmas . She saw the tree with all the gifts under it . On Christmas morning she went down to open gifts . She opened the biggest box first . It was exactly what she wanted !	The kids could n't sleep the night before . They stayed awake all through the night . Finally , as dawn broke , they woke their parents up . They ran downstairs to eagerly open presents . LOCATION had been kind to them this year .	I awoke full of energy . I went to window and could see it was snowing . In my excitement I opened it wide and stuck my head out . My mother came in yelling at me to shut it . She said she already laid out my snow clothes and I should go play .	PERSON was looking forward to her family coming for Christmas . PERSON decided to have a Christmas dinner with her family . PERSON decided it was best to have the food catered . Once the family arrived , PERSON showed the family the food . PERSON 's family loved the Christmas dinner that was catered for them .	Melody and PERSON bounded excitedly down the stairs on Christmas Day . Mom and dad followed with huge smiles on their faces . LOCATION had paid a visit , the tree was loaded with gifts under it . The children played endlessly all day long with their new toys . Mom tucked them in bed with prayers for a new year about to begin .
too spicy	PERSON was eating tacos with salsa . A friend wanted to try them . PERSON told him they were too spicy . The friend took a bite anyway . Within seconds the friend was crying and chugging water .	PERSON was curious about food . So she added some hot sauce to her meal . It was so spicy . Her mouth was on fire . So she had to drink a liter of water until it felt better .	PERSON was at a wing place . He tried to get the spicy ones . He got a small order to try them out . One wing had him in tears . He liked the flavor but could n't eat more .	PERSON bought some wing sauce . It was very spicy . It was so spicy she could n't stand it . PERSON had to return it . She nearly had a heartattack .	My friend brought this large bag of chips . I opened the bag and started to eat a few . They were food at first until the spice started to take effect . I ran to the closest water fountain since my mouth was burning . My friend took the bag away from me .
missing cat	We had a cat when I was growing up . One day he escaped out of the window . We put up posters asking for tips . Someone called saying they had seen our cat in their yard . We went to their house and found the cat nearby .	Once there was a cat named PERSON . He was adventurous and would often sneak out of the house . One day , PERSON went missing . His owner looked for him everywhere . Two weeks later , PERSON came back and they were happily reunited .	I could not find my cat . I looked all over my house for him . When I could n't find him , I started crying . As I cried , something rubbed against my leg . It was my cat !	The PERSON family could n't find their cat anywhere . They did n't think she could have gotten outside . They searched and searched , calling for her . The youngest son sat crying in front of the Christmas tree . The he noticed her sleeping high up in the tree !	Yesterday I lost my cat PERSON . He was the cutest cat in the world . He loved to snuggle and purr all the time . I look for him every day in my neighborhood . I was looking for him today and I found him sleeping in a bush .
baking	PERSON loves to cook . She often tries different meals from recipes she reads about . One day she decided to try baking . She discovered she was very good at it . PERSON now bakes for a living .	Young PERSON had always loved watching her grandmother bake . She loved the wonderful sights and smells of the food being made . One day she decided to make cookies all by herself . But when she was finished , the cookies were burnt and misshapen . In spite of that , PERSON was determined she would learn to bake .	PERSON was making a cake for her mom 's birthday . She accidently put baking powder instead of flour . The cake overflowed in the oven and made a mess . PERSON did n't know what to do , so she decided to make cookies instead . PERSON 's loved the cookies .	PERSON wanted to bake a cake . He did n't know how to bake a cake . He found a recipe on the internet PERSON went to the store to find the ingredients . PERSON baked his first cake .	I decided to bake some bread . First , I put all the ingredients together . After that , I let the dough rise . Finally , I baked the dough into bread . The bread came out delicious !
onions	PERSON hated onions . His mother tried to get him to eat them . He would spit them out . One day she grilled them with peppers . PERSON tried it and loved onions from then on .	Our neighbor PERSON is a hunter . We all live in the city . One day we were walking on the grass near our building . PERSON pulled up what we thought was grass . We were amazed that they were wild onions .	PERSON wanted to grow onions . She planted the seeds in her garden . But months passed and no onions grew ! Then PERSON 's mom told her the onions grow underground . PERSON dug in the soil and found dozens of onions !	PERSON got engaged and her fiance 's parents threw her a party . PERSON told her his mom 's signature dish was French onion soup . PERSON hated onions , but knew it would be rude to not eat . She tried some onion dishes at home , but still hated them all . At the party , she told PERSON 's mom she was allergic and all was fine .	Kia 's family loved onions , but they were almost out , and broke ! She worried - they ate onion with every meal ! Then she decided on a solution - she minced the last onion . Chopped so finely , it spread out better and lasted longer . Kia made that one onion last them for a whole week !
PERSON buys a car	PERSON was having trouble with his old car . He knew it would soon be time to get a new one . PERSON decides enough is enough . He heads down to the dealership to pick a car out . He finds the Mustang of his dreams and buys it .	Frank needs a new car . His old one is junk . Frank goes to the dealership . He picks out a red car . PERSON is happy he bought a new car .	PERSON was in need of his first car . He had saved all his money from working . PERSON went to the dealership . He saw a blue car he just had to have . PERSON ended up buying his brand new blue car .	PERSON was looking for a new car . She was n't very rich . She decided to try a local dealer . The dealer worked with PERSON . PERSON bought a new car .	Teddy was looking for a new car . He decided to head to the dealership . He wanted to pick out the best one for him . He chose the ford mustang . PERSON was so happy with his new car .
the musical	PERSON loved going to drama class . She had auditioned for the spring musical and felt she did well . When the cast was announced , she was left disappointed . Her parents encouraged her to do her best regardless . At the end of the show , she was awarded best supporting act .	PERSON was all dressed up . She was going to her first musical . She got to sit in the front row . She watched each song being performed . When it was over , she stood and clapped .	PERSON had been moved to tears . The songs in the musical were so powerful and amazing . She had seen this musical five times and each time was more special . She sang along in her head as she knew all the lyrics . When it was over , she stood and clapped loudly .	The woman was really excited . She had gotten tickets to a new musical . She arranged for a babysitter and made dinner reservations . On the night of the show , she got dressed up . She could n't wait for a great night out !	PERSON had practiced for weeks . He was the star of the school musical . He wanted to make a good impression . On opening night , he nailed it . PERSON was so proud of himself !
aliens	PERSON was bored . So he decided to read scary stories online . He became absorbed in a story about alien abductions . And afterwards , he feared an aliens would abduct him . He became increasingly paranoid and barely went outside .	PERSON liked to look through his telescope . He would gaze at the planets and stars for hours . One day he thought he found a ufo . He was so excited because it was his dream come true . But he then found out it was just a piece of dirt on the lens .	A little girl saw a green light out the window . She got up and saw an alien spaceship ! Aliens walked out of the spaceship . The aliens invited the little girl to ride with them . The little girl went into space with the aliens .	I lived in a large city , which required taking the bus often . A fellow next to me chewed my ear off about aliens . He kept talking about how aliens have already landed . They are among us , he told me . He hinted that he might be one before I got off the bus .	The man something in the sky . It was some sort of flying craft . It landed nearby . The passengers walked towards the man . The man worried that they were aliens .
running shoes	PERSON wanted to get in shape . She figured running would help . She used not having the right shoes as an excuse not to start . Then she bought some good running shoes . Now she has no excuse and just feels bad .	PERSON wanted to start running again . But before he could begin to run he needs running shoes . So he went to a sports store . He found his favorite running shoes . He bought the shoes .	PERSON jogged often . She decided to get new running shoes . She got an expensive pair . They turned out to be uncomfortable . PERSON returned to her old shoes instead .	PERSON loved to run . He wanted a pair of running shoes . The pair he wanted was very expensive . PERSON waited until the store had their semi annual sale . He was able to purchase his shoes for half of the original price .	PERSON needed new running shoes . He decided to buy them himself instead of asking his mom . He saved up his money . He found his favorite pair . PERSON was glad he could buy his own shoes .
falling down	PERSON was set to run a marathon . He was a favorite to win it . At the beginning PERSON tripped and hurt himself . He was n't able to keep running . PERSON had to forfeit .	PERSON was drunk at a party . He tried looking for the bathroom upstairs . On the last step he tripped . PERSON rolled all the way down the stairs . He was seriously injured and had to be taken to a hospital .	Some friends and I were drinking in the yard . After a while my girlfriend came by and shouted at us . She told me to come inside but I chose to stay and drink . Very early the next morning she banged pans over my head . I still cringe thinking about the mistake that got me such a headache .	PERSON was home alone . He heard a noise outside . PERSON went outside to see what the noise was . It was dark and he tripped . No one was around to help PERSON up .	PERSON was an avid skateboarder . One day his buddies were making challenges . PERSON was challenged to do a trick with the board on some steps . PERSON tried the trick , falling flat on his face . His buddies laughed loudly , saying they got the fall on video !
the dancer	When I was a boy I wanted to dance , but my dad wanted no part in it . He was a man 's man , loved football and only wanted that for me . I played football , but I danced in secret at night . One day , my dad saw me dancing and he cried ; I thought he was mad . But he was n't mad , he was simply happy that I was happy dancing !	PERSON was a world-famous dancer . He regularly travelled the world dancing for large audiences . One day he realized he was getting too old to continue dancing . PERSON decided his next performance would be his last . After his final performance , everyone cheered loudly for him .	PERSON loved music and dancing . She was a dancer with a local ballet company . She trained for her performances very seriously . PERSON did so well at her last performance that she was promoted . She became a principal dancer .	PERSON worked very hard . She was a dancer who was performing in the school talent show . She practice her routine over and over again . She was so excited to perform in front of her peers . When she took the stage , she knew she would do a great job .	PERSON loved to dance growing up . Kids would make fun of him for being a dancer and a boy . PERSON did n't care because he knew he loved it . He went to a dance school for college . PERSON became a famous dancer .
haircut	My hair is really long and I got pretty annoyed with it . One day I went to the mall and found a place to get it cut . I told them I just wanted it trimmed so they started working on it . After the haircut I decided that it looked great and tipped her well . It was a very cheap haircut and I was very pleased with it .	PERSON scheduled a haircut before her big date . She wanted her hair to look nice for the event . Her stylist cut her hair , but made a mistake ! The haircut looked awful . PERSON had to reschedule her big date .	PERSON decided that she wanted to cut her hair . She woke up early one day and headed to the nearest salon . Once there , the owner asked her what sort of look she wanted . PERSON showed her a picture out of a magazine . After the owner was finished , PERSON marveled at her new hair .	My brother needed a haircut . He went to the barbershop . The barber asked him how short he wanted it . My brother said very short . The barber cut his hair to perfection .	PERSON thought her hair was too long . She went to the hairdresser . She decided to get a pixie cut . She was nervous that the pixie cut would not look good on her . PERSON got lots of compliments on her haircut the next day .
comics	PERSON loved to read comics . He would read many every day . One day , he walked into a comic store . He stayed for hours and finally found a new comic . PERSON was able to purchase the comic and read it .	The man collected comics . He kept them in a garage . The garage flooded . Some of the comics were ruined . The man replaced the ruined comics .	PERSON wanted to go buy some new comics . He searched around for good comic stores in his town . He unfortunately could n't find any stores . He asked me if I know of any , and I gave him one . He went the next day and bought his comics .	PERSON wanted to write comic strips with a nice message . PERSON set to work sketching characters and stories . PERSON ' characters were beloved almost immediately . PERSON used his characters to promote kindness and goodwill . PERSON was very happy with his lot in life .	PERSON loved comic books . He read them all the time as a kid . He had a large collection of them . One day he decided to sell his collection . It ended up being over $ 5000 .
house	There was a man buying a house . It was his first home purchase so he was nervous . He wanted to make sure it was n't in bad shape . His friend teddy said he should hire a home inspector . He was very glad he hired one because he found lots of issues .	A flash of lightning illuminated the decaying house . Qora jumped into the air , but kept moving up the stairs . She looked back over her shoulder at her friends , encouraging her . PERSON got to the front door and kicked it as hard as she could . She then ran quickly from the house , certain ghosts were on her heels .	PERSON had been working on building a home for a month now . He had all the plans drawn out and the measurements all taken . Now all that was left was simply hiring someone to do the job for him . He looked in the papers and online for the best person to do the job . Once he had someone in mind he called them and set up an appointment .	PERSON was looking for a comfortable home . Riding in and around all communities . PERSON had a certain budget to stay in . PERSON found a split level , patio , deck and lovely yard areas . The lovely peach and green house with rose bushes on both sides .	A family decided to move . They packed everything up . They got in the moving truck . They drove across the country . They loved their new home !
the book	PERSON wanted his autobiography to be written . He hired PERSON to write the book . After months of hard work , PERSON produced a wonderfully-written book . The book was a best-seller . PERSON told everyone he himself had written the book .	PERSON 's mother passed away after suffering for years from cancer . While packing up her home , he found an old , worn book . There was no writing on the brown , leather cover . He debated on whether he should open it or not . When he did , he found memories his mom share of their time together .	PERSON loved to read . He bought a new book to read at night . He got so into the book that he read for hours . When PERSON finished the book , he looked for a sequel . This was his new favorite author !	One day PERSON decided to write a book . She sat down at her desk and pulled out her notebook and pen . She began to write the first page but her hand started to hurt . She realized she needed to write the book on her computer . She grabbed her laptop and wrote the first few chapters of her book .	PERSON loaned a book to a friend . His friend spilled juice on it . PERSON was angry at his friend . PERSON 's friend bought him a new book . PERSON was grateful to have a good friend .
apple tree	PERSON was going to her friends house to play . There was an apple on the sidewalk . She thought it was odd for food to be outside . She looked up and realized the tree in their yard was an apple tree . She realized she had never paid much attention .	The fruit tree made it easier on the land . PERSON would always say we had a fruit tree in the yard . PERSON would go through all the aspects of having to pick apples . One day an inspector came to the house . At the end , there was no apple tree and insurance went up high .	I planted an apple tree . I watered it everyday . It grew bigger and bigger . After three years , it finally produced apples . I have all the apples I need .	PERSON 's parents bought him an apple tree . PERSON happily planted it in his backyard . PERSON took very good care of the tree . He could n't wait for his first harvest . His first bite into an apple resulted in half of a worm in his mouth .	A little boy sat under the apple tree . He saw an apple fall . He wondered why it did that . His interest soared . He studied it for years .
pumpkin carving	Sue picked a pumpkin . She wanted to carve it for Halloween . Her mom helped her make a scary face . She put a candle inside . Then she sat it outside for all to see .	PERSON was determined to carve the spookiest pumpkin for Halloween . Halloween was her favorite holiday , so she was very motivated . She planned and drew out her design . It took her a very long time , but finally she was done . Everyone agreed her pumpkin was truly the best .	Today I went to the market to buy a pumpkin to carve . I looked around the store but they only had mini pumpkins . So I drove to the farm across town . The farm had many pumpkins to choose from . I bought the biggest one I could find and took it home .	PERSON wanted to carve a really cool pumpkin . He planned to make it look like a werewolf face ! But as hard as he tried , he could n't get it to look right . Finally he just carved two eyes , a nose and a mouth . At least it was a little scary looking .	PERSON was carving pumpkins with his young kids , PERSON and Ace . PERSON cut her finger while carving her pumpkin . It was n't a bad cut , but PERSON decided not to carve any more ! Instead , PERSON gave PERSON markers and pens to draw on a scary face . PERSON 's pumpkin was the most creative of all of theirs !
the paper	PERSON had a paper due for class . She waited until the night before to do it . When she started to write her paper she was distracted by her friends . They had stopped by to hang out with her . The next day , PERSON 's paper was not done .	PERSON had been writing all day . She was writing an important paper for history class . She turned it in and felt anxious . She could n't wait to see her grade . She knew she had done a bad job on it .	PERSON 's english teacher assigned everyone a research paper . He had to pick someone he admired and write about him . PERSON 's father is a police officer . He decided to write about him . PERSON got an A on the paper .	Sue never forgot to do her homework . In fact , she always did things before they were due . Her teacher gave an assignment on Monday to write a paper . It was due on Thursday . Thursday came around and Sue completely forgot about the paper .	Our internet was down on Monday . I picked up a local newspaper to read . I had forgotten how hard it was to fold the paper . I managed to read one article before giving up . Thankfully , the internet came back on today .
lawsuit	PERSON just got out of work , so he went to Wendys . He got chili and enjoyed it in his car . He notices there is a band aid in his chili ! He runs into the store and asks for a new chili bowl . They said no , now he is considering filing a lawsuit .	I tried to buy a car from a dealer in 2000 . We signed an agreement for a car without air conditioning . The dealer backed out of the agreement . I sued the dealer in small claims court for breach of contract . The judge ruled in favor of the dealer .	My sister-in-law was having trouble paying her bills . She ignored her credit card bills . She told us they could not get blood from a stone . She was then sued in court and had to pay something . A year later she filed for bankruptcy .	PERSON was excited to get accepted into law school . His school required that male students wear a suit to class . PERSON did not have a single suit . His father was proud of PERSON for getting into law school . His father bought PERSON two nice suits that he could wear to class .	I had a stroke in the fall of 2011 . I needed a banister installed on the condo stairwell . I asked the board of trustees to install one . They said I had to pay for it . I did so , then sued and got $ 1800 in a lawsuit .
leaky roof	PERSON was cooking in the kitchen one day . Then he felt water falling on him . There was a hole in his roof ! He called a repair company quickly . They hurried out to fix PERSON 's roof .	It all started with a rain storm . PERSON walked out to the garage and saw a puddle on the floor . She looked up and noticed the ceiling was bulging . To avoid further damage , Jan lanced the bulge with a broomstick . A gush of water escaped the ceiling and drenched Jan. .	PERSON 's bought a trailer that had a shingle roof . When it rained the roof would leak pretty badly . PERSON checked his insurance policy to see if it was covered . The insurance replaced the shingle roof with a metal one . PERSON 's happy the rain does n't leak into his house any more .	PERSON was a very hand man but had a fear of heights . His roof had started leaking during a storm but PERSON could n't fix it . PERSON tried to climb a ladder after the storm to fix his roof . He got terrified halfway up and could n't go further . PERSON had to call a contractor to fix his roof for him .	It was a terrible snow storm in March . PERSON and his family were staying put . All the sudden the roof started leaking . They had to call someone . Thankfully someone came in an hour .
hiding	The man hid . The cops were searching for him . The cops could not find the man . The cops brought in a police dog to help . The dog found the man .	When I was a kid I built an igloo in the snow . I played in my igloo all day . My mom noticed I was missing . She became concerned that I was lost . Finally I went inside in the evening and she was relieved .	My niece was in an abusive relationship . Her boyfriend hit her and their three children . One day she called her mom PERSON for help . PERSON came and found them hiding in the closet . Luckily the police arrived and arrested the boyfriend .	PERSON came home one day and found a huge mess . His plants were knocked over and newspaper was everywhere , shredded . PERSON called for his dog sternly . But his dog was hiding and did not come to him . It knew it had done something bad !	PERSON was a German who lived during the 1940s . When World War II began , she pitied the Jews . She stealthily took a neighbor Jew girl into her home . PERSON hid her in the basement when the Nazis searched her house . After the war , PERSON adopted the girl as her own .
the umbrella	The forecast looked gloomy . PERSON packed an umbrella . It started raining early in the afternoon . PERSON used his umbrella to walk his co workers to their car . PERSON was always thinking of others .	Frank was walking to work one day . It began to rain . Frank had n't brought his umbrella with him . Frank got to work soaking wet . Frank started to always bring an umbrella to work .	LOCATION was walking home from school . It started raining so she pulled out her umbrella . She tried to put it up but it was broken ! LOCATION ran home in the rain . She and her broken umbrella were soaked .	PERSON was playing by the river when she noticed PERSON near by . She asked PERSON if she wanted to play . PERSON said she wanted to play by herself . PERSON thought she was just shy . PERSON smiled as PERSON shared her umbrella as it started to rain .	The sky looked very dark . PERSON packed her umbrella to be safe . An hour after she left home , the rain started pouring down . She threw up her umbrella and smiled . She was going to stay dry !
cooking competition	PERSON loved cooking . She cooked everyday . She decided she wanted to compete in a competition . So she entered into baking . She won a silver ribbon .	PERSON was excited for the cooking competition . She could not to compete . When she went to cook , she made cupcakes . When the competition was over , PERSON won . She was elated as a result .	PERSON had entered a school cooking competition . She was ready to cook her famous spaghetti dish . Somebody else had used the spaghetti before her ! PERSON had to use another pasta before she ran out of time . PERSON had only won second place without her spaghetti .	PERSON decided to be in a cooking competition . She wanted to show off her cooking skills . When she went to the competition , she made a pie . The competition was tough . Yet PERSON came out with a medal .	PERSON made the best pies around . She decided to enter into a competition . When she got there she started cooking . She won the blue ribbon . PERSON could not have been happier .
PERSON 's christmas	PERSON had always wanted a new car . She told her husband about her dream and he just smiled . PERSON knew they could n't afford it and quickly forgot about it . On Christmas morning PERSON 's husband told her to look in the garage . Right there before her eyes was a brand new car complete with a bow .	PERSON 's family decided to organize a trip to LOCATION for Christmas . His parent 's offered to pay for most of his expenses so he could go . He did n't want to leave his girlfriend all alone at , so he declined . In the months between then and the trip , PERSON 's girlfriend left him . Then , PERSON was all alone for Christmas .	It was Christmas eve . PERSON did n't have enough money for gifts . Suddenly , she heard a knock on the door . A neighbor was there . The neighbor had brought her several gifts .	It was Christmas Eve and PERSON was so excited to open his gifts . He left his LOCATION 's note by the tree , next to the cookies and milk . He told his Mom and Dad goodnight and headed for bed . He had a very hard time falling asleep , but he finally dozed off . The next morning , PERSON was able to open all of his presents .	PERSON was so excited for Christmas morning ! He woke up early and tiptoed downstairs . He found PERSON and Dad sipping cocoa and waiting for him ! They ate a delicious breakfast together , then turned to gifts . PERSON was elated to see that LOCATION had brought him everything he wanted !
the pool	PERSON did n't know how to swim . Her friends made fun of her for being unable to swim . One day , PERSON decided she had enough . She jumped into the deep end of the pool at her school . PERSON was n't bullied any more because she was dead .	The kids rode their bikes to the pool . They spread their towels out and then jumped in . They went down the water slide ten times . They swam until it was time for dinner . The kids peddled home .	PERSON was excited to go to the swimming pool . Her friend PERSON had invited her the night before . She had gathered up her goggles and beach towel . When they got to the pool , PERSON jumped right in . She thanked PERSON for inviting her for such a fun day .	Summer was winding down . The family went to the pool one more time . They went through the lazy river and went down the slides . It was great to relax in the water one more time . They could n't wait until next summer !	The kids loved to swim . They went to the pool in town . They threw their goggles on and went to jump in . The life guard stopped them . There was a problem with the chemicals and they pool was closed !
burn	Via was working over the deep fryer one day . Grease splashed up and burned her cheek . Via hurried to cover the wound and apply cream . She tended it daily for weeks . Soon it faded to a pale pink mark .	PERSON went to the beach to get a suntan . She spread out her towel and lay in the sun . But after a few minutes , she dozed off . PERSON woke up hours later to see that she 'd burned terribly . She was very angry at herself for falling asleep !	PERSON was making stir fry . Her forearm got a bad burn . She applied antibiotic cream to it . Then she covered it for a few days . Soon PERSON 's burn looked much better !	PERSON went to the beach with her friends . She forgot to apply sunscreen . When she got home , her mom gasped . She was alarmed at PERSON 's dark sunburn ! She quickly slathered PERSON in aloe lotion .	My kettle started to shoot steam into the air . I tried to take off the stove before removing the kettle . All of a sudden , the top of the kettle popped off . All of the pressurized air moved towards my hand . I ended up getting burned .
tennis lessons	PERSON just started playing tennis . She needed help with her backhand . She decided to take lessons . Her backhand finally got better . She started winning matches .	PERSON wanted desperately to be good at Tennis . He hired a trainer to help him improve his game . But the trainer was so attractive Time could n't focus around her . He blamed her and said she was a bad trainer . PERSON never did become good at Tennis .	PERSON loved playing tennis . However , she needed help with her serve . She decided to start taking lessons . Her serve got better . PERSON began winning her matches .	PERSON needed help with her tennis serve . She hired a tennis pro to help her . The pro helped improve her serve . PERSON 's serve got much better . She was able to win matches with just her serve .	PERSON started taking tennis lessons . She needed to work on her serve . She hired a tennis pro . PERSON 's serve got better . She was able to win matches much easier .
thunder storm	As I put my son to sleep it began to rain . About a half hour later the storm became for intense . Then a loud boom from thunder filled the house and the power went out . The next thing I heard was my son walking down the hall . He was frightened so I let him sleep in my bed .	A big thunderstorm rolled through a town . Little PERSON is afraid of thunder and lightning . She immediately runs to her dad . Her dad always makes her feel safe . PERSON does n't know her dad is afraid of thunder too .	PERSON was sleeping in her bed in the middle of the night . Suddenly she heard a loud crashing noise and jumped up . She looked outside wondering what the sound was . It had started storming and she heard loud thunder . PERSON was relieved and went back to sleep .	PERSON and her family were flying home from vacation in a small plane . It was dark out when the plane flew directly into thunder and wind . The passengers had to hold on tight through the rough movements . PERSON thought for sure that the plane was going to crash . When the plane landed safely everyone clapped and cheered happily .	PERSON was in a deep slumber . He suddenly awoke to the sound of a lightning strike . It was pouring outside . PERSON remembered he forgot to close his bedroom windows . He quickly closed his windows before the rain got inside .
computer problems	PERSON could not get the computer to work . No matter what he tried , nothing would come up on the monitor . He could hear the computer running . Finally he asked his dad to come take a look . His dad quickly discovered the monitor brightness was turned down .	PERSON was getting finished with a school paper on his computer . When pressing save , his computer shut off and would n't restart . He did everything he could think of but the computer did n't reboot . Finally , he had to take the computer into a repair shop . When he got it back he was crushed to see the paper did n't save .	PERSON was a cook at a restaurant . He sat in the chef computer room using the computer a lot . His chef replace his computer with a drop in laptop with a monitor . PERSON plugged the old box into the new monitor . He could now use the computer again .	I went to turn on the computer . When I turned it on , there was a blue screen . I decided to call tech support for help . When I called , they said to reboot it . I did and the computer worked like normal .	My computer was broken . I called the customer support line . I waited on hold for a long time . When I finally reached a worker , he was very helpful . I was able to have my computer fixed and running again in no time .
bread	The man baked the bread . The loaf looked perfect . He shared the load with his friends . His friends asked for the recipe . He could n't remember it .	Our daughter is coming home to LOCATION to visit . She loves sourdough bread from a local bakery . My wife ordered the bread this morning . They had only 2 loaves left . My wife is picking up the bread now .	Sinbad made pasta for dinner . He wanted to make garlic bread to go with it . He was out of garlic . He drove to the store to get some . Sinbad came back home and made garlic bread .	PERSON had bought some bread . She had n't eaten any bread since she bought it . The bread was starting to get stale . She did n't want the bread to go to waste . PERSON made a bread pudding .	My wife bought a loaf of bread on Monday . It came from a local bakery , and was very soft . Today , three days later , she found mold on the bread . I said the heat wave probably contributed to the quick growth . She bought a sandwich for lunch .
candy store	PERSON went to the candy store . He picked out a chocolate bar . He gave the clerk a dollar for the chocolate . PERSON opened the candy bar and took a big bite . PERSON chipped while eating the candy bar .	PERSON loved going to his favorite candy store . PERSON would often buy candies few times a week . PERSON eventually ran out of money . PERSON stole the candy . PERSON was caught by the owner and apologized for his behavior .	PERSON wanted to visit a candy store . He has n't been to a candy store since he was a kid . He spent time looking at all the different candies the store offered . He ended up spending fifty dollars all on candy . By the end of the week , PERSON was already sick of candy .	PERSON was new in school and wanted to make friends . PERSON told the class that her parents ran a candy store . On the playground , kids flocked around PERSON . They asked PERSON to bring them some candy . PERSON snuck into the store and grabbed candy for her friends .	PERSON was always fascinated with Candy Stores . PERSON decided he would open his own candy store . After locating a spot , PERSON signed the lease , and opened the store . PERSON loved seeing the children enjoying candy from his store . PERSON loved his candy store so much , he decided to open another store .
frustration	PERSON decided to go on a short run . He strapped on his shoes only to find out he needed new shoes . He went to the store to purchase new ones . The store was out of his size . PERSON was incredibly upset and spent the day indoors .	The teacher gave us an assignment . Everyone finished the assignments , 20 minutes before the bell rung . My teacher wrote another assignment on the board . My friend got mad and flipped her desk over . She walked out of the class .	I sat in front of my computer and sighed heavily . I could n't find anything to do . I stood up and walked to the bathroom . I stared at myself in the mirror . I said aloud that I did n't know what I was going to do with my life .	As he was busily working at his other job , the man received a text . It was from a coworker who suffered from OCD . She was asking him to perform yet another minute , silly task . He rolled his eyes as he told her he would do that when he was able . He hated his job and knew it was time for a change .	He slammed his keyboard in anger . The battery had gone out again . It was a critical moment in his work day . He could not find replacement batteries . He decided to give up on the whole day .
shaving	I had a big job interview last week . I had to shave before the interview . I went to the store just to get a razor and some cream . I got the razor and shaved my face . I really think shaving helped me get a job .	PERSON was an elementary school teacher . During a fundraiser , she promised to have shave her hair as a prize . When the funds had been raised , she followed through with her promise . She had all of her hair shaved off during an assembly . Everyone loved it and found it hilarious .	PERSON had to explain to me why swimmers have to shave their bodies . I caught PERSON shaven this legs and thought it was very weird . He told me he made the swim team and they all shave . He said that having no had on your body makes you swim faster . Although I think it 's weird I respect PERSON 's commitment to the team .	There was a dad and son . The dad wanted to teach his son to shave . He taught him to be careful He taught him to get a close shave . The boy remembers this forever .	I was shaving the other day . While I was shaving I ran out of cream . I had to go to the store to buy more shaving cream . The trip there and back too a long time . Next time I 'll make sure I have enough cream before I shave .
online shopping	PERSON was online shopping . She was on Target 's website and saw laundry soap for cheap . They had bottle of laundry soap for fifty cents ! PERSON thought that they must have made a mistake . PERSON bought twenty bottles anyway and was only charged ten bucks !	PERSON saw a really cute dress on ebay that was very cheap . It seemed almost too good to be true . She order the dress anyways because she liked it so much . Six months later a package arrived . Inside was merely a picture of the dress .	PERSON needed a new part for his car . He checked the local store but it was too expensive . He checked online and found it much cheaper . PERSON decided to buy it online instead . He got the part within days .	Will was reluctant to order groceries online . But one of his friends recommended it . He found a website that let him order groceries from a local store . And within an hour , PERSON 's groceries were delivered to his house . Will decided to only shop online from then on .	PERSON was a not a fan of shopping . She did n't enjoy being in crowded stores at all . The holidays were coming and she needed to purchase some gifts . PERSON decided to look around online for her gifts . She bought everything she needed without leaving her home .
lost remote	PERSON lost the remote to his television . He looked everywhere for it . After a day he gave up and decided to buy a new one . A week later PERSON was cleaning his apartment . He found the original remote .	I was watching tv one day . I reached for the remote to adjust the volume . I could n't find the remote anywhere . I got up and looked around for the remote . I finally found it under my couch .	I could n't find my remote last night . I looked everywhere . Between the cushions and anywhere else you could imagine . I finally went to get something to drink instead . It turns out the remote was in the refrigerator .	PERSON lost the remote control for his TV . So he had to change the channel using the buttons on the TV . But PERSON became tired of walking from his sofa to his TV . And decided to look for his remote . When he went to bed , he felt it under his pillow .	PERSON wanted to watch tv . He could n't find his remote anywhere . He looked for hours . When he finally found it PERSON was too tired . He decided to go to sleep instead .
PERSON 's new shoes	PERSON went to the store with her mother . She needed new shoes to wear to school . PERSON tried on three pairs of shoes . The brown and teal cowboy boots were the most comfortable shoes . PERSON wore her cowboy boots to school the next day .	PERSON needed new shoes . PERSON went to an Adidas store . He does n't like Adidas shoes . PERSON went to a Nike store . PERSON loves Nike shoes and bought three pairs !	PERSON really wanted stylish new shoes . He worked at his paper route to buy them . He did not waste his money on snacks and sodas . When he had enough for them , he went and got them . He wore them home with pride .	PERSON 's sneakers are so old that they are beginning to rip . He loves his old sneakers but he knows it is time for a new pair . He looks at several stores but ca n't find exactly what he wants . Finally he finds the perfect new pair of sneakers . PERSON is so happy that he no longer wears ripped sneakers .	PERSON noticed that after a day of hard work his feet always hurt . He asked advice of his coworkers , but they had no suggestion . Finally he decided he might need a new pair of shoes . After his first day at work wearing his new shoes , PERSON felt great . PERSON only wished he had bought new shoes Years ago .
freshman	PERSON had just arrived to his first day at college . Everyone was there with family moving into the dorms . PERSON finished unpacking quickly and said his goodbyes to his parents . He started walking around , meeting his new neighbors and classmates . He knew immediately he would be loving his college experience .	PERSON was a freshman in college . She loved going out with her friends and partying . She found it harder to go to class and study . She received terrible grades during midterms . PERSON immediately started taking her classes more seriously .	PERSON was starting high school . She was very nervous about becoming a freshman . She had heard horror stories about what upperclassmen did to them ! But on Freshman Friday , no one harmed her or teased her at all ! PERSON decided the rumors had just been a scare tactic !	PERSON was headed to college in LOCATION . She was very nervous and quite reluctant . In her first class , she noticed her old high school classmate . She was so happy , so sat next to her . They hung out everyday , after the first day .	In August of 2008 I started my first year of college . The first thing I had to do was pick up my bunk and find my dorm . I waited in line for my bunk for about 15 minutes . Then , an older student offered to carry my bunk to my dorm for me . 30 minutes after that , my side of the dorm was set up and ready to go .
forgotten	There was a girl in our class who was in a wheelchair . Her aunt took the class as well . One day , she was in the bathroom . Her aunt went to class and forgot her niece in the bathroom . She ran out in embarrassment to go get her .	PERSON had a big report due at school . She finished it on time . But she forgot to bring it to school ! She called her mom and asked her to bring it . Luckily , her mom agreed to drop it off at the school !	PERSON forgot she had broken her windshield wiper blades . She had n't needed to used them for 2 weeks . Now she turned them on and saw the crack in the plastic . She was in a hurry so she had to just use the broken blades . Halfway to her destination a part of the blade broke and flew off .	PERSON was struggling during a geometry test . But he figured if he got the last question right , he could pass . The last question required a ruler and a compass . But when PERSON reached into his backpack , he could n't find one . PERSON guessed and turned in his test with a frown .	PERSON had a project to do for school . She had to prepare a speech to present in front of class . She worked on her presentation in PowerPoint . She went to class and realized that she left her flashdrive at home . She winged the presentation and still made a passing grade .
racism	PERSON was always a bit racist . He would say racial slurs jokingly . One of his friends confronted him about it . PERSON got defensive and angry . They stopped being friends .	I was riding my bike home one day . An eight year old made fun of me , making Chinese noises . I stopped the bike and said I was going to beat him up . He got scared and ran away . I did feel regretful at all .	PERSON and his family were black and moved to a white neighborhood . Everyone seemed to avoid them and ignore them . Then one morning , PERSON 's dad found a burned-out cross on their lawn . He explained to PERSON that some people were racist and cruel . PERSON decided to copy his dad and forgive them , like PERSON said .	My friend and a few other African Americans went to a restaurant . It is customary for the waiters to bring the food to the table . On this given day , the waiters refused to bring the food to my friend . She had to walk to the back of the restaurant and get it . She decided that the people at that restaurant were racists .	The students got out of the school . The field trip adviser searched each student to find any weapons . He managed to take PERSON 's water bottle . He allowed PERSON , who is white instead of black , to keep his bottle . PERSON abruptly complained to the adviser .
forgetful PERSON	Everyone knew PERSON was forgetful . So they were worried about him being in the school play . PERSON practiced his lines and reviewed his steps . But before the day of the play , everyone still had doubts . When the play began the next day , nobody could find PERSON .	PERSON forgot his keys at home . He usually forgot something important every day . He wrote himself a note to remember to call his mom . He saw the note and remembered to call . PERSON was proud to have remembered .	PERSON had been working all day and really needed a snack . He kept telling himself to eat but he would forget and keep working . PERSON 's computer died while he was in the middle of a big project . He decided to make himself a sandwich but his computer turned back on . PERSON raced back to his computer but he left his sandwich behind .	PERSON was not hungry during lunch . So he left his sandwich in his backpack . It was the weekend . So when he got home , he left his backpack in his closet . A few days later , he noticed a horrible smell .	One day , PERSON noticed that he was out of milk . PERSON decided to make a trip to the grocery store . PERSON picked up a few other things while shopping . When PERSON decided that he was done , he checked out and headed home . When PERSON got home , he realized that he forgot to buy milk .
bike ride	PERSON was feeling cooped up in his apartment . He grabbed his bicycle from the garage . He rode his bike clear across town . PERSON started to get tired from riding all day . PERSON called his wife to come pick him up .	The boys wanted to go for a ride . They got their helmets on and grabbed their bike . They started heading down their street . They ended up riding to the park . They went on the swings and had fun .	One day PERSON was riding his bike . A car hit PERSON . PERSON was rushed to the hospital . PERSON healed after a few weeks . PERSON is happily riding his bike again .	I took a ride on my bike today . I tried going down a steep hill that i usually avoid . I started speeding down the hill even while pulling the brakes . I could n't figure out a way to stop the bike . I ended up falling off and twisting my ankle .	PERSON was afraid to learn to ride a bike . Her friends all knew how to ride bikes . One day they all helped PERSON learn to ride a bike . She was able to learn with her friend 's help . PERSON can ride her bike with her friends now !
the snowman	When I was a kid , I loved to play in the snow . I built snow men a lot . One at a neighborhood kid knocked down my snowman . I was really upset and cried . His mom made him come over and apologize .	PERSON woke up to a yard covered in snow . She put on her boots and went outside . She played in the snow and built a snowman . She placed a carrot for his nose and put a scarf on his neck . PERSON had a great time building her snowman .	PERSON was thrilled when he woke up and saw snow . He was not used to the snow since he lived in a warmer area . PERSON went outside and spent hours building a big snowman . The next day , we looked outside and his snow man was n't there . He was sad to see his snowman had melted .	The kids were working hard in the yard . They were building a giant snowman . They could barely lift the head ! They decorated him with a carrot nose and some branches for arms . He was a great addition to the yard .	PERSON did n't like winter or cold weather . Her parents were always trying to get her to play outside in the snow . PERSON 's parents showed her how to make a snowman from the snow . PERSON loved the snowman so much that she built more snowmen . Now PERSON 's parents have to limit her time playing in the snow .
PERSON the bully	PERSON was a bully , and bullied all the kids at school . Everyone PERSON met , was scared of him . One day , PERSON met a quiet kid he tried to bully . As soon as he walked up to the kid , PERSON was met with fist . After being beaten for the first time , PERSON learned not to bully .	During elementary school , PERSON was a bully . At recess , she would make fun of other students and push them down . One day , however , PERSON was pushed by a mean older student . When PERSON began to cry , a student named PERSON came to comfort her . Because of PERSON 's kindness that day , PERSON never bullied others again .	When PERSON was in Kindergarten he was having a hard time at home . He fought a lot with his siblings who were older than him . Sometimes he started the fights but most times he just got picked on . PERSON would go to school and take his anger out on his classmates . He was mean and bullied everyone so they called Benjamin the Bully .	PERSON was the meanest girl in school . She bullied kids left and right . One day the new girl she tried to Bully . The new girl stood up to her and told her she would n't take it . PERSON the bully had been defeated .	PERSON is a very miserable human being . He has no friends and is very unlikable . To make himself feel better he chooses to bully people . One day he bullied a girl who was much stronger than him . She beat him with words instead of violence & he stopped bullying her .
food truck	PERSON decided to go to a food truck festival with friends . When PERSON got there she saw only two trucks . Sadly neither of the trucks had anything they wanted . So PERSON and her friends left the disappointing festival . They had a delicious dinner at the local pizzeria instead .	PERSON had always wanted to own a restaurant . But owning the building and hiring so many people was too difficult . PERSON wanted an easier alternative . PERSON bought a food truck and he and his wife cooked everything . PERSON deeply enjoyed operating his food truck .	We were famished on our lunch break . We saw a food truck in the parking lot . We walked up to the window . The menu was filled with barbecue foods . We ordered pulled pork sandwiches ,	PERSON wanted to run a food truck . He drew up a business plan . PERSON was able to borrow money to start his business . His food truck did well . He was able to quickly pay off his loan and buy a new truck .	PERSON was hungry . She looked out the window . A food truck was parked across the street . She went over there and got a burrito . She was no longer hungry .
spoiled milk	PERSON woke up early and wanted to have breakfast . He grabbed the cereal box and poured some in a bowl . He went to the fridge and poured milk on his cereal . He took a bite of his cereal and spit it out . The milk was spoiled so he ate a granola bar instead .	PERSON decided to have milk for breakfast . He poured a tall glass of milk . He drank it so fast that he barely tasted it . Unfortunately , the milk was expired . PERSON developed an upset stomach from the milk .	PERSON was pouring himself cereal . It smelled horrid when he opened the milk . He looked at it and it was chunky . He had to throw it out . PERSON wound up eating the cereal dry .	PERSON was late for work . He hastily poured himself some cereal . Before noticing the smell he took a big bite . PERSON immediately spat it back out in a fit of gross . The milk had been badly spoiled .	I went to have cereal today . The milk however , was spoiled . I noticed it right away . It was curdled . So I had to immediately throw it away .
PERSON PERSON	I always wanted to go to Raging Rivers as a kid . We finally took a family trip there . When I got there , I went straight to the wave pool . It ended up being way too deep , with waves I could n't handle ! After that , I hated PERSON PERSON and wanted to go home !	PERSON PERSON recently died . He was the attorney general on Law and Order for years . He was also on Mission Impossible . To honor him , I watched some L&O and MI shows today . I think he was a great actor .	Frank was a pitcher for a MLB team . But last season Frank got hurt and had to receive PERSON PERSON surgery . Frank was scared he would not pitch again . But after a year and a half PERSON came back to pitch again . PERSON was once again a pitcher for a MLB team .	The family drove back home . They had come from a dinner . The dinner was an hour away . They got their picture taken with a coach . It was PERSON PERSON .	The last float in the Christmas parade had a band on it . As the float moved down the street you could hear an old man singing . When the float reached us my brother ran out and jumped on the it . I could hear him singing PERSON PERSON all the way down the street . I could tell it was him because he always sings that song flat !
winner	PERSON 's office held a raffle for the employees . PERSON got a ticket , hoping he might win . They said they would announce the winner the following day . PERSON went to work , with his raffle ticket in his pocket . When they announced the winner , PERSON was amazed that it was him !	PERSON won a million dollars in the lottery . He was so happy ! He paid off all his debts . Then he bought a nice home and a new car . PERSON knew he could relax now for the rest of his life .	PERSON was playing hockey at school . The game was tied and almost over . Then PERSON made the winning shot ! Everybody cheered ! PERSON was so proud of himself !	I prepared for a job promotion many years ago . However I was passed over every time the position opened . I wanted to file a lawsuit but was scared I would lose . I filed the lawsuit anyway and some people made my life hard . I am glad I filed that lawsuit because I won life is good again .	I wanted to win the channel nine pizza contest . I listened to the trivia questions every day at noon . I google the answers every time I heard their questions . Friday I called in with the correct answer to the trivia contest . My answer won the free pizza contest so now I am a winner .
flu	PERSON started running fever . She also had body aches . She finally went to the doctor . The doctor did a flu test . PERSON had the flu .	I was feeling bad . So , I went to the doctor . He said I had the flu . He told me to take some medicine . The medicine made me feel better .	PERSON began to feel ill . She got dizzy at work and fainted . When she went to the doctor she had bloodwork done . PERSON was diagnosed with the flu . Her boss made her take off work in order to get well .	PERSON had a bad flu . She went to see the doctor . He told her she had pneumonia ! He gave PERSON some medicine . Soon she was feeling much better .	PERSON had a lingering flu . Finally his mom took him to the doctor . After a chest x-ray , the doctor said PERSON had pneumonia ! He needed very strong medication . It was very lucky PERSON had seen the doctor for treatment in time !
earthquake	There was a small earthquake recently . It rattled books off of the shelf . It also opened cabinet doors . Worst of all , it cracked the foundation . They hoped that was the last one for a long time .	PERSON was worried about an earthquake in the future . So she prepared . She removed large objects from high shelves . And she bought an emergency medical kit . PERSON felt less anxious because of her preparations .	PERSON lived in LOCATION . She woke up one afternoon to her house shaking . Her pictures on her walls were uneven too . PERSON turned on the news to see an earthquake had hit in her town . She was scared but glad no major damage was done .	I left my house to go shopping . I showed up at the store and began to shop . While looking over items , I heard a loud crash . Suddenly , there was an earthquake while I was in the store . I waited for the earthquake to be over and then left .	PERSON lives in LOCATION with his family . Suddenly , his entire house began shaking one day . His dad started yelling for PERSON to get out of the house . PERSON left the house right when the house began collapsing . PERSON 's family was left without a house .
the exam	PERSON knew the exam was coming up soon . She needed a good grade on it . PERSON studied hard every night up until the test . She took the test . PERSON knew she aced it .	PERSON prepared to ace the course exam . He spent the whole semester doing nothing but studying . He eschewed everything not related to learning , until the day arrived . He confidently set out to the building where the test would be given . PERSON 's goal to pass the exam was thwarted by ice and a broken spine .	PERSON had an exam coming up the next day . His roommate knew about this but threw a party anyways . PERSON tried to study but gave up and left his room to join the party . He stayed up all night partying . The next day , PERSON failed his exam .	PERSON was studying for his geography exam . His favorite television program came on . PERSON paid more attention to the program than his studying . PERSON stopped studying after the program . PERSON did n't do so great on his exam .	PERSON had a big test on Friday . She thought she studied hard all week for it . Her and a friend got together the night before to cram . PERSON was shocked to find out she had studied the wrong book . They both laughed for a while and crammed extra hard .
contacts	PERSON was concerned about her appearance . She did not like her brown eyes . She visited an eye doctor . She asked for colored contacts . She received the colored contacts and really enjoyed wearing them .	The man put in green contacts . He went to a dinner party . Everybody noticed his eyes looked different . He liked the attention . He started wearing different colored contacts every day .	PERSON went to get a new glasses prescription . The eye doctor took his eye exam . He said that strangely , PERSON no longer needed glasses . PERSON took off his glasses and everything became crystal clear . PERSON then remembered he was wearing contacts .	Ivy 's pregnancy was going well . But she noticed something strange . Her contacts were no longer fitting her eyes ! Her optometrist said pregnancy had steepened her corneal curve . Ivy had to order new contact lenses !	Art was sick of wearing glasses . He wanted to get contacts , but he was worried . He thought they would be very difficult to put in . His doctor gave him a sample pair to practice with . To his joy , Art found that they were actually pretty easy to insert !
the fish	PERSON bought a huge tank . She filled it with lots of colorful fish . Everyone in her family loved watching the fish swim around . They were soothing and peaceful . The fish became their favorite form of entertainment .	PERSON was hard at work . He bought a huge fish tank and he was getting it ready for a new fish ! He picked out a really cool tropical fish and put it in the tank . He watched it for hours . He was very pleased with his new setup !	PERSON was convinced she was going to catch a giant fish . She was going fishing for the first time since she was a kid . She had bought a new rod and reel . She got a bit on her first cast ! She ended up with five bluegill !	PERSON wanted a new pet . She thought a fish would be an easy pet to keep alive . She fed it every day and cleaned the tank . It died after a few weeks . PERSON was really sad !	PERSON 's children won a goldfish at a carnival . The kids brought the fish home and took care of it . One day , PERSON found the fish floating at the top of the bowl . PERSON ran to the pet store and bought a new fish . PERSON 's children were unaware that the fish had changed .
stress	PERSON analyzed everything . And he constantly complained and criticized . But eventually , he became very stressed and angry . PERSON tried to take things less seriously . And soon , he noticed his mental health improve .	A man was having trouble handling the stresses of his life . He decided to return to first premises . He knew the body is the most immediate sector of his universe . So he began living a very healthy and relaxed lifestyle He soon saw his stress disappear and felt better .	PERSON worked long hours for his employer . PERSON developed an eye twitch . PERSON began studying relaxation techniques online . PERSON implemented and practiced the techniques and strategies . PERSON eliminated his eye twitch .	PERSON had a bad day at work . He came home and decided to go for a jog . PERSON was not used to exercising and it was hard for him . However , he felt really good afterwards . PERSON decided he was going to start exercising more often .	PERSON began to develop various stomach issues . So he needed to control his stress . But there was not a lot he could do . He continued to eat poorly . And PERSON 's issues became worse and worse .
scholarship	PERSON is a very talented musician . He plays the trumpet and violin very well . He had played ever since he was a child . Everyone always told him that nothing will ever become of it . He proved them wrong because today he was offered a music scholarship .	PERSON was a hardworking student . She really wanted to go to college but her parents were poor . She applied to her favorite college online . She received a reply a few weeks later saying she got accepted . She received a full ride to the school for having outstanding grades .	PERSON did an Ancestry DNA kit just for fun . But her results surprised her-she found she was 1/8 Iroquois ! She did some research and found that her heritage might help her . She could even get scholarships and housing aid some day ! PERSON was glad she had discovered her DNA !	The woman applied for a scholarship . The scholarship committee asked for some additional information . She ignored the request . The committee gave the scholarship to someone else . The woman could not afford to go to school that year .	PERSON was getting ready to graduate from high school . She wanted to go to college but could not afford it . Her parents were unable to help her financially . PERSON received a letter from the scholarship organization . She received the scholarship and was able to attend college .
gun	PERSON really enjoyed toy guns . One day his dad got him a real gun . He then practiced shooting every day . Now he is a sniper in the military . PERSON is the best sniper around !	My son-in-law 's aunt S moved in with his mother . S was having trouble paying her rent and was evicted . She is a NYC school cop . My daughter just found out S has a gun . She expressed concerns to her husband .	The man shot the gun . He missed the target . He reloaded the gun . He took more time aiming . He hit the target that time .	PERSON was planning a road trip with her friends . Her father did n't want her to be without protection . He insisted on giving her a gun and training her in its use . PERSON was nervous handling it , but eventually became proficient . She hoped to avoid using it , but was glad it was there just in case .	My dad was a police officer . He had a gun hidden in the house . One time , I found the gun and started playing with it . My dad found out and grounded me . I realized that I should n't play with guns .
cell phone	PERSON always followed the rules at school . When she got a cell phone , she started to use it in class . This disobeyed the rules . One day she got caught and got her phone taken away . She learned her lesson and started to follow the rules again .	PERSON 's daughter , PERSON , was in elementary school . And PERSON decided to get her a cell phone for safety reasons . But PERSON used her cell phone in class . And it was taken away . And PERSON realized getting her daughter a cell phone was a bad idea .	The man signed up for a new cell phone plan . He got a new phone with the plan . He was not happy with the service . He cancelled the service early . He had to pay the full retail price of the phone as a penalty .	PERSON really wanted a cell phone . Her parents decided that she would have to earn it . PERSON worked hard in school and at home . She made the honor roll and always completed her chores . Her parents bought her a phone and she was so happy .	PERSON went out on the weekend . He kept drinking at every bar he went to . He ended up losing his cell phone . He retraced his steps and went to the last bar he went to . They had his phone .
new headphones	PERSON keep losing her headphones . So her mom bought her a new pair . Unfortunately she lost those too . PERSON was so mad . She needed to keep a better eye on them .	PERSON needed a new pair of headphones . He went to the store and tried on different ones on display . He asked the workers about their preferences . After checking reviews he bought them online through his phone . They arrived at his house shortly after he did .	I broke my old earbuds by dropping them . For once I decided to buy a nicer pair of earbuds . The pair I purchased cost twice as much as my old pair . I could n't detect any difference in sound quality . They lasted a year or two and then I went back to my old brand .	PERSON needed to get a new pair of headphones . She had earbuds but needed new ones . She searched everywhere for the perfect pair . Finally she found a pair . When she tried them on they were great .	PERSON wanted a new pair of headphones . They were really expensive due to their brand name . So she saved for months . Finally she was excited to buy the headphones . She was disappointed at the quality upon them out .
boredom	PERSON sat in front of his computer . He could not think of anything to do . He had already finished all of his computer games . He decided to surf the web . An hour later , he turned off his computer .	I never want to do anything , but today is worse . I need to do laundry , but I 'm sitting here working . I need to buy groceries , but I 'm going to bake another pizza . When it 's over , I 'm going to go to bed early . I will probably lie in bed watching tv .	The kids complained they were bored . We put on our swim suits . I took them into the yard to play . They got in the pool and splashed around . They had a lot of fun swimming .	PERSON was anxious as she waited for the principal . She was also very bored . She looked around for something to read . There were no magazines in this room . There was nothing she could do to occupy her time .	The young man sat at his desk . He was incredibly bored . His phone rang and caused him to reach into his pants . His friends told him they were throwing a party tonight . He would not be bored for much longer .
spilled coffee	PERSON was sitting at his desk . He was drinking coffee . He accidentally knocked over the coffee . He jumped up and grabbed a towel . PERSON cleaned up his mess .	PERSON went through the drive thru and ordered a hot coffee . On his way home , he hit a large bump in the road . The hot coffee spilled all over him . He had burns on his arms and legs . PERSON was not happy and decided to make coffee at home from now on .	A woman was ordering her favorite coffee from the barista . As she was about to grab her coffee , a boy bumped into her . The coffee spilled all over her favorite outfit ! The barista wanted to help the woman . So she gave the woman her favorite sweater to replace her outfit .	PERSON stopped for coffee on her way to work . As she was driving , she had to stop suddenly . Hot coffee splashed onto her leg . Fortunately she was wearing long pants . It hurt a bit but it was n't serious .	PERSON sat at the table reading the paper . He decided he wanted to get a bagel as well . He got up from the table and bumped the table leg . The table shook and his coffee spilled . PERSON was sad that he spilled his coffee .
car repair	PERSON 's car constantly had battery problems . But he did n't want to spend anymore money at the mechanic . So PERSON spent a lot of time studying cars . And eventually , he was able to fix his car battery problems for good . PERSON was happy that he no longer had to go the mechanic .	My car was giving me trouble and running strange . I called my mechanic and had it checked out . He worked on it all day . The car needed new spark plugs . The car ran like a brand new car afterwards .	I was on my way to work in my car . A terrible noise came from the tire . A nail had popped a hole in it . I called a tow truck to pick up my car . The car tire was repaired at the local shop .	My family stayed in a hotel for a week while our car was repaired . All of our clothes and belongings were in the car in the shop . We had to buy new clothes for the week . We had to eat out for every meal . By the time our transmission was fixed , we had no money left .	PERSON needed his car repaired . But he did n't have much money . His friend told him about a discount repair shop . And PERSON got his car fixed there . But after driving a few minutes , the engine started to fail .
kite flying	PERSON never flew a kite before . PERSON 's friend PERSON was going to show her how . PERSON bought a bright pink kite for her lesson . PERSON showed PERSON how to fly the kite at the park . PERSON was so excited that she learned to fly a kite .	One day PERSON and her friends went kite flying . PERSON 's kite got tangled . She needed help fixing it . Everyone thought it was funny . They had a good time that day .	PERSON thought it was a perfect day to fly a kite . She went to the park with her kite . The wind was blowing stiffly as she let the string unspool . The kite caught the wind and went soaring high into sky . After a while , PERSON reeled her kite in and contentedly walked home .	PERSON took his new kite out to the front yard . The wind was really blowing . He let out about ten feet of string . He threw the kite up over his head . It jerked away from him and flew off .	PERSON had never flown a kite before . It looked pretty easy , though . Until she tried to get it up in the air . She could n't quite figure it out until her brother demonstrated . It worked just fine until it got caught in a tree !
labor	She was immediately checked in . They put her in a bed . Her feet hung over the edge . They took her vital signs . They said she was going to be on bed rest .	The man advertised for a laborer . A college graduate applied . The man said the graduate was over qualified . The student pleaded for the job . The man told him to look for work in his degree .	PERSON was in labor with her first baby . She wanted a natural birth . But her delivery stalled , and changed had to be made . Her doctor decided to do a cesarean section . PERSON was happy to deliver her healthy baby , even by c-section !	PERSON was 9 months pregnant and almost ready to pop . As she was walking around outside , she felt sharp pains . She began to scream help as she was going into labor ! She sat down under a shady tree and bore down to push . Five minutes later , she delivered her baby with the help of passersby .	PERSON was in labor with her first baby . She was determined to have a natural birth . She insisted she could handle the pain on her own . But within four hours , she changed her tune ! Soon she was begging her doctor for an epidural !
second date	PERSON went out on a date . She did n't think it went that well . Still , when asked she agreed to a second date . That one went a lot better . PERSON wound up really liking the guy .	PERSON was on a second date . The first one had gone really well . This one was tanking fast . PERSON tried his best to save it to no avail . There was no third date .	PERSON was much more comfortable on her second date with tim . PERSON was also more relaxed . They had a great time on their first date . This one went just as well . They made plans for a third one and are excited for it .	I went on a first date with a girl last night . I had a great time and I 'm confident that she did too . I wanted to call her right away this morning . I called her and she said she had a great time as well . We just planned another date for tomorrow night !	PERSON and PERSON had a fun first date . Unfortunately their second date was n't going as well . They were n't sure what changed . No matter what they tried the chemistry was n't there . They decided not to go on a third date .
torn jeans	PERSON had an old pair of jeans . They got a bunch of holes in them . PERSON decided to patch them up . He got different matching ones . PERSON 's friends have him lots of compliments on them .	PERSON had been gaining weight . He had an old pair of jeans . They fit really tightly . PERSON tried to wear them out but they tore . PERSON had to throw them out .	PERSON was walking to the store . She tripped in the parking lot . When she fell , she ripped her jeans . PERSON hurried and bought her items . She rushed home to change her jeans .	PERSON had a favorite pair of jeans . One day they got a hole in them . PERSON did n't want to get rid of them . He got a patch to put over the hole . PERSON kept wearing them for several more years .	PERSON had a favorite pair of jeans . He wore them as often as possible . They got a lot of holes in them . PERSON kept patching them up . After a while they looked like cool punk pants .
concert	PERSON is very scared of heights . To pass her test to make the team , she must climb up 50 feet . She practices climbing higher everyday . At her test , she concentrates very hard . She climbs up with no problem and makes the team .	Miles really wanted to go to the rock concert . His dad said he could go , on one condition . PERSON had to earn the money for the ticket himself . Miles started selling papers and mowing lawns on the weekends . By concert time , he had earned enough to pay for his ticket !	PERSON 's favorite band was coming to town to play a concert . He waited in line for two days for tickets . When the tickets went on sale , he was first in line . He bought the tickets for himself and his friends . It was worth it , as the concert was amazing .	PERSON had never gone to a concert before . His friend PERSON offered him tickets . PERSON was excited . They attended the concert together . PERSON had one of the best times of his life .	PERSON wanted to go to a concert with friends . His boss would not let him have time off . He decided to switch shifts with a coworker . PERSON went to the concert and had a great time . PERSON now owes his co worker a favor in the future .
heights	PERSON is terrified of heights . He currently lives on the 13th floor . PERSON closes his eyes every time he walks past the window . PERSON tries to overcome his fears . He joins a group with others that suffer from Acrophobia .	PERSON was afraid of heights . But he had to fix the tiles on his roof because they were leaking ! Then he thought of a great solution . He hired a neighborhood boy to fix the tiles for him . His roof was fixed and PERSON never left the ground !	PERSON reached the head of the cliff on her hike . About twenty feet below was a clear lake . She closed her eyes , took a deep breath , and jumped . She did a flip in the air before landing gracefully in the water . She got out to climb back up the cliff .	PERSON was always very afraid of high places . She was very nervous because she was going on a flight soon . PERSON boarded the plane and started feeling very sick . After takeoff PERSON started to calm down . She arrived safe and sound at her destination .	Trixie had a debilitating fear of heights , but had to fly often . She therefore always made sure to get the aisle seat . But when she stepped aboard this time , she was ushered to a window . She realized with horror she had n't double checked her seat number . She was rigid with fear , and cursing her carelessness , the whole way .
broken headphones	PERSON was listening to music on his iPod . His cat suddenly started to play with his headphones . His cat cut his headphones with a single swipe . PERSON took his broken headphones to the electronics store . He was able to get his headphones fixed very cheaply .	PERSON broke her favorite pair of earbuds . She browsed for a new pair to purchase online . PERSON selected a nice pair and prepared to buy them . PERSON mom gave her an old pair of functional earbuds she found . They were uncomfortable , and PERSON disliked them .	PERSON PERSON PERSON borrow his headphones . PERSON accidentally broke them . PERSON felt awful . He decided to confess . PERSON was just happy PERSON told the truth .	I was listening to music one day . Suddenly , my headphones stopped working . I did not have money for new ones . After trying to fix them , I gave up and cried . Then , I decided to just hum songs in my head .	I got a pair of headphones for my birthday . I was very excited to use them . But two days later they broke . I was so disappointed . I then had to buy new ones .
waking up	PERSON woke up too go too work . He took a shower and got ready . Made a some eggs for himself . Got in his car and headed to work . PERSON got to work .	PERSON woke up in the middle of the night to pee . He always woke at least once . Sometimes he woke up two or three times ! Finally he decided not to drink anything for five hours before bed . That helped PERSON start sleeping through the night .	PERSON awoke on the couch to the sounds of her siblings playing . They were loud and no one was making them be quiet . PERSON stood up and yelled at the kids . Her mother came in the room and reprimanded her . PERSON was shocked and confused as to why she was the one in trouble .	PERSON heard his alarm go off . He got out of bed to turn the alarm off . It was cold , so he put on his robe . He went upstairs to take a shower . After his shower , he made his bed .	This morning the alarm went off at 4:40 am . Then it went off again at 4:49 am . PERSON scratched PERSON 's back and told him it was time to get get up . Thank goodness for snooze alarms because PERSON went back to sleep . But he jumped out of bed after the next snooze .
science class	I always hated science class due to how boring it was . When I told my friend , she laughed . She told me that science helps make the world a better place . She explained all of the scientific findings that changed the world . After that I had a deeper appreciation for science .	My sister was failing her science class at school . I would see her watch television every night instead of studying . I asked her if she wanted me to help her out with her class . She allowed me to study with her after dinner everyday . She ended up passing her class with my help !	Mr Egg was presenting a volcanic eruption to the science class . He had a diagram of a volcano that looked like it was made of tinfoil . He then took out a huge thing of vinegar , and started to pour it in ! The class had no clue what was going on and looked on in astonishment . The volcano then exploded with substance that looked like lava !	PERSON loved school . Science class was his favorite . They were beginning to learn about chemistry . PERSON wanted to learn everything he could . He took careful notes every day when the teacher spoke .	PERSON set next to a cute girl in science class . She liked space and biology . PERSON decided to learn more about space to impress her . He ended up loving it . Eventually he became an astronaut .
bad grades	PERSON always got bad grades in math . Even when she studied hard , she failed . One day PERSON tutored her in math . She took the big test . To her surprise , she got every question right .	PERSON was in 9th grade . She had had all A 's until this year . They slipped as she thought volleyball was more important . Her parents grounded her for a month . She was only able to play volleyball on Monday and Wednesday .	PERSON had gotten bad grades at school . She had n't been taking her studies seriously . She decided to study harder . She received good grades on her next report card . PERSON was proud of herself .	PERSON was a star athlete at his school . He performed well in everything but his academics . He was failing all of his classes . PERSON 's coaches found out and had to kick him off of the team . He was so upset he dropped out of school and did n't graduate .	PERSON was doing very badly in school . All his grades online showed that he had D 's and F 's . It turned out he had n't been doing his homework at all . PERSON 's parents were so mad that they grounded him . Once his grades are a lot better he wo n't be grounded anymore .
study	PERSON was starting high school . He wanted to be sure to get good grades . So he started a study group with his friends . Every weekend they got together to study . PERSON and all his friends got great grades in high school !	I used to procrastinate about studying . One time , I fell asleep when I meant to study for a test . I failed the test horribly . I was so embarrassed . Now , I never procrastinate studying .	PERSON and matt met up . They wanted to study for the new test . They decided to play a round of a game first . They ended up playing 5 hours of the game . They did not study at all .	PERSON was a college student . PERSON desired to get straight A 's . PERSON enlisted the help of his smart friends . PERSON organized a study group . Everyone in the study group got straight A 's .	PERSON wanted to learn Spanish before he visited LOCATION . He studied hard every night . He practiced speaking with everyone he could find . Finally , he was able to go to LOCATION . He thoroughly enjoyed his visit and was able to speak to everyone .
lazy day	Today was Frank 's day off . Rather than being excited , he felt quite bored . Rather than staying at home , he decided to take a walk . He walked down the sidewalk and saw a beautiful red bird fly overhead . This was a rare sight so now he was not quite as bored .	Michael woke up late . He decided to just stay in bed . When he finally got up , he left the bed a mess . His girlfriend saw the bed . She was n't happy .	PERSON had a very hectic week at work . PERSON needed to mentally digress from the stress of the week . PERSON decided he would take time to do nothing . He bought some beers , and chips from the store . PERSON decided that today would be his lazy day .	PERSON did n't have any plans for the day . She decided to spend all day watching netflix . She also played her 3ds . PERSON has n't had a lazy day like this in a while . She can not wait for the next one .	PERSON 's alarm clock went off at 6 AM . PERSON has a lot of things he need to get done today . PERSON hits the snooze bar on the clock . The alarm goes off again . PERSON adds `` get a new alarm clock '' to the list of things to do today .
programming	I decided to quit my job and become a programmer . However , I did n't have any programming experience . I hired a tutor to teach me programming . After six months , I became an adept programmer . I was soon able to land a job as a front-end web developer .	PERSON was a novice computer programmer . He had made a few video games and a few webpages . PERSON got an email one day about a design job . He quickly replied that he would be interested and began to prep . PERSON wound up being hired by the government to write spy software .	PERSON is a computer programmer . One afternoon , PERSON decided to program a new application . PERSON worked on her application for two weeks . Finally , PERSON finished the application and listed it for sale . The application was a success !	PERSON was a senior in her high school . She was debating what to major in for college . She wanted guaranteed job security . She decided to major in computer science . She secured a well paying career for life .	PERSON learned that computer programmers made a lot of money these days . He decided to learn an aspect of it that was relevant to him . He loved surfing the web and using web apps . He decided to learn the language to create that . He began learning Javascript .
imagination	PERSON was reading a book about PERSON . She then noticed some shadow at the door . It appeared to have two horns on its head . PERSON 's mind raced and she hid under the covers . It was actually just the floor lamp in the living room .	PERSON had a vivid imagination . He always thought about new characters and different stories . PERSON took a creative writing class and began to write novels . PERSON used his incredible imagination to write interesting books . PERSON became a best-selling author .	PERSON wanted a surf and turf dinner . He did not have the money for a fancy dinner . Instead , PERSON purchased a can of tuna and a pound of ground beef . He used his imagination while eating to pretend it was surf and turf . PERSON had a difficult time believing he was eating anything good .	My son has an active imagination . He told me there was a dragon in his room . I went to check for him . There was no dragon in there . I told him he was safe .	PERSON was a lonely child . His mother tried to get him to play outside , but he never wanted to go . The outside just reminded PERSON of how lonely he was . His mother got him some toys in hopes of making him feel better . PERSON thought of great stories with his newfound toys .
the call	A businessman walked past his secretary and told her he 's busy . The business man went to his office and locked the door . He say down on his chair and opened his computer . The business man went to Netflix and watched TV all day . When he left , he told the secretary that he finished his work .	The phone vibrated violently next to PERSON . He picked it up and looked at the screen . He would ignore the call . The phone finally stopped vibrating and then started again . PERSON sighed and answered it , knowing he would finally meet his fate .	Two referees watched the same play take place on a football field . One ref though it was holding and the other thought it was nothing . They argued loudly for everyone to hear . They got in each other 's faces in a heated debate . One ref punch the other and asked if that was a foul too .	I had two people at the office to see me . I did not make it back there in time . I invited them to a meeting there . My friend called me to let me know . I had gone to close a sale .	A baseball umpire called a player out in a close game . The coach of the player walked up to ask how the ump made the call . During their conversation , the coach slipped the umpire $ 50 . The umpire snuck the money into his pocket . After pretending to think it over , the umpire reversed his call .
bad fall	PERSON was waiting for the elevator with her grandmother . All of the sudden her grandmother was about to slip . She slipped and fell right on the tile floor . Her grandmother had bumped her head . PERSON screamed and called 911 .	Yesterday I was running with my friends . We decided to run in the woods . I ran as fast as I could . Yet before I knew I , I tripped over a log . I ended up falling flat on my face .	PERSON was out for a jog . He twisted his ankle and fell . PERSON could n't walk for days . He had to have surgery to get his ankle fixed . PERSON did n't jog again for over a year .	PERSON was excited to go ice skating . She headed over to the rink and started skating . She was having a lot of fun until she fell . She fell right on her leg . Thankfully she got back up but was in a lot of pain .	PERSON decided to go for a run . The weather was amazing . She skipped around . Unfortunately she tripped over a log . She had to get a band aid .
flute	PERSON dreaded playing the flute . Her mother always pestered her about learning an instrument . Eventually PERSON quit playing the flute to her mother 's dismay . PERSON liked the free time she had now that she no longer takes lessons . When she grew older , however , she regretted not sticking with it .	PERSON played the flute in her rock band . Her band had an important competition coming up . The day of the competition she became too ill to play . PERSON 's band could not play without her . PERSON felt guilty for being sick .	I started playing the flute in fourth grade band . A teacher thought I had a lot of potential . She told my mom that I should take lessons . My mom agreed . My mom signed me up for flute lessons .	She wanted to play the flute . She bought a shiny silver one at a yard sale . She felt the instrument was calling to her . She bought some music online . She determined to learn via youtube videos .	PERSON wanted to play the flute . He was terrible at it . He thought he would never be able to play it . He practiced hard . Soon he was the best flute player in his school .
PERSON visits LOCATION LOCATION	PERSON has always dreamed of a vacation in LOCATION LOCATION . After Years of planning out his trip , he is ready . In LOCATION LOCATION , PERSON samples gumbo and other delicious food . When his trip is over , he is very sad to leave . However , he will always have the wonderful memories of LOCATION LOCATION .	PERSON had always dreamed of visiting LOCATION LOCATION . He saved up his money and booked his trip . When he arrived he saw many sights and ate delicious food . He took many pictures of his big trip . PERSON was so happy that his dream trip had become a reality .	PERSON had always wanted to see LOCATION LOCATION . He spent months saving his money for the trip . Finally he visited the famed city . He ate delicious gumbo and saw LOCATION LOCATION . PERSON was very pleased with his LOCATION LOCATION trip .	PERSON has always dreamt of seeing LOCATION LOCATION . He saves his money to make his big dream a reality . Finally he flies to LOCATION , LOCATION LOCATION . He enjoys the weather and food very much . PERSON has truly had the trip of a lifetime .	PERSON has always loved to drink wine . His girlfriend recommends that he visit LOCATION LOCATION to try wine there . He researches LOCATION LOCATION and finally books a trip . On that trip he samples many delicious wines . It was the perfect trip for a wine lover like PERSON .
the garbage can	PERSON had a big bag of garbage . She carried it outside to the garbage can . Just before she got there , the bag burst . PERSON was disgusted . She threw the trash into the can and ran to clean off .	After trash was picked up , I saw an extra empty garbage can outside . I asked my next door neighbor if it was hers , but she said no . Then I asked my new neighbor across the street if it was his . He did n't know if they were going to take his garbage can . So he had put it beside mine , and it got picked up all right .	PERSON had chores to do every day . Her least favorite task was to take the garbage out . One day , she tried to throw the garbage bag into the can . She fell and ended up inside the can ! PERSON was so disgusted !	Oscar carried a bag of trash . He was going to throw it away in the garbage can . He lifted the lid and a cat jumped out ! Oscar dropped the bag and ran away . He was so scared !	PERSON was throwing away a stack of newspapers . They were too tall to fit in the garbage can . He pushed and pushed , but he just could n't do it . He set them on top and walked away . The next morning , they had blown all over the yard .
the big game	PERSON and PERSON both claimed they were the best basketball player . One day they decided to find out who was better . PERSON loved to brag , but PERSON was focused on the game . Eventually PERSON beat PERSON by 1 point . PERSON learned that day to focus on the game , not on bragging .	PERSON was a big fan of State basketball . The national basketball tourney was here . PERSON bet a hundred dollars his team would win the tourney . When the first round was played , an unranked team beat State . PERSON was very sad that his team had lost .	PERSON was a big baseball fan . There was a big game coming up soon . Unfortunately he had to work . PERSON decided to lie and say he was sick . He went to the game and had a great time .	I see him coming , he 's running really fast . I know this is it I have to jump and block him . Just as I 'm about to jump and block his shot . The referee blew his whistle . Seems he traveled with the ball .	My son 's baseball team was playing for the town championship . It was a tie game in the bottom of the last inning . My son came to the plate with a runner on second and two outs . He ripped a line drive over the shortstop 's head into left field . The winning run scored !
new iphone	PERSON really wanted the new iPhone . She begged her parents for one . They said no . However the next day PERSON went into her room . She saw the iPhone on her bed .	PERSON was nervous for the new iPhone . She did n't know if it would be better . But she waited in line anyway . When it was released she was so happy . It was the best phone she ever used .	The new iPhone was going on sale . PERSON really wanted it . She immediately bought it . When she got it she loved it . She showed her friends .	PERSON was happy the new phones just came out for Apple . She really wanted a pink one . Unfortunately the pink ones were all sold out . They told her she would have to wait a month for the pink one . She decided to get the gold instead .	Everyone waited in line for the new iphone . PERSON had waited patiently for 3 hours and was next in line . He walked up and was told they had run out . PERSON was furious . He was escorted out by police .
snow storm	PERSON and her friends are excited there is a big snowstorm coming . While they are in school , it starts to snow . Their teacher tells them there will be no school the next day . PERSON and her friends are so excited for a snow day the next day ! After school , they go outside and play in the snow !	I was driving home when a big storm hit . The snow was intense and blinding . I had to pull over to the side of the road to be safe . It did n't stop for hours . I was stuck until a tow truck arrived after the storm .	PERSON was getting ready for the big snow storm . He had a shovel , but did not have salt to melt the ice . PERSON went to the store to buy the salt . He was able to buy the last bag of salt . PERSON got home right as the snow began to fall .	During a big snow storm , I woke up one night . My neighbor 's cat was screaming to get in . After half an hour my neighbor did n't open her door . As the cat was still screaming for help , I went downstairs . My neighbor opened the door , she screamed at me , and left the cat out .	PERSON was driving to a friend 's house when a big snow storm came up . She had to pull over and spend the night at a hotel . It snowed all through the night . The next morning , the roads were icy and dangerous . PERSON had to cancel her trip and go home for her own safety .
the puddle	LOCATION was playing outside . She found a big puddle to jump in . She splashed and played . Then she tried to go inside . Her mom saw how messy she was and screamed .	PERSON was waiting at a bus stop . There was a puddle near by . He was n't aware of it . A car drove over it and splashed PERSON . PERSON had to go back home and change .	PERSON loved to be outside on rainy days . She would find the biggest puddle she could . She jumped in it over and over again . She went inside and her mom screamed . PERSON was covered in mud !	I have a confession . I was driving along in the rainy the other day . I saw some pedestrians on the side of the road -- passing a puddle . On a whim I swerved to blast through that puddle and splash them . My guilt is mitigated somewhat by the memory of their shocked faces !	The kids were having a blast . They had found a huge puddle full of muddy water . They splashed and jumped around in it . It made a huge mess , but they did n't care . Their mom yelled at them when she saw what they had done .
hamburgers	PERSON and his sister were having friends over for hamburgers . But they did n't have patties or hamburger breads . So PERSON drove to the store to get the stuff for hamburgers . He found the best patties and the best hamburger breads . He took them home and began to cook hamburgers .	PERSON wanted to cook for her family . She decided to have a cookout . She bought ingredients for hamburgers and hot dogs . PERSON fired up the grill and started cooking . The cookout was a great success .	PERSON decided to grill hamburgers . He bought the meat and all the fixings . He formed patties for the burgers . He started outside to fire up the grill . When PERSON got outside , he realized he was out of charcoal !	PERSON loved to eat hamburgers . One day after eating a hamburger she became very ill . Her doctor told her she had food poisoning from the burger . It took her over a week to recover . PERSON does not eat hamburgers anymore .	A young baby named PERSON had just turned nine months old . He loved to eat all kinds of foods especially grown up ones . One day his mommy had ordered a burger and his eyes got big . His mommy smiled at him and gave him little bites so he could eat . PERSON was so happy he ate almost half of his mommy 's burger .
PERSON falls asleep	PERSON is with his friend PERSON looking for clubs . PERSON is tired from trying to find clubs . PERSON keeps trying to find the hottest club in town . They eventually give up and waste their whole night on nothing . On the way home with no sleep PERSON falls asleep while driving .	PERSON was having trouble sleeping at night . She had work early in the morning tomorrow . She poured herself a big glass of warm milk . She drank it while reading a book . She finally was able to fall asleep after feeling relaxed .	PERSON works the overnight shift at the local factory . Usually he sleeps all day so he can be awake for his work . However , one day he tries to stay awake during the day and night . He falls asleep at his factory job . PERSON is fired from his job .	PERSON was one of the most motivated students in his school . He always paid attention , and he usually sat in the front row . Today however , he was having trouble staying awake . He had been up all night studying for an exam . He finally gave up and put his head down , and sleep came .	PERSON finds it difficult to stay awake at work . When he is working on his reports , he sometimes falls asleep . Today , PERSON starts dozing off as his boss walks by . His boss tells him that he must never fall asleep at work again . PERSON starts bringing coffee to work to stay awake .
upset stomach	PERSON was trying to enjoy a movie . Her stomach started to hurt . She tried to ignore it but it got worse . Finally , she had to leave the movie . Her stomach kept hurting for the rest of the day .	I decided to travel to LOCATION LOCATION . I wanted to eat street market food . Thus , I ate some raw vegetable salad . It gave me a terrible upset stomach . I realized that in LOCATION LOCATION I should only eat cooked food .	PERSON was very in tune with her body . She felt some indigestion in her stomach . She decided to purchase medicine . She took the medicine . The medicine made her feel better .	PERSON ate a lot of gassy foods . His stomach started feeling bad . His friend gave him some pills . PERSON took them . They actually helped him and he bought more .	PERSON had an upset stomach . She tried everything to fix it . Yet nothing would help it . PERSON felt helpless . Finally she took some ginger and it helped .
wine tasting	As soon as PERSON turned 21 she wanted to attend a wine tasting . She went with her best friends and they were excited . The girls tried about ten different wines . In the end they loved the merlot . The event was a success .	PERSON attended a wine tasting . All of the wines were fabulous . She could n't help herself . So she bought every bottle . The saleswoman was pretty happy .	PERSON loves wine . She took her friends on a wine tasting tour . They had never taken a trip like this before . By the third winery , PERSON tasted 12 different wines . The trip was cut short when PERSON felt sick after the fourth winery .	The best friends went on a girls trip to a wine vineyard . While there they went to several wine tastings . They learned about how wine is made . The trip was a great bonding experience . The girls found new wines they loved .	PERSON was invited by her friend to her first wine tasting event . PERSON was happy she liked wine . PERSON went and tasted many wines . PERSON had a favorite . She bought a bottle of her favorite .
prom date	PERSON wanted to go to his senior prom . He asked his friend PERSON to accompany him . PERSON accepted his request . He rented a tuxedo and purchased their tickets . They had a wonderful time at the prom .	PERSON really liked his classmate PERSON . He wanted to ask her to prom , but he was afraid . He felt sure she would refuse , and maybe even laugh at him ! But he gathered up his courage and he asked her anyway . PERSON accepted gladly , and then she did laugh - with joy !	PERSON wanted to ask PERSON to go with him to Prom . PERSON 's problem was that he felt anxious about asking her . So PERSON enlisted the help of his buddies . PERSON and five friends went and sang a song under PERSON 's window . PERSON told PERSON she 'd love to go the prom with him !	PERSON passed a box of M&M s to his friend PERSON as they left class . She smiled and thanked him for the sweet gesture . She opened the box as she walked to her next class . Inside was a note asking her to prom ! She ran back to tell him that she would go with him .	I needed a prom date . I asked PERSON to the prom but she never answered me . I asked PERSON to prom but she already had a date . I asked one last person to be my prom date . PERSON and I had a wonderful time at prom .
shopping	I was hungry this morning . There was no food in my house . I created a menu and a grocery shopping list . I gathered my canvas shopping bags . I walked to the health food store .	PERSON knew she was going to have a very busy week at work . She decided she should take her lunch to save time during the day . To prepare , she went to the store to get lunch items for the week . She had fun picking items that she would enjoy . At the end of the trip , she was happy with how she prepared .	Me and PERSON went to the nearest outlet store . We searched for several clothing that we 're cheap in price . I came across a nice , red polo t-shirt for $ 20 dollars . I decided to try out the first . Since it was a perfect fit , I bought it .	PERSON took PERSON shopping for school clothes . PERSON tried on 20 pairs of jeans . The two she liked were too long . PERSON hemmed the pants at home . Now the pants fit perfectly .	PERSON got money for her birthday . She had a list of things to buy . She went out with her friends . They bought clothes . She went home .
game night	PERSON bought a new game . She invited friends to play it . They had a good time . Unfortunately it broke halfway through . Everyone went home .	PERSON looked forward to game night when she visited family . She excitedly picked out a game from the cabinet . Midway through the game , PERSON noticed her niece cheating . She scolded the niece , expecting the family to follow suit . Instead , PERSON 's mom turned and gave her a disapproving look .	PERSON and his friends decided to have a game night one night . During Twister , PERSON fell on PERSON . Everyone laughed . At the end of the night everyone thought they had had fun . They decided to do a game night once a month .	PERSON was hosting the weekly game night at his house . PERSON decided they would play a friendly game of Scrabble . In addition , PERSON set up his Wii game console to play Guitar Hero . PERSON and his friends were having so much fun playing the games . PERSON could not wait for the next time he could host game night again .	We invited friends over to play cards . They stayed through three games of spades . It was the astronauts versus the cosmonauts . The Astronauts won two games . Cosmonauts had to buy the next round .
vacation	PERSON went on a vacation . He went on a cruise . It was a ten day trip . PERSON had fun . PERSON wanted to go on another cruise .	My family went on vacation last week . We went up to the mountains to ski . Some of our friends were already up there . We all met at one of the cabins . It was a really fun time .	PERSON had n't been on a vacation in over ten years . She finally had a good job , so she decided to save her money . After two years of saving , she had enough money to go somewhere great . She booked a trip to LOCATION LOCATION , paying for it with her savings . She had an amazing time in LOCATION LOCATION .	We asked our nephews yesterday if they wanted to go on a vacation . We thought we would see if they wanted to make plans for the summer . But instead they said they wanted us to join them at Disney . Little do they know that we are going to be surprising them there . They will be so shocked when we meet them at the airport .	PERSON planned a vacation to LOCATION . In LOCATION the people speak French . PERSON wanted to learn French before going on vacation . She bought books and hired a tutor to teach her . PERSON went on vacation and was able to communicate with the people .
art project	PERSON was in art class . She had to make a collage . It was part of a project . When she was done she got an PERSON PERSON was happy .	The teacher took her class to the art museum . They looked at the exhibits for hours . They had lunch at the museum afterwards . Soon after , the class was given a tour . The teacher assigned the class homework to write about their trip .	The assignment was to draw a realistic picture . Sadly , PERSON was not good at drawing . She drew a stick figure on the paper and turned it in . She hoped the teacher would be amused . Her art teacher was not amused at all , and gave her a failing grade .	PERSON waited until the last minute to do his art project . He was a pretty good drawer so he was n't worried about it . That morning when he handed in his project he was embarrassed . The other kids had clearly put more work into their art . His teacher looked disappointed as she took it from him .	PERSON hated art . She had to make a collage . She did not finish in time . So she failed the project . PERSON broke down in tears .
ride	I was walking back from the store . It was a hot day . A man gave me a ride the rest of the way . He was a little rude to me . I thanked him anyway .	We asked the dog if she wanted to go for a ride . She got very excited . She started jumping on us and howling . We got her pretty pink leash . She happily bounded out the door for a ride with us .	PERSON was driving down the road . He saw his friend PERSON walking . He stopped his car . He gave her a ride . Then he went home .	One day I went for a ride . I took my time on my ride , since I was very bored . During this ride I listened to a lot of music and got some food . I went fast on the highway for a majority of the ride . When I was on my way home I stopped and got food for my mom .	My wife took our car in for service yesterday . She had to take mass transit to work . She is not used to the MBTA , but managed . She planned to take the bus to get the car . Her co worker graciously gave her ride to the service station .
drugs	PERSON was a drug addict . He tried to quit on his own , but could n't . Then his mom sent him to rehab . PERSON learned many valuable skills there . Now he is drug free !	Drugs controlled my life at one time . I went to rehab . The people there helped me . We talked about what I wanted out of life . I am sober now .	The man did too many drugs . He called for help . They sent an ambulance . The paramedic pumped his stomach . They saved the man 's life .	PERSON was easily persuaded . He was convinced by his friends to try out heroin . He felt better than he ever did from the hit . He ended up getting addicted . He overdosed the third time he did it .	PERSON had an addiction . He needed to quit drugs but he did n't know how to . His family had an intervention with him . he has to go to rehab He is glad .
the hat	I wore an elf hat to work one day . My co-worker laughed and said I looked like and elf . I told him that I was going for the elf look . The co-worker asked where I got the hat from . I refused to tell him because I wanted to be the only elf .	I saw a nice hat at the store this morning . The hat was grey with a big bill . I bought the hat and decided to wear it all day . Many people told me that they liked my hat . I decided to buy another hat so I could have a spare .	My friend has a hat . The wind blew his hat away . My friend chased his hat . I chased his hat with him . We caught my friends hat .	PERSON decided she wanted a hat . She went shopping for one . The hat she wanted was too expensive . PERSON decided to save up until she had enough . When she had enough , the hat she wanted was gone .	The weather was getting colder . The boy looked in his closet for a warm hat . He finally found one and pulled it on . The hat was furry and warm . The boy was happy to have a hat on when it started snowing .
binge	PERSON was in a really good mood . So he got lots of work and chores done . He rewarded himself with ice cream and cookies . But afterwards he felt jittery and nervous . PERSON ate more and more food until he felt terrible .	I was at the mall . And I was disappointed at the last meal I ate . So I ordered a Thai salad wrap somewhere . It was completely massive and stuffed with ingredients . I regret eating all of it .	PERSON had n't lived near a big store for a long time . The first thing he did was buy a lot of ice cream . He binged out and ate it all in one sitting . PERSON felt very sick for days after that . He swore to have more self-discipline no matter how close a store was .	PERSON lost ten pounds for a wedding . Then she decided to celebrate her success with ice cream . A few snacks turned into weeks of eating everything in sight . Soon PERSON had gained all the weight back ! She was very disappointed in herself .	On Netflix Andrew 's favorite show got new episodes . Andrew the next day got snacks . He was ready to binge watch the new season . He played the first episode and enjoyed it . He watched twenty-two episodes in one day .
noodles	PERSON decided she wanted pasta for lunch . When she arrived there was no sign above the door . She peeked inside and saw soot stains and fire damage . Online she found out they had a fire 2 months ago . PERSON was shocked to find they were closed due to the damage .	Sue was cooking spaghetti noodles . She left in the pot boiling . She got distracted with homework . The water ran out . Sue burned the noodles .	PERSON loved to eat noodles . He decided to make a bowl one day . However , as he was cooking he got a phone call . When he got downstairs , the water had boiled out . His noodles were ruined .	PERSON wanted her mom to show her how to cook . Her mom was happy she wanted to learn and agreed to show her . Together they boiled water . Both PERSON and her mom got distracted by their cell phones . They burned their spaghetti noodles when the water evaporated away .	The kids were hungry . Their mom made them a big pot of noodles . They put butter and Parmesan on it . The kids gobbled the whole plate up . That was their favorite meal !
visit	Angel was in jail . One morning the warden gave him good news . He said PERSON 's wife had come to visit . Thrilled , PERSON went to the visiting room . There , he had a two-hour visit with his wife .	PERSON was nervous to visit her grandma in another country . She had never traveled alone before . But the plane ride was uneventful and even kind of fun ! By the time she got there , she was totally relaxed . PERSON was able to enjoy her trip very much !	Our 2 year old granddaughter visited this weekend . She came from NYC to LOCATION . She was here for four nights . She cried when it was time to go home . We miss her a lot .	My daughter 's old college roommate came to visit today . My daughter is in NYC and her roommate is in LOCATION . She had a great time seeing my daughter 's two year old girl . The girl cried when the roommate left . My daughter cheered her up with chocolate milk .	Last Christmas we visited friends in NH . We spent all of a Sunday there . We had a nice dinner and talked a lot . While getting in the car to go home , I fell and hurt my toe and ribs . The fall put a damper on what had been a nice visit .
the frame	PERSON wanted to hang a picture . She bought a big new frame . She hung it on the wall in her bedroom . In the middle of the night , the frame broke and fell . PERSON was upset that her new frame was ruined .	The girl wanted to hang a photo on her wall . She picked out the perfect frame for it . She had her husband hang the frame just like she wanted . She smiled every time she walked by that wall . It was great to keep memories around the house .	The kids took a great picture together . Their mom put it in a frame in the living room . She loved looking at it every day . The next year , the kids took another picture . The mom put that one next to the first one .	The woman had a photo printed . She bought a frame to hang it on the wall . She nailed into the wall but she hit too hard and made a hole ! SHe put the frame over the hole and covered up the damage . Now that frame would have to stay there forever !	The family had taken a great family photo . The mom put it in a frame on the wall . They all admired how great the photo was . Every time she looked at it , she smiled . She decided to add other family photos as well .
betrayal	PERSON decided to surprise his girlfriend with two tickets to a concert He called his girlfriend but she said she was sick . PERSON decided to bring PERSON with him instead . At the concert , he saw his girlfriend kissing another man . He broke up with her in front of everyone .	PERSON had a girlfriend named PERSON . PERSON 's best friend , PERSON started flirting with her . PERSON ended up having sex with LOCATION . After finding out this , PERSON was crushed . He broke off his friendship and relationship .	PERSON is best friends with PERSON . PERSON 's boyfriend hates PERSON . One day PERSON plays a prank on PERSON 's boyfriend . He gets so mad he tells PERSON not to speak to PERSON . PERSON and PERSON never speak again .	My niece 's child , K , is 17 . Her father promised to take her to LOCATION this summer . She was going with her half sister . The father told my niece he wanted money to take K on the trip . K was upset that her father was so miserly , and did not go .	PERSON had been with PERSON for awhile . But one day she saw him kiss someone else . PERSON was horrified . She decided to leave him . She never looked back .
golf	I asked my brother to play golf when I was young . He would always play , but I was never included . He told me once I got better that I could play with him . But from the first time I played with him , I beat him . I have never lost since and I keep teasing him about that .	There was a big golf tournament . I was faced against a big rival . On the last six holes it was all on the line . And I finished him off . I crushed my drives and won the match .	PERSON tried out for the golf team at school . He did n't make the team that year . His coach told him he could n't hit the golf ball every time . PERSON spent the next year perfecting his golf swing . He became amazing and the next year he made the team !	PERSON PERSON was furious . He 'd been playing golf , and hit a bad chip . The ball chipped so hard it hit a bird , and landed in the forest . Tunngly searched for an hour , but found his ball . His next shot ended up in the water .	PERSON decided to go play golf yesterday . All of his friends were at work . PERSON went to the course alone . He was paired with another solo player . The other player was much better than PERSON which embarrassed him .
beer	I was seventeen . My friends invited me to a party . There was beer at the party . My friends offered me beer . I declined because I was of a strong moral character .	PERSON was having friends over for drinks . But PERSON had no beer . So he drove to the store . He found the biggest pack of his favorite beer and got it . Him and his friends had a good night drinking beer .	I did not drink beer until I was 26 . I was a night school grad student . I took a seminar in science and society . The professor offered us beer in his lab . I had a Coors .	PERSON invited his friends over for some beers . But he had no beer . So he went to the store and got some . His friends went over . They all got drunk and had a good time .	Frank was a big drinker . One night PERSON and his friend had a drinking contest . Frank drank nearly two beers for every one of his friends . Near the end they both could barely stand . Frank was declared the winner while he was passed out in a can pile .
movie time	PERSON went to see a movie with his friends . They got to the theater and found some seats . They watched the movie and thought it was funny . They left the theater and got dinner nearby . They enjoyed eating dinner and discussing the movie together .	PERSON wanted to do something fun . Her husband did too . They looked up movies to watch . They found one at a dollar movie theatre . They ran over there quickly .	PERSON wanted to watch a movie with his friend . He popped some popcorn . He put drinks on the table . His friend never showed up . He had to watch the movie all by himself .	PERSON and her friends decided to check out the new movie . They had been dying to see it . Finally they got to the theater . During the movie , someone had their feet against her chair . PERSON had to yell at them .	Will and his kids decided to go and see a movie . They discussed which movie to see . They narrowed it down to either Peanuts or Finding Dory . They chose to see the Peanuts movie . Will and the kids laughed all through the Peanuts movie !
learning to ride	PERSON was five , and she wanted to learn to ride a bike . Her father said he would help her learn to ride . He tried to teach PERSON , but PERSON was n't patient at all . He yelled at PERSON when she fell over . PERSON 's mother taught her to ride a bike .	PERSON had never learned to ride a bike during her childhood . This did n't bother her until she found herself living in a large city . With no money to afford a car , she knew biking would be necessary . She convinced herself it would be easy as she purchased a large bike . As she fell for the 4th time , she knew she had been wrong .	PERSON wanted a new bike . She had to learn how to ride without training wheels first . So her dad took her out to learn on Sunday afternoon . She rode up and down the road with her dad . By the end of the afternoon she could ride a two wheel bike .	PERSON finally got the saddle on her horse . When she mounted you could tell she was scared . The horse started to amble nervously . Finally PERSON yelled at the horse to calm down . Then the two of them rode off quietly together .	PERSON was learning to ride his bike . His father held the bike as he pedaled . PERSON 's father let go of the bike . He realized his father was n't holding him . PERSON got nervous and tumbled off of the bike .
new friends	All of PERSON 's friends said he should lose some weight . But PERSON liked his life exactly the way it was . He did n't like exercising or eating healthy . So he chose to find new friends like him . Now he 's a lot happier with people who do n't tell him what to do .	PERSON wanted to make new friends . He knew he would need to start conversations with new people . He asked a new girl about her favorite food . She talked about her numerous allergies . They then became quick friends .	PERSON had trouble making new friends . All the kids would tease him because he was so tall . One day a couple boys were playing catch . Their ball got stuck in a tree . PERSON helped them get it down and they asked him to join .	PERSON was scared to start at a new school . She wanted to impress people , so she bought a new pair of shoes . The next day , she wore her new shoes to school . A group of girls complimented her on her shoes . They all became great friends and PERSON had a great year .	I moved to LOCATION in 2009 . When I settled in LOCATION , I became lonely because I had no friends . I ended up meeting a few cool people at a bar one night . Since meeting them we have become really good friends . I am very happy that I met people that I get along with in LOCATION .
wasted money	I was at the mall . And I wanted to eat sushi at a Japanese restaurant . Because of time issues , I ordered it to go . I was told there would be 8 pieces of sushi . But when I opened the container later , there were 5 tiny pieces .	PERSON was going hiking . In preparation for her trip , her bought new gear . However , her trip was cancelled last minute . PERSON could not return her gear . She wasted all her money on new hiking gear .	PERSON was going to go start running . He bought new shoes in order to increase his performance . However , while he was out one day , he turned his ankle . He was not able to run anymore . PERSON felt like he wasted his money on new shoes .	PERSON was going on a camping trip . She had bought a lot of gear in preparation . However , a storm came . The trip was cancelled . PERSON ended up wasting a lot of money .	Harry was going to go hiking last week . He bought so much gear in preparation . However , when he was about to go , he could not find his tent . He ended up staying home . All that money spent ended up being for nothing .
PERSON 's first job	PERSON seen a job ad while on the school computer . He filled out the application and submitted it . Later that day , He is called by HR to come in for a interview tomorrow . Next day , PERSON goes to his job interview which last 20 minutes . After the interview , the company offered him the job and he accepted .	PERSON tells her parents she wants a job . Her parents agree to let her look for one . PERSON puts in lots of applications . She finally gets a call to work in a factory . PERSON works her first job and earns her first paycheck .	PERSON wanted a new video game for his computer . He asked his mom if she would buy it for him . She told him he would have to buy it himself . He got a job at the video game store . When he earned enough , he bought the game own his own .	PERSON had her very first job as a babysitter . She arrived at the home of the children and got to know the family . The parents left and she fed the children dinner . They played the rest of the night until bedtime . When the parents got home , they paid her .	PERSON wanted to work at a clothing store . She applied to many clothing stores in her town . PERSON went to a couple of interviews . Her top choice called her a week later to hire her . PERSON was so excited to start working at her new job !
PERSON 's cake	PERSON likes to cook . Yesterday she decided to bake a cake . He added chocolate to the doubt . She put it in the oven . Twenty minutes later the cake was ready .	PERSON 's friend PERSON always bragged about what a baker she was . PERSON trusted her friend , and asked PERSON to cater a birthday . Gloria arrived late and unprepared , but PERSON was still confident . When PERSON brought out a horrible , dry cake , she changed her mind . PERSON decided she would never trust a braggart again .	PERSON decided to make a cake for her friend 's birthday . She purchased all of the ingredients . Everything was mixed and placed in the oven . PERSON forgot to set a timer and the cake burned . Now , she goes and buys cakes from the store .	PERSON was going to bake cupcakes for her daughter 's party . She could n't find the cupcake tin . Karen only had a few hours before the party . PERSON decided to make a regular cake instead . She served the cake for the party .	It was PERSON 's birthday . PERSON 's friends bought her a chocolate creme cake ! Nobody knew PERSON was allergic to chocolate . PERSON ate a slice of the cake . She got very sick and threw up .
broken ankle	PERSON broke his ankle playing sports . He was mad that he could n't play sports for two weeks . He sat in the house bored . He then had an idea . He would play video games that were just like the sports he played .	PERSON was at his first punk rock concert . He eagerly jumped into the mosh pit . But the other concertgoers were much bigger than him ! PERSON ended up with a broken ankle . He wished he had n't gone into the mosh pit .	PERSON and PERSON were in a ballroom dancing class together . They were so good that they were told to enter a contest . So they entered and then practiced every day and night . Unfortunately , they fell during practice and PERSON broke his ankle . They could n't dance and were forced to drop out of the contest .	PERSON broke his ankle just before a big football match at school . He was very disappointed to watch everything from the bench . His team lost the match due to low spirit . And they lost all the matches that followed until his ankle healed . As soon as he was back on the field , they finally won again .	PERSON loved jogging . He went out every morning . One morning he tripped and fell . He broke his ankle . He was n't able to run anymore and gained weight .
chocolate cake	PERSON baked a cake . She put on chocolate icing . She gave it to her sister for her birthday . Her sister threw it at the wall . PERSON knew her sister was allergic to chocolate .	PERSON loves chocolate . For her birthday she ordered a large chocolate cake . At the party , she cut into the cake and was shocked to see vanilla . The bakery had made a terrible mistake . PERSON was very disappointed about the birthday cake .	My mother baked a chocolate cake . When it was done , she took it out of the oven . She left it alone in the kitchen to cool . When she got back , there was a footprint in it . My cat had stepped on the cake !	June was making a cake . She forgot to buy sugar . She did not have any at home . She used applesauce instead . It turned out wonderful !	Every year PERSON 's mother baked her a cake for her birthday . She liked them better than the ones from the bakery . Her mother was sick this year for her birthday . She was n't sure she would be able to bake her a cake . But when she got home , a chocolate cake was waiting for her .
the choice	PERSON wanted to go see his favorite team play baseball . The game was on Monday . He did n't have any personal days left at work . PERSON called in sick so he could go to the baseball game . PERSON lost his job .	PERSON had to choose between universities . One was close to home the other across the country . PERSON was torn since both schools had a lot to offer . After weeks of deliberation she made her decision . PERSON decided to stay at home and go to school close by .	PERSON must choose between two schools . His first choice is Harvard . His second Choice is PERSON . PERSON received his letters in the mail . He was elated that he got accepted to both .	My cousin had gotten sick eating spaghetti . He threw up all over my bedroom . The next day my parents took us to an italian restaurant . They ordered me spaghetti . They did n't understand why I could n't eat it .	PERSON and his friends wore dark clothes and snuck out . His friends wanted to spray paint a building so PERSON went with them . When they got to the building 's wall , PERSON felt nervous . Once they began spray painting , PERSON took off and ran . His friends began to call him names , but PERSON felt better .
grocery shopping	I noticed my fridge was getting low on food . I made a grocery list . I went to the store . I found all the items on my list and paid for them . I went home , restocked my fridge , and was happy that I have more food .	PERSON needed groceries . So he drove to the store to buy them . He wandered the aisle picking things he wanted to eat . At the checkout counter he realized he had forgotten his wallet . PERSON went home without his groceries .	PERSON was grocery shopping . She made a list of everything she needed . Unfortunately she forgot the list at home . PERSON tried to wing it . She wound up forgetting half the things .	PERSON went shopping for some groceries . His wife made him a list of things to get . PERSON covered everything on the list . He got a few extra things for himself as well . PERSON 's wife told him he did a good job .	PERSON decided to take her toddler daughter to the grocery store . She put her daughter in the seat portion of the cart . Her daughter reached behind herself to throw items out of the cart . She screamed when PERSON stopped to look at an item . PERSON resolved never to take her child to the store again .
the glasses	PERSON was working in a factory . He had safety glasses that he wore while he worked . One day , a shard of glass broke off and hit the glasses . They had saved his eyesight ! PERSON was sure he would continue to wear the safety glasses .	PERSON had terrible eyesight . He bought glasses to help him read . Soon , he was reading a book every week . PERSON realized his eyesight had kept him from enjoying books . Now he wanted to make up for all that lost time .	PERSON 's eyesight was poor . She got some glasses from her eye doctor . Everything looked so clear ! She went home and read a book easily . PERSON loved being able to see .	PERSON had a headache . He realized he 'd been squinting when he read the chalkboard . His eye doctor told him he needed glasses . As soon as he put them on , he could see ! PERSON was happy to be headache-free !	PERSON was squinting . He could n't find his glasses . He knew he 'd be in trouble if he had lost them . He looked high and low . He finally found them under his bed .
mall	PERSON needed some new clothes . She decided to go to the mall . Hours went by before she was done shopping . At home , she looked at the charges on her credit card . She realized she needed to be more careful spending money .	We went to the mall to buy christmas presents . It was pretty crowded and the parking lot was nuts . We circled the lot trying to find a space . We eventually wanted one but someone wanted to fight us for it . We just let them have it and tried to find a new spot at the mall .	PERSON wanted to go to the mall with me one day . We did n't know this but it was a holiday , so it was very busy ! She looked around at clothes and we got a burger from a food place . She asked me if I wanted to look anywhere but I was n't interested . On our way home she told me that she bought a few shirts .	PERSON was going on a shopping trip . She drove to the mall with her friends . There , they shopped for hours . kay bought several new outfits . She had a great time on her shopping trip !	PERSON enjoyed walking around his local mall . But he noticed that they were remodeling many old parts . After the remodeling was finished , most people liked the changes . But PERSON no longer felt the same connection with the mall . He no longer walked around the mall .
ice cream party	PERSON and her class were having an ice cream party . But she was lactose intolerant . So she felt excluded . After school , everyone talked about how great the ice cream party was . And PERSON felt sad .	PERSON played baseball for the local little league team . They played in a big game yesterday and won . PERSON 's coach wanted to take the team out for ice cream . Each player asked their parents if they could go . The entire team got to go and enjoyed their ice cream .	April was turning six years old . She wanted an ice cream birthday party . Her mother agreed to the request . It was a very hot day on her birthday . All the ice cream melted into mushy mess .	PERSON invited her friends over for an ice cream party . Her mom brought out 10 different flavors . PERSON and her friends made some silly combinations of ice cream . They all ate a lot of it and were full . They then watched a movie and went to sleep .	It was a hot day out . As a result , PERSON wanted to have an ice cream party . She got her friends together to have a party . They got the ice cream out . It was the party of the year .
food poisoning	PERSON went out to lunch with some of his friends . They all enjoyed their meal but soon started to feel ill . By the next day all of them were very sick . They all had to miss work ! PERSON and his friends will never go to that restaurant again .	PERSON ordered Chinese food . That same night he felt sick to his stomach . He threw up and had diarrhea . The next day he got checked up . A doctor told him he had minor food poisoning .	The Italian soccer team went on the field . They started running drills . One of the team members fell ill . Then several others complained of stomach pain . They realized that they had all ate at the same place for lunch .	PERSON and PERSON loved Indian food . One night , they decided to order some for dinner . When it arrived they ate it all hungrily . The next morning , though , PERSON was sick from food poisoning . Indian food was ruined for him forever after .	PERSON had a big cookout . He invited several family and friends . Unfortunately he used some bad meat . Several people got sick . PERSON had given them food poisoning .
meditation	PERSON gets angry easily at work . Her friend , PERSON , recommended that she starts to meditate . PERSON trusts PERSON so she tries to meditate . The next day PERSON does not get mad at all during work . PERSON notices this , and now they meditate during breaks together .	PERSON was relaxing at home listening to an audiobook . His favorite philosopher was talking about meditation . The philosopher began leading a mindfulness meditation exercise . PERSON laid on his bed and meditated for the first time . He really enjoyed the relaxing experience .	One time I was drinking at my friend 's house . He mentioned he could do guided meditation and I got excited . We set up everything and I closed my eyes while he spoke . I came back feeling very mellow and relaxed . I felt light and at ease for several days afterward .	PERSON was constantly stressed out . So she thought about learning how to meditate properly . Her Buddhist friend tried to instruct her . But PERSON was not patient enough . PERSON 's meditation practice ended up making her more stressed out .	PERSON was very upset . She could n't clear her mind . So she went on youtube . She put on mediation music . She then started to feel better .
ballet recital	I was taking ballet classes as a child . The recital was coming soon and I was nervous . I practiced hard at home and in class . Finally , the recital came and I nervously performed for the first time . I made a few mistakes , but ended up doing fine !	PERSON was having her ballet recital . She was afraid she would fall . Unfortunately she did . She tripped on the dancefloor . She got right back up afterward .	PERSON was running late for his daughter 's ballet recital . Work ran late and now he was stuck in traffic . He called his daughter 's phone but there was no answer . PERSON groaned as his car inched forward . The recital was still many miles away .	LOCATION had her first ballet recital . She had invited all her friends and family . As she waited behind the curtain , her heart was beating fast . She danced nicely in spite of her high level of stress . At the end , her friends gave her flowers and clapped their hands .	PERSON loved doing ballet . Unfortunately she was also very shy . She would get bad stage fright . ON the night of her first recital she was n't able to perform . It took a lot of encouragement to get her out for her second one .
trade	Yesterday my favorite baseball team made some changes . They traded out one of my favorite pitchers . I sat there stunned that they would make such a move . I read all the news about it . I was very unhappy that he had been traded .	They were sold out of medium shirts . All that was left was larges . My friend wanted to trade with me . She is smaller than me . So I traded with her .	PERSON was feeling extremely thirsty . All she had on her was some chocolate . PERSON then ran into her friend , PERSON . PERSON held a bottle of water and was known to have a sweet tooth . The two friends decided to trade their items .	PERSON wanted to learn to french braid . Her cousin PERSON wanted to learn to perm . Each girl knew the trick the other wanted . They decided to get together and trade tricks . Now each girl is great at two different hairstyles !	My FB friend PERSON bought a big screen tv . It is 50 '' in diagonal length . She showed it off on FB . She said she canceled cable to get the tv . She still has a streaming service .
elevator	Every day on his way to the office , PERSON took the elevator upstairs . He often chatted with coworkers while in the elevator . One day , the elevator got stuck between floors . PERSON and his coworkers were stuck for almost 15 hours . PERSON now only takes the stairs .	Seven people got stuck in an elevator when the power went out . They tried to reach help with the emergency phone but no one answered . Two men were trying to pry the door open when they heard gunshots . Everyone held their breath in the darkness , listening in fear . After the robbery was stopped by the police , EMS got them out .	PERSON lived in a city on the 17th floor . Once she came home from work . She found out the elevator was broken . She did not want to use the stairs to get home . She decided to have a coffee in a close coffee shop instead .	I take an elevator to get to my office . This morning the elevator got stuck . I was waiting for help for hours . Because I was stuck , I was late for work . My boss was angry at first , but then he laughed .	PERSON took the elevator to the 34th floor . Halfway there , the elevator ground to a halt . PERSON and the other people in the elevator pressed the help button . No one answered them . PERSON helped pry the elevator door open , and crawled to safety .
bad idea	PERSON always wanted to ride a bull . His friends took him to a bar with a mechanical bull . After a few drinks PERSON had built up the nerve to get on it . He had no idea what he was doing . The bull flung PERSON across the mat and he hurt his leg .	PERSON sat around a fire making himself s'mores . The marshmallow caught fire as he warmed it up . PERSON tried to wave the burning marshmallow to blow it out . The marshmallow instead flew threw the air onto dead leaves . The leaves caught fire and PERSON began to panic .	PERSON was at a party with his friends . He suggested that he order a pizza . His friends told him to order whatever toppings he liked . He happily got pineapple on the pizza . PERSON ate most of the pizza by himself .	PERSON wanted to wash some laundry . He was out of detergent though . He got an idea . He used dish soap instead of detergent . The washer overflowed with bubbles .	Sterling wanted to build a wall made of beer bottles . He thought it would impress the ladies that came into his dorm room . Sterling started collecting every bottle he could find . As he started to stack the bottles against the wall they fell . Sterling 's room smells like old beer and everyone thinks it stinks .
burnt toast	PERSON was making some breakfast . He decided to make some toast . Unfortunately his toaster did n't work well . PERSON wound up burning the toast . It created enough smoke to set off the smoke alarm .	PERSON was making toast . She put some in the toaster and started watching television . The toast got stuck and started to burn . PERSON was too invested in tv to notice . Eventually the smoke alarm had to alert her .	PERSON 's toaster has very sensitive settings . The first time his girlfriend tried to make toast it burned . She thought it would just be browned a bit . Instead it literally started a fire . The alarm went off as a reminder to buy a new toaster .	PERSON was always forgetful . So he parents were nervous whenever he made food . PERSON put bread in the toaster and went back to his room . His parents smelled smoke and quickly turned off the toaster . PERSON was never allowed to make food by himself again .	PERSON wanted to make toast . He put the bread in the toaster . He moved on to do other things . Before he knew it the bread had burnt . He was n't sure why the toaster did n't prevent it .
book signing	PERSON 's hero was a writer . He was going to be at a local book store doing a signing . PERSON excitedly waited hours for it . Once he got the chance to finally meet him he was disappointed . The writer was rude and indifferent .	PERSON went to the book signing . She was excited to meet the author . She waited in line for two hours . PERSON found a copy of the new book . She posed with the author and got the book signed .	PERSON saw that her favorite actress was having a book signing . She therefore immediately went over to check it out . She waited in line for hours . Finally she met the actress . PERSON was star struck .	PERSON had her fantasy novel published by a major publisher . It was a best-seller . She arranged to sign her book at a bookstore . Many of her fans came to see her and have their books signed . PERSON was so touched and happy other people liked her story .	PERSON 's favorite author was coming to town . She could n't wait to meet him . She went down to the bookstore to get a copy signed . When PERSON met him she got nervous . Thankfully he let her take a picture .
cat lady	PERSON 's landlord said that she could have one cat . She went to the shelter to adopt one . The shelter was over populated which made PERSON sad . PERSON adopted seven cats instead of one . PERSON 's landlord was mad .	PERSON loves her cats . She treats them like family . PERSON makes sure they live a happy life . Her cats show her plenty of affection . They love her too .	I pay a person to feed my mother 's cats while she 's in the hospital . I pay her in advance for her services . I sent the check on the first of the month . She has called and texted me daily asking where is the check . I am looking for someone else to tend the cats .	PERSON wanted to get a pet . Her landlord would n't let her get one . She decided to get one anyway , and got a cat . Her landlord found out she had gotten a cat . Luckily , her landlord had 10 cats herself , and so did n't mind .	PERSON was a cat lady . She owned 20 cats . Her neighbors reported her because her cats had mange . The authorities took away her cats . PERSON drowned herself in her pool because her cats were gone .
the train	Frank had never been on a train before . He was excited , but a little nervous . The train left the station as Frank found his seat . He looked out the window as the countryside rolled by . He really enjoyed riding on the train .	I 've always liked trains . I was excited when I won a free trip on one . I did n't expect to win . Unfortunately I could n't take the time off work . So I had to sell the tickets to a friend .	The family packed up their suitcases . They boarded the train . They were going into the city for the weekend . When they arrived , they all climbed off the train . They were happy not to mess with their car while visiting .	Today I took a train to meet my friends . The train was very loud and made it hard to sleep . I tried to take some sleeping pills to help me sleep . I fell asleep so hard that I missed my stop . I called my friends and bought a new ticket to meet up with them .	PERSON was nervous about going on the train for the first time . As she got on , the sounds of the engine scared her . When the train started moving , PERSON looked out the window with awe . She stayed by the window for the whole ride . Now PERSON loves taking train rides !
morning	I jumped out of bed excited . I ran to open my presents . My aunt handed me the first one . It was the plastic pony I wanted . I refused to open the rest while I played with my pony .	One morning PERSON woke up . He realized he was late . He quickly got ready and grabbed his coffee . On the way , he spilled his coffee on his pants . PERSON was even more late to work since he had to get new pants .	Frank woke up with a splitting headache . He went to the cabinet and found no coffee . Went to check his bank account and found no money . PERSON decided today was n't his day . He layed down and went back to sleep .	I woke up to make the coffee . The dog ran to the back door . She started growling loudly . I opened the door to let her out . She nearly broke the door in her effort to get outside .	This morning I went to the grocery store . I purchased eggs , bread , juice and some berries . I made omelets with fresh fruit on the side . My family enjoyed their breakfast and asked for more . After breakfast we all went on a walk to help us digest .
stray cat	PERSON saw a stray cat on the street . She felt very bad for it . She began putting out food for it . It began to approach her more and more . Soon the ex-stray was PERSON 's new pet !	PERSON has a cat living in his yard . His wife approves of the cat . The cat catches mice for them . One day PERSON gave the cat food . The cat decided to stick around .	PERSON lived in the city . One day he found a stray cat . He gave the cat some tuna fish . The cat began to purr . PERSON decided to keep the cat .	My dad loves cats . He found a stray cat in the neighborhood . My dad felt very bad for the stray cat . He began feeding it every day . He decided to adopt the cat .	PERSON was walking home . A small cat started following him . PERSON thought the cat was cute . It followed him all the way home . PERSON eventually took it in .
sleepy	My daughter decided she wanted to be a dwarf for halloween . She looked everywhere for the perfect costume . She said she wanted to go as Sleepy . Unable to find a costume , she settled with PERSON . Everyone thought she was the cutest kid that halloween .	I was feeling very sleepy . Alas , I had a project to finish . I decided to drink some coffee . However , I fell asleep . Thus , I did n't finish the project so I failed it !	I woke up way too early . I wanted nothing more than to go back to sleep . My back started hurting , and I could n't get comfortable . I rolled into every position imaginable . I finally gave up and got out of bed .	PERSON noticed he was always tired so he went to the doctor for help . His doctor asked PERSON if he slept through the night regularly . PERSON could n't remember the last time he had slept through the night . The doctor gave him a small sample of sleeping pills to try . After taking a pill for four nights , PERSON felt awake during the day .	PERSON was always tired . Even if he slept his eight hours a night , he 'd nap . So when his girlfriend came over one night , he did the same . She woke him up . And she stormed on him as he fell asleep while they were kissing .
goals	PERSON was an ambitious person . He set very high goals . He would usually not reach his goals . His goals were so high that there was glory in even failing . PERSON was happy with his goal setting and reaching performance .	I prepared for college by studying hard . I graduated college and created the perfect resume . I scheduled interviews with the biggest internet companies . I wooed the interviewers with my brilliance and candor . I knew I reached my goal when several companies offered me a position .	PERSON had many goals for the summer . He would clean his whole house . He would also learn how to skate . However , he did n't have time to complete any goals this summer . He decided he would complete them in the fall .	PERSON 's goal is to be able to lift a car . He thinks it 'll make him more impressive than other weight lifters . PERSON buys protein drinks and other supplements . He practices every day . He 's sure he 'll eventually accomplish his goal .	Jan had always been a trouble maker . When he finally decided to straighten up , he had trouble finding work . He managed to get a low paying job at his favorite video game company . Because he loved his work , he did well and was promoted within a year . Five years later , he heads a major division of the company .
barbecue	The man wanted to have a barbecue . He invited lots of friends over . He bought lots of meat . It poured down rain on the day of the barbecue . The man had to cancel the barbecue .	PERSON loves barbecuing . She learns new recipes for making ribs and burgers . PERSON always throws barbecues for her friends and makes them food . PERSON 's friends want to show how much they appreciate her cooking . They buy PERSON a grill as a surprise .	PERSON wanted some barbecue chicken . He had some chicken but no barbecue . So he went too the store to get barbecue . PERSON went home to cook the chicken . PERSON had some barbecue chicken .	Brad always loved to cook barbecue . PERSON entered his first barbecue cooking competition . He had to borrow a grill and a truck to get there . PERSON won his first competition . He was so excited , he could not wait to compete again .	I was setting up for a barbecue in my backyard . We were n't sure if the grill was going to work , so it was stressful . I got the gas for the grill and attached it . The grill would n't turn on at first but eventually it did . I started barbecuing the food and all went great !
gaming	PERSON went to the casino with $ 20 , hoping to win big . But she lost $ 1 at a time until she was almost broke ! She bet her very last dollar at slots . To her surprise , alarms started ringing . Min had won the $ 5000 jackpot !	A team competed in an NBA 2K tournament . They did really good in the rounds . They went to LOCATION LOCATION to compete . They performed really well ! They won the competition .	PERSON and his brother were invited to a PERSON PERSON party / The party was at Cody 's best friend PERSON 's house . They played PERSON PERSON all day and had a ton of fun . Once it got late at night they were forced to go to bed . In the morning they went home excited for the next game day .	My mother teased me for playing too many videogames . I practiced competitive games with my friends . I entered a tournament with a lot of prize money . I earned $ 10,000 with my win in the tournament . My mother actually apologized to me for the teasing .	PERSON likes to play video games . He is a very competitive person . When he gets a game he tries to be the very best at it . PERSON 's family wishes that he did not play so many games . PERSON often misses things because he would rather be playing games .
dress	PERSON was looking forward to the school prom She went dress shopping with her mother . They picked out a beautiful dress together . She wore it to her prom . Her date told her she looked beautiful and she blushed .	PERSON and PERSON were going to a party . They both arrive at the same time . They glanced over and realized they were wearing the same dress . They joked about it . They then started hanging out together .	PERSON wanted to make a dress . She bought patterns and fabric . But as she tried to cut out her pieces , she became frustrated . PERSON realized that dressmaking was very difficult . She decided to just buy herself a dress at the store instead .	PERSON needed a new dress for prom . She was too scared to ask her mom . They did not have much money . She decided to get a job . PERSON was happy when she bought her own dress .	The girl made a dress . The dress was pretty . All her friends wanted one . She made each friend a dress of their own . He friends each wore the dress at the girl 's wedding .
knitting	PERSON enjoys running . Until one day he got hurt . The doctor said he was unfixable , and PERSON was sad . He needed a new outlet for his stress and anger . He threw all of his attention into knitting , and he became happy again	PERSON was knitting a blanket . First she wound the yarn around her knitting needles . Then she hooked and looped until it began to take shape . When it was done , she finished the edges neatly . Then PERSON gave her mom the blanket as a gift .	PERSON wanted to learn how to knit . So she asked her mother to teach her how to knit . Her mom agreed to teach her how to knit . PERSON was taught the next day . After practicing a lot she knitted her mom a blanket .	PERSON wanted to get something special for her Grandma 's birthday . She wanted to hand knit a hat and scarf , but did n't know how to knit . She bought knitting supplies and looked up knitting tutorials online . She was able to knit the hat and scarf in time for the birthday . Her grandmother loved them !	PERSON liked to knit hats for her friends . She spent all weekend knitting hats of all colors for each friend . She brought them to school one day . But she noticed something horrible . She forgot to knit a hat for PERSON her best friend !
the squirrel	PERSON was walking through the park one day when she saw a squirrel . She offered it a nut . The squirrel slowly approached . Instead of eating the nut , it attacked ! It jumped on PERSON 's face and bit her nose .	PERSON 's dog was acting very hyper . She decided to take him on a walk . On the walk PERSON 's dog saw a squirrel . He broke away from the leash and chased the squirrel down the street . PERSON was relieved when he finally returned back a few minutes later .	PERSON was driving her car on the highway . A squirrel ran out in front of her car . She swerved to avoid it but almost caused an accident . She was honked at by two other cars that almost crashed . She wondered after that if it was worth swerving in the first place .	The squirrel climbed down the tree . The squirrel looked around the yard . There were no dogs . The squirrel chewed on some grass . The squirrel climbed back up the tree .	There was a squirrel running around outside of my apartment . He appeared to be panicking greatly . Then I saw what he was running from , a giant snake ! The snake was intent on catching the squirrel for dinner . Luckily the squirrel made it up a tree before the snake caught him .
watermelon	PERSON bought a watermelon . She tried to cut it open with an electric knife . Her hand slipped while she was cutting . The knife cut through her finger . She had to go to the hospital .	PERSON was tilling his corn crops one summer morning . A salesman drove up selling seed . PERSON bought some and planted what he thought was corn . A few weeks later , he noticed it was watermelon . PERSON cursed the salesmen for the wrong seed .	My Dad likes watermelon very much . He always wants my Mom to buy him watermelon . Good watermelons are hard to pick out . The last three watermelons my Mom has bought have been great ! I think she has finally learned how to pick a good watermelon .	PERSON bought watermelon seeds for his garden . He thought he bought the red seedless variety . He planted them and watched them grow . When it was time to pick them , he was excited . However , PERSON opened one up and they were orange with seeds !	PERSON planned to have a hot dog for lunch . But the weather turned out hotter than he anticipated . So PERSON ate watermelon instead . He love its juicy , sweet taste . And he was glad that it was healthier than a hot dog too .
the candle	PERSON bought a new candle . She thought it was a particular scent . When she lit it the aroma was different . She checked the label . PERSON had accidentally bought the wrong one .	PERSON burned his favorite candle before a date . He was sure he would impress this girl . She came over and noticed the smell . She found it to be enchanting and was excited . They fell in love then .	The woman loved making her house feel homey . She would have lots of candles lit in the kitchen . They were warm and made it smell so good ! Everyone that visited commented on how cozy her house was . She made sure to always have candles on hand .	PERSON 's house smelled like pumpkins . She had lit a new candle . The smell spread throughout the house . Her friend asked where she had bought it . The candle became very popular .	PERSON curled up on the coach with a good book to read . He then smelled burning . PERSON ran to the kitchen to find the smell . Discovering nothing , he went back to his book . The book was burned , he had been sitting too close to the candle .
PERSON goes to the dentist	Yesterday my seven year old , PERSON , went to the dentist . He was really scared on the way there . When we arrived he sat nervously in the waiting room . When his name was called he went with the nurse to the exam room . When he came back , his teeth were clean and there were no cavities !	PERSON had a dentist appointment . He waited in the waiting room . The hygienist called PERSON 's name . PERSON laid in the exam chair while the hygienist cleaned his teeth . Finally , the dentist came in to look for cavities .	PERSON went to the dentist for the first time in two years . He had a cleaning , exam and x-rays done by the dentist . After the exam , the dentist told PERSON he had three cavities . PERSON was relieved that was all he had . He made an appointment for the fillings and went home happy .	PERSON went to the dentist . He was not taking good care of his teeth . The dentist found two cavities . The dentist told PERSON that he needed to floss more . PERSON learned his lesson and promised to do better .	PERSON had a pain in his tooth , so he decided to go to the dentist . The dentist told him he must have his tooth extracted . The dentist put PERSON to sleep . When PERSON woke up , the lights were off . They had forgot about him and left him in the office !
flat	PERSON was driving home one day . Suddenly she heard a strange bumping noise . She got out and saw that her tire had gone flat . She pulled into a gas station and unscrewed her valve caps . There , PERSON filled her own tire for the first time .	PERSON could not sleep at night . He felt that his pillow was too flat . PERSON fluffed up the pillow but that did not work . He reached in the dark for a second pillow . The two pillows were stacked atop each other and PERSON slept soundly .	PERSON heard a weird bumping sound . She pulled her car over and got out to check . Her front tire was flat ! She called the auto club for help . Soon they came to replace her tire .	PERSON was driving home from work one day . Suddenly her ride got very bumpy . She pulled over and got out to check . PERSON saw that she had a flat tire ! She had to call the auto club to come and help her .	PERSON was had a flat tire on his way to work . PERSON hopped out and went to work on changing the tire . PERSON then proceeded on his way to work . PERSON walked into the office and noticed people staring at him . PERSON later saw , in the mirror , that his face was streaked with grease !
spider	I fell asleep on my patio . When I woke up , a spider was on my thigh . I did n't know what to do so I stayed still . The spider ended up crawling onto my head . I screamed and fainted from shock .	PERSON saw a big spider on her wall . She screamed ! Her dad rushed right in . PERSON pointed out the spider . Her dad killed it quickly .	PERSON was afraid of spiders . One night she was brushing her teeth . Then she saw a spider crawling on the sink ! She rushed out of the bathroom and shrieked . Her dad hurriedly came in to take care of the spider .	PERSON was angry when she woke up . The huge spider from the night before was still sitting on her desk . She steeled her nerves and decided to smush it once and for all . She got out of bed and leapt with outstretched fist towards the des When she opened her eyes the spider was gone .	PERSON saw a huge spider crawling on his ceiling . Not wanting to kill it he tried to capture it in a wide mouth jar . Every time he would get close to spider it hopped away . PERSON grabbed a ladder and got right up on the spider . The spider leapt onto his hand causing him to fall off the ladder .
the shirt	PERSON has a work shirt . He is supposed to wear it everyday . Today it was dirty , so he washed it . The shirt shrank in the wash . Now PERSON has to purchase a new work shirt .	PERSON was getting ready for work one morning . He could n't seem to find his white shirt . He checked everywhere and even asked his wife where it was . She told him it was in the dryer . PERSON was late because he had to iron the shirt .	PERSON hated to shop . He found one shirt that fit him really well . He bought it in ten different colors . He liked not having to worry about what he would wear . PERSON threw on one of these shirts every chance he got .	PERSON needed a new outfit . She had a special work event coming up . She saw a shirt online and went to the store to see it . It was even prettier in person ! She wore it proudly to the event .	PERSON got new shoes . Everyone at school loved his shoes . Soon , everyone began wearing them . PERSON was sad that he was not unique anymore . PERSON never wore the shoes again .
funeral	PERSON 's pet goldfish died . Her parents wanted to spare her this knowledge . They quickly bought her a new goldfish . The new goldfish was a different shade of yellow . PERSON noticed but said nothing .	Kia 's teacher died from a heart attack . She went to the funeral with the rest of her class . She cried during the service , but so did everyone else . Afterwards , Kia walked up to the casket . There , she sadly wished her teacher goodbye .	PERSON 's friend had died . She was distraught . She did n't want to go to the funeral . Her mom exhorted her to go , for posterity . Later , PERSON was glad she 'd gone .	My friend 's dad died . I got out of school for the funeral . I remember the family walking with the casket . They were dressed in black . It was a sad day .	PERSON had to go to a funeral . She put on her best dressed clothing . When they got to the funeral home she looked in the casket . It was rather dreary . PERSON could not believe she was dead .
oatmeal	PERSON loved oatmeal . He would eat it whenever he could . He packed some oatmeal for school lunch one day . Once arriving at school , he could n't wait for lunchtime . PERSON was happy and full of his oatmeal by the end of lunch period .	PERSON was proud that she fed her kids oatmeal for breakfast . She promised her kids a treat at lunch for finishing their oatmeal . Each day , the kids left empty bowls of oatmeal in the sink . One day , the sink clogged and a plumber came over . He found the sinks clogged with weeks ' worth of oatmeal .	I decided to eat oatmeal to lose weight and stay healthy . It tasted awful . I added sugar , cinnamon , butter , candy , marshmallows , and chocolate . The new ingredients made it taste amazing . However , I was shocked when I gained 15 pounds .	PERSON woke up very hungry . She decided to make oatmeal for breakfast . She mixed all of the ingredients . PERSON ate the oatmeal very quickly . She felt full until lunch time .	PERSON eats oatmeal every morning . He likes it topped with lots of brown sugar . One day he runs out of brown sugar . He uses honey to top his oatmeal instead . He likes the honey , but thinks brown sugar tastes better .
new hairstyle	PERSON wanted to switch up his hairstyle . PERSON was tired of wearing his hair in cornrows . PERSON decided it was time to cut his cornrows off . PERSON was scared of the change , but decided to embrace it . PERSON was disappointed that he cut his hair off .	I 've had the same haircut for Years . I wanted to try something different . My friends and girlfriend gave me different ideas . Everyone was excited to see what I did . I just kept my old cut again .	PERSON had really long hair . She wanted a shorter hairstyle but did n't know what kind . She looked through several magazines for ideas . Finally she found a picture of the short hairstyle she wanted . She was so happy with the results she treated herself to a nice lunch .	PERSON needed something new . She needed a different hairstyle . She got out scissors and started cutting . She cut off six inches . When PERSON was done she was happy with it .	PERSON wanted a new haircut . She was tired of her old style . She was feeling adventurous . She went to the hair salon . At the last minute she chickened out .
depression	One of our condo neighbors was friendly to us . He drank beer on the porch and smiled a lot . A few years later he suffered from depression . He yelled at children in the condo . Lately he has been getting better after taking medication .	PERSON was at work when the police called . His wife had just been murdered . PERSON wept for months . He lost his job and became depressed . Eventually , a therapist helped PERSON overcome his depression .	I knew something was wrong with me . I could n't shake that helpless feeling . I would n't eat or clean myself up . Desperate for answers I went to the doctor . I learned that I had Depression .	I tried to fight off the sad feelings . Every morning felt increasingly worse . I did n't want to get out of bed . I did n't want to clean the house . I just wanted to disappear into oblivion .	PERSON was the life of the party , well respected , and talented . At the party last night , PERSON saw a boy in the corner . The boy looked sad , so PERSON told him it gets better , and to look up . The boy joined them and they danced , and sang karaoke and laughed . They found PERSON hanging out again the next day .
grounded	PERSON had been caught at school smoking a cigarette . His mom picked him up and yelled the whole way home . In the end she decided to ground him for a month . PERSON was so upset , he threw a huge fit at first . Luckily over time he accepted it and the time did pass slowly .	PERSON 's dad yelled at him . He was grounded from his ipad . PERSON was counting down the days until he was ungrounded . He could n't wait to play his favorite game . PERSON 's electronics were very important to him .	PERSON acted up in school . His principal called his mom . His mom went in for a conference with the principal . When she got home , she grounded PERSON for acting up . PERSON wished he had not been so impulsive .	PERSON had gone swimming at the park . She had n't asked for permission from her mother . Her mother found out and was very upset . PERSON was grounded for a week as a result . PERSON was stuck in the house watching boring daytime TV for a week .	I accidentally broke a window in my house . My dad decided to ground me . I sat in my room all day crying . Suddenly , I had an idea . I would simply draw all day until I was no longer grounded .
video game	PERSON wanted to play a video game . His mom informed him that he needed to do his chores . PERSON cleaned his bedroom . PERSON did the dishes . PERSON was able to play his video game .	PERSON takes her sons to buy a game at GameStop . PERSON is shocked when she see 's the $ 60 price tag . The game is much cheaper on Amazon . The store manager informs her that GameStop does not pricematch . PERSON orders the game from Amazon .	The boy went to a video arcade . He played his favorite machine . His games did n't go very well . He told the owner about his experience . The owner explained that he had made the game settings harder .	PERSON and his friend have a competition . The competition is who can complete a video game faster . John plays day and night for three days to complete game . He finally completes the video game . He beats his friend by a hour .	I just bought a new video game that I can not wait to play . Usually when I get a new game I take days off work and just play it . I like to play it all the way through from beginning to the end . I still have half of my shift to get through before I can go home . This is going to be the longest work shift ever !
bored	PERSON was bored as she waited for her pot of water to boil . To pass the time she played with her kitchen knives . PERSON threw her knife at the wall to make it stick . After a few throws she got better . By the time the water boiled she had deadly accuracy .	Gloria was bored on a rainy Sunday morning . She could n't find anything that she wanted to watch on TV . She started to organize her closet , but that was n't fun . Finally , PERSON resorted to watching funny cat videos online . She finally enjoyed her day .	PERSON was bored . So she decided to eat . She ate chocolate , candy , cookies , and milk . But she began to feel sick later . PERSON was no longer bored .	I was bored . So I turned on the TV . However , nothing was on . I told my wife . She made me wash the dishes .	The kids could n't find anything to do . THey were very bored ! Their mom told them to play outside . They all complained about the heat . They laid in the shade and talked .
PERSON 's decision	PERSON wanted to go on a vacation . He did n't know where he wanted to go , though . He asked his friend for suggestions . His friend told him about his lovely trip to LOCATION the previous mo PERSON decided to go to LOCATION .	PERSON started an internship at a company 1,000 miles away from home . He enjoyed working there a lot . He made plenty of new friends . However , he was home sick to the core . He decided to quit his internship and head back home .	PERSON needed money . He decided to break the law to get it . He cased a nearby convenience store to rob . PERSON attempted to rob it one night . PERSON was interrupted by an off-duty police officer and arrested .	PERSON was unhappy with the way she was being treated at work . She considered giving her two weeks ' notice . Her friend reminded her how tough the job market was . PERSON reconsidered and talked to her boss instead . Her boss apologized and things improved right away .	PERSON was deciding what colleges to apply to . His girlfriend PERSON wanted them to go to the same college . PERSON was n't sure because PERSON was a lot smarter than him . PERSON decided to study hard and retake his SATs . In the end he got into the same college as PERSON .
changes	PERSON had been a nurse for 12 years , and liked her job . But her real passion had always been music . At 36 , she decided to finally pursue her dream . She was apprehensive , but set up a business teaching music . The change had been scary , but she was so happy she had done it .	PERSON always felt feminine on the inside . He decided to see a gender therapist . The therapist had him dress like a woman for a year . Soon , he began transitioning . After a year , he lived everyday as a woman .	PERSON is very mean . She always gets invited to PERSON 's birthday party . PERSON decided to not invite PERSON to her party this year . She discovered her party was much more fun without PERSON . PERSON feels good about her decision .	PERSON 's parents were getting a divorce . She was really scared . She thought her whole life would be bad . Her parents had a big talk with her . She felt a lot better about things .	When she lived in LOCATION PERSON saw a lot of neat things . The school went on many field trips that were a week at a time . She saw the LOCATION LOCATION among other landmarks . It was a daunting sight . No long after the trip the wall was taken down .
driving test	I went to the DMV today to get my drivers license . They had me take a drivers test . A lady named PERSON monitored my driving test . She talked a lot during my test and it was very distracting . I still drove very well and I passed my test .	PERSON had been learning to drive for 4 months . He booked his test but he did n't feel ready . The test day came and he was more nervous than ever . When he started the test , he nearly pulled out on a car . Despite his nerves , he managed to just pass the test .	PERSON was studying her book for tomorrow 's driving test . She had gone through all the classes and done well . That night she went with her dad and drove for two hours . Upon arriving home , her father asked her to open the trunk . Inside the trunk , her father had left a good luck letter for her .	PERSON was turning 16 next week . He was excited to get his driver 's license . His father took him to the DMV . They wanted in line for a long time . Eventually , PERSON passed his test .	When I went to take my driving test my brother had me drive there . I did fine up until parking by the DMV . I accidentally side-swiped an old car while parking . My brother got very mad and had me stop . He told me that he would drive me home and we 'd try again later .
fire hazard	Drew was visiting his parents ' house . He noticed that they stored cleaning products in the garage . They were directly next to the water heater . Drew moved them to avoid the fire hazard . His parents complained about the movement .	PERSON lived alone with his mother . She was a smoker . She would often fall asleep while smoking . PERSON would have to make sure to put her cigarettes out . One time he forgot to .	PERSON 's girlfriend was a hoarder . He kept trying to get her to get rid of stuff . ONe day there was a fire . All her stuff burned up fast . PERSON felt bittersweet about it .	PERSON was sleeping soundly . All of a sudden he woke up to a smoke alarm . He jumped out of bed to see what the problem was . He found his wife in the kitchen with burnt toast . PERSON helped her turn the alarm off .	PERSON smoked a lot of cigarettes . He often tried to smoke inside . One day he fell asleep with a lit cigarette in his hand . It fell and almost caused a fire . PERSON still kept smoking , though .
playing catch	We were all hanging out in the park . PERSON wanted to play catch . So I played catch with her . All the sudden the ball went in the fountain . It got all wet and dirty .	PERSON wanted to play catch with his dad . His dad was too tired from work . PERSON went out to play alone . His dad saw through a window . He felt bad and went out to play with him .	PERSON and his dad did n't hang out muc . PERSON was always asking him to play catch . His dad was too busy to do so . After a while PERSON stopped asking . His dad felt heartbroken .	Zoey likes to play catch . She practices everyday with her dad for her upcoming game . On the day of the game she is very nervous . When the game starts starts , she catches the ball every time . Her team wins the game !	As a little kid I never got to play catch . My dad was always too tired from work . My mom thought it was silly . I would throw the ball up in the air and catch it myself . It was n't the same but it kept me busy .
runaway	One day , a grandma was drinking tea . She offered it to her grandson . He did n't like it . As a result , she made him drink more . Finally , he grew sick of her and ran away from home .	PERSON had a dog named PERSON . PERSON was a good dog , but he liked to run away . One day PERSON decided to take PERSON on a hike . PERSON ran away and was gone all night . The next day , PERSON came back covered in mud and PERSON was very glad .	PERSON 's female cat ran away from home . PERSON was devastated ! Then a neighbor returned the cat , which had been in his yard . He warned PERSON that he had a male cat , but PERSON only smiled . She was n't worried because she had had her cat fixed !	My father caught a fish . He placed it on the ground of the ship . We left the fish to get a few tools . However , the fish managed to hop into the water . We were mad when we noticed that the fish was gone .	PERSON 's dog ran away one night . He found the dog , Mo , missing in the morning . He was devastated and spent all day looking for PERSON ! Luckily , he caught PERSON running around the local park . PERSON was so glad he had found PERSON !
too short	PERSON was a short guy . He tried online dating . Unfortunately a lot of girls underestimated his shortness . One date straight up cancelled . PERSON was really hurt because he could n't change things .	PERSON knew she was taking a chance wearing her new dress to school . The rule was fingertip length . The dress was about half an inch too short , but it was so cute ! In first period her math teacher made her stand to check it . PERSON was embarrassed when she had to go home to change .	PERSON was short . A lot of girls turned him down because of it . PERSON decided to move to an Asian country . There he seemed taller by comparison . It was much easier for PERSON to find a mater .	PERSON wanted to go on the water ride . He was looking forward to it . Then unfortunately he was not allowed . He was too short . PERSON was so upset .	The teacher gave the class a writing assignment . PERSON felt lazy and barely wrote a couple of sentences . The teacher walked to his desk and took his paper . When she read it , she had a weird grin on her face . PERSON felt embarrassed .
PERSON 's mistake	PERSON had just been given a car even though she was only 16 . Her parents trusted her to be smart about the car . But PERSON listened to her friends and they drag raced . PERSON rammed into an elderly woman and killed her . PERSON lost her car and her parents ' trust .	My little rat terrier PERSON loves to chase squirrels . They run up the tree and she barks at them . One squirrel she chased did n't run away so she attacked it . The squirrel was n't having that and bit her in two places . She yelped and now she does n't chase squirrels anymore .	PERSON wanted to wake up early to go fishing . He set his alarm for 5:00 am . He went to sleep . When he woke up , PERSON was surprised to see that it was 8 o'clock . PERSON realized that the volume on his alarm was muted .	PERSON wanted to become a chef . PERSON applied to many restaurants and was finally hired . On PERSON 's first day , he had to prepare fish . Nick prepared the fish incorrectly and customers became ill . PERSON was fired from his job .	PERSON was a very curious five year old . She pretended to drive her dad 's truck . She accidentally hit the emergency brake . The truck rolled back into the street . It stayed in the street until her dad came home with the keys !
beach	PERSON wanted to go to the beach with his friends . He packed up his swimsuit and surfboard . He got in the car and drove to the shore . PERSON stepped out of the car and felt raindrops on his face . He decided it was n't a good day for the beach after all .	My family wanted to go to the beach all summer ! We live very close but did n't have any chances to go . One day I found a lot of free time and asked my mom to go . She was very excited and agreed to go right away ! After we got there she was very happy that she went !	PERSON was going to the beach . She packed all her things and headed to the shore . There , she laid out and tanned . Then she dipped in the water . PERSON had a great time on her beach trip !	PERSON went shell hunting on the beach today . She looked for the prettiest shells she could find . But most of the shells were broken . Then , suddenly , a beautiful cone shell caught her eye . PERSON came home happily with her new find .	PERSON went to the beach one day . She decided to get a suntan . She laid out on the sand . But then she dozed off ! PERSON woke with a terrible sunburn .
blue	We have a cat named Blue . We found him as a small kitten . He has very large ears . Even small noises make him jump ! He is the biggest scaredy-cat I have ever seen !	I have a friend that loves the color blue . His house is blue . His dog is blue . Everything he owns is blue . I went to the movies with him and even his shirt was blue .	PERSON 's depression was reaching a fever pitch . She could barely muster the energy to walk outside to check the mail . The depression hit her all at once . She did n't know where to turn for help . A friend found PERSON in her weakened state and stuck by her .	PERSON liked the color blue . He painted everything he had blue . One day he decided that he preferred red . He had to repaint everything he owned . He missed blue when he was done .	Frank wanted to buy a new blue pickup . His old one was starting to have engine problems . He found a pickup he liked but it was orange . Frank wants a blue pickup so he will keep looking . At another dealer , PERSON found a pickup he liked that was blue .
bad haircut	PERSON 's regular stylist was out of town . She really needed a haircut . She went to someone else at the same salon . She explained she wanted a trim , about a half inch off the ends . The stylist cut off over 2 inches of PERSON 's hair !	PERSON wanted to save money . He went to a cheap salon to get his hair done . They wound up messing up his hair . He had to go to a more expensive salon to get it fixed . PERSON wound up wasting more money .	PERSON went to get a haircut . Unfortunately it was a terrible one . The hairstylist took too much off . PERSON was horrified . She never went back to her .	PERSON went to the barber for a trim before prom . He just needed to shave his hairline in the back to finish up . As he was doing it the barber sneezed . The razor went up the back of PERSON 's head . He had an almost bald streak down the center of his head !	PERSON tried a new hairdresser . He was unsure about it to begin with . The hair dresser messed up his hair . PERSON tipped poorly and left . He had someone else try to fix it .
tie	Will wanted to buy a new necktie . Will looked at the selection in his local men 's apparel store . He boiled it down to a paisley tie and a striped tie . Will asked the clerk which one looked best , who suggested the striped . Will felt great when he bought the striped tie .	PERSON needed a tie for his formal dinner . But he did not own even one . He asked his dad for help . PERSON 's dad borrowed him a lovely tie . PERSON looked very nice at dinner in his borrowed tie .	PERSON was starting a new job and decided to shop for new clothes . He went to the mall and picked out clothes including a new tie . PERSON wore the new tie on his first day of work . He overheard someone in the hallway say that his tie was ugly . When he got home , PERSON threw the new tie in the trash .	PERSON had to wear a suit to his college graduation . But without parents , he had a tough time tying his tie ! Finally he gave up and bought a clip-on . PERSON was worried someone would notice it . But actually , he got many compliments on how nice he looked !	I got a tie from my step dad . It was polka dotted . I remembered how to tie it from a job I had when I was younger . After putting on my shirt , I tied the tie properly . After checking myself in the mirror , I was proud of my tie knot .
snake bite	We had a pet snake when I was a child . My older brother usually took care of it , but sometimes I did . I was feeding the snake , which I had safely done before . This time , however , I was bit by the snake . I recovered quickly , and continued to enjoy our pet snake .	PERSON walked through the grass barefooted to take the trash out . As he opened the dumpster , he felt a bite at his foot . He looked down and saw a snake was biting him . He screamed for help and his mom rushed out to save him . She called 911 and the paramedics treated PERSON 's snake bite .	PERSON felt like he needed to prove himself to his friends . So he booked a trip for an African Safari . He camped out in the woods alone . He did not listen to the precautions given to him by his guide . Since his tent was not properly closed , her got bitten by a snake .	PERSON was walking around in the desert . All of a sudden a snake appeared . It bit tim on his ankle . PERSON had to be rushed to a hospital . Antivenom was administered just in time .	PERSON liked watched nature shows with snakes on TV . She was excited , then , to one day find a snake in her own back yard ! Unfortunately , when she tried to pick it up , it bit her . Her mother had to take her to the doctor to make sure she was okay . From then on , PERSON had a fear of snakes .
the big test	PERSON had a big math test on Tuesday . She needed a grade of at least a B to pass the class . PERSON got tutoring help from PERSON and studied every night to prepare . On the day of the test , PERSON was nervous . Her hard work paid off and she got a B + on the test .	PERSON had a very important test to take the next morning . She normally prepared well for tests , but this time she forgot . She spent all night long cramming material that would be on the exam . When PERSON got to class the next morning , no one was there . She had forgotten the right day of the exam and studied for nothing !	PERSON was nervous about his science test at school the next day . He stayed up all night and studied very hard . He woke up late the next day and did n't have time to eat . He raced to school and sat down nervously . All the studying paid off and PERSON aced his test .	PERSON had to take a very important spelling test . She stayed up late the night before studying the words . When she sat down in class , she was very nervous . PERSON did her very best . The next day , she found out she got an A + .	PERSON had a big test coming up . He was really nervous about it . He was too nervous to properly study . Instead he would just worry and surf the internet . PERSON wound up failing the test .
the snow	Once , when I was younger , my friends and I were in the car . My friend PERSON was driving us to our friend PERSON 's house . PERSON decided he wanted to `` spin the car out really slowly '' , for fun . Of course , the car got stuck in the snow . We all had to dig it out , but we all had a good laugh .	PERSON watched the snow fall when he came home from school . He finished dinner and kept his eye on the snowfall . PERSON made sure he watched the news with his parents that evening . The news informed PERSON that it would snow all night . School was cancelled and PERSON jumped for joy .	Snow fell on my sidewalk overnight . I had to wake up early to shovel it all . My neighbor saw me and walked over . He told me that it would be nice if I did his sidewalk too . I laughed in his face and went back to shoveling .	I have a new favorite show on television . The show is on every weekend and I never miss it . This week I have to be out of town for my job . I asked PERSON if he could record the show for me . He said he will and I ca n't wait to get back from my work function .	It was January and it had been snowing for days . The snow was so deep it was hard to park . PERSON 's car got stuck in the street blocking traffic . She and her brother shoveled the snow behind the car and in the street . It took 30 minutes to move enough snow to park the car .
pepper	PERSON was cooking eggs in the morning . She reached over for her spices . Without looking , she sprinkled them onto the food . After it was finished cooking she sat down to eat . With the first bite , she realized that what she put in was n't pepper .	I bought Pepper from a breeder . He was obviously the runt of the litter . He was black and brown all over when I took him outside that first day . I gave him some taco meat to eat . He got confused and tried to bury it .	I went to visit my aunt and uncle . They brought out their new puppy to meet me . It looked like a round brown poof ball . He was very cute . They said he was a chow chow .	PERSON made macaroni and wants to spice it up a little . He tried a little garlic but it was n't the right spice . He tried Onions but the macaroni did n't mix well . He eventually added a little pepper and he loved it . PERSON now puts pepper on the macaroni every time .	I did n't know what black pepper was . I decided to look it up . I was shocked to find out it was fruit . It felt strange to think about . I almost could n't eat it anymore .
PERSON gets fired	PERSON is a nurse at health center . She loves her job . One day PERSON overheard her boss talking . The boss was being sexiest and PERSON confronted him . PERSON was fired on the spot for the accusations .	PERSON was a fast food worker at wendy 's . He was working as a cashier one day . A customer comes up to complain to him . PERSON gets an attitude with the customer and tells them off . PERSON is shouted at by his boss and fired on the spot .	PERSON is a school janitor . PERSON forgets to clean the boys bathroom . The next day the boys complain about the bathroom . The principle asks him to come to his office . He fires PERSON for not cleaning the boys restroom .	PERSON is working as a school janitor . PERSON is feeling lazy today . PERSON does not do his work all day . The school becomes filthy . PERSON is fired the next day .	PERSON was the manager of a restaurant . She had not been meeting the expectations of her job . She was careless in her work . Her boss fired her for talking on her phone too much . PERSON filed for unemployment at her local government office after .
cold	PERSON decided to go for a walk . But he stepped outside and shivered . The weather had turned cold overnight ! PERSON went back in and put on another sweater . Now he was ready for his walk !	PERSON caught a cold . She at dinner with PERSON . She passed it on to PERSON . PERSON became ill . PERSON cancelled his travel plans due to sickness .	PERSON caught a cold and sneezed throughout the day . She did n't cover her mouth every time she coughed . So she infected everyone she came in contact with . At the end of the day , half of her office was feeling sick . And most of them had to take a day off the next day .	PERSON got a cold one day . He tried to ignore it . But it grew worse , so he went to the doctor . The doctor told PERSON he had the flu ! PERSON had to take medicine and rest for a week .	PERSON was outside in the winter . He ended up getting a cold . He still had to go to work though . He went to work and got everyone else sick too . Everyone was miserable .
bowling	The kids loved playing games . They went bowling and had a great time . The boys needed the bumpers to keep the ball out of the gutter . The girls each scored over 100 . They 'd had a great time .	PERSON was in the final of his school 's bowling tournament . He was up against another very good bowler . It was down to the final frame to win . He sent his bowling ball flying . He nailed a strike and won !	PERSON took PERSON bowling on their second date . PERSON was always a good bowler . He did n't know how good a bowler PERSON was . They had a very competitive game . In the end Sandy let PERSON win .	Frank had never been bowling before . His friends decided to take him there on his birthday . When he got there he was afraid that he would make a fool of himself . His friends showed him how to hold the ball and pick out his shoes . Frank did horrible but really enjoyed the time with his friends .	One day PERSON and her friends went bowling . PERSON scored a three strikes ! Afterward they got pizza . The pizza was delicious . Everyone had fun .
PERSON makes the team	PERSON was bored after school . He thought he should try something new . He decided to try out for the baseball team . He went out there and give it his all . The coach told him he had made the team !	PERSON had just moved to a new school . He wanted to fit in so badly . He heard the school was having basketball try outs . PERSON decided to give it a shot . PERSON made the team and started to gain a lot of new friends .	PERSON decided to try out for the baseball team . There were many other kids trying out too . PERSON started to feel a little nervous . As the day rolled on , PERSON realized he was one of the top players . PERSON got picked as the team 's shortstop .	PERSON wanted to join the wrestling team at school . He spent the summer studying videos of Olympic matches . PERSON also watched instruction videos and trained diligently . PERSON tried out for the wrestling team when the new year started . PERSON made the team !	PERSON always wanted to play soccer . She decided she was going to try out for the team this year . PERSON got the courage to head out after school . PERSON left it all out on the field . PERSON was so happy when she found out she had made the team .
PERSON 's pizza	PERSON was hoping to have his new pizza shop open soon . He spent a few days gathering all the hardware . A few days before the opening , his fridge died . He bought a ton of coolers , storing the food inside of them . The next day , he was able to be open on time and selling pizza .	PERSON wanted a pepperoni pizza . He got into his car to go to the pizza parlor . PERSON tried to start the car and nothing happened . He noticed the car was on empty . PERSON decided to walk to the pizza parlor .	PERSON decided to order pizza . He called the local pizza restaurant . He ordered a pizza with mushrooms and olives . When he received his pizza , it only had olives . PERSON decided that he would not call that pizza restaurant again .	It was PERSON 's birthday . His mom said they could go anywhere to eat . PERSON chose his favorite restaurant . His family went to a pizza joint in town . PERSON ordered his favorite pizza .	PERSON grew up in LOCATION . He was taught to bake the best pizza . He came to LOCATION as a young boy and got a job as a skilled chef . He eventually grew to own his own business selling his famous pizza . His skill is know around the country as well as his delicious pizza .
hot sauce	PERSON was a big fan of a certain brand of hot sauce . He owned boxers and pajamas with their logo on them . He even visited the manufacturing plant where the hot sauce is made . But PERSON fell in love with a person that hates hot sauce . PERSON does n't make nearly as many meals with hot sauce anymore .	PERSON was making spaghetti sauce . As she was making her sauce , she grabbed the wrong bottle . She did not realize it until she took a bite . She had added hot sauce instead instead of tomato sauce . It was a good thing she liked spicy food .	One day PERSON made some hot sauce . He decided to bring some to work for everyone to try . He carefully packaged it up , but the car ride was bumpy . When he got to the office he realized all the bottles broke ! Now no one gets to try any of the delicious hot sauce .	PERSON 's rice was a little bland . She decided to add some hot sauce . She shook it into her bowl , then tasted . But now the rice was way too spicy ! PERSON was unable to eat the extra-hot rice .	PERSON liked spicy food . He was eating with friends . There was some hot sauce . PERSON figured he could eat a lot without it burning . He was right and enjoyed the flavor .
slippery slope	PERSON bought a new truck . It was snowing and he wanted to try his all wheel drive . He tried to go up a hill . He kept sliding regardless of what he tried . It was more ice than snow and too slippery even for his truck .	PERSON lived up a mountain . It snowed a lot one day . PERSON did n't have all wheel drive . He was n't able to make it up the mountain . He had to leave his car and walk instead .	PERSON went sledding with friends one day . He took his favorite sled . He started down the hill fast . He could n't move out of the way when headed for a boulder . PERSON crashed and destroyed his sled .	The rainy came down relentlessly , making it hard to see . PERSON did his best to keep in the middle of the road . He slowed down quite a bit upon approaching a sloping corner . PERSON began to lose control of the back end of his car . The car 's all-terrain tires gripped and saved PERSON from a disaster .	PERSON was walking home . It was a bit uphill and had recently rained . PERSON slipped on a slick area and tumbled down . PERSON tried to walk up again and kept slipping . Eventually he took a different route up .
grades	PERSON had a goal to make honor roll . He had made C 's all through school . PERSON began studying more and more . His grades got better . PERSON got his report card and had all B 's .	Tim always made good grades . One day he forgot to study . His teacher gave a pop quiz . PERSON made a zero on the quiz . He made his first bad grade .	PERSON was in high school . She was used to making all A 's . She had forgotten about a test . PERSON decided to cheat . However she got caught and got an F.	PERSON knew that doing well in school was important . He studied every single day . He became the smartest in his school . PERSON also got the highest grades in the school . At the end , his parents became very happy .	PERSON was in high school . He always got good grades . He had a rather difficult test coming up and PERSON cheated . He got caught and was given detention . PERSON 's parents also grounded him from a skiing trip .
rescue	One day PERSON decided to visit his friend . When he got there he saw that the house was on fire . He tried to get inside but the door was locked . He then kicked it down inside he found his friend on the floor . He was able to get him out and PERSON saved his friend 's life .	We were swimming in our condo pool in 1995 . My cousin 's three year old kid was standing at the edge . My cousin and I were talking when he fell into the water . My ten year old daughter rescued him . We often tell that story at family gatherings .	I was walking home from work when I saw a little girl playing . An older child came up to her and took her doll . She tried to get it back , but he laughed and threw it into the road . She did n't see the car coming , and ran after her toy . I caught her just in time .	The man floated down the river . His boat tipped over . He swam to the tipped over boat . He climbed on top of the boat . He was rescued .	PERSON got marooned on a deserted island . He found food . He built shelter . He drew SOS in the sand . A rescue crew found him !
mud	PERSON wanted to explore his surroundings . He went driving close to the river . He got mud on the side of the car . His wife asked where he had been . He told her he wanted to find a good fishing spot .	I fell flat on my face . There was mud everywhere . There were people stepping on me . I had fallen in a pit . This was at a cross country race .	PERSON was a good student athlete . PERSON was too young to drive . PERSON 's father would pick him up for practice . One day , PERSON 's father was 2 hours late . PERSON waited at the football field for 2 hours , until his father showed .	PERSON liked playing in the mud . But everyone thought it was too dirty . That did n't stop him however . And he continued to do what made him happy . But a few weeks later , he was hospitalized for a disease .	PERSON played football for his middle school team . PERSON had his mother pick him up for practice . There was rain the night before . PERSON 's mother 's car got stuck in the mud . They had to call a tow truck to get them out .
field day	The teacher escorted the class out of the building . We approached the front of school . I was blinded by the amount of tents and activities set up . My teacher continued to direct us . We ended up in a green tent with several tables with food .	It was field day at PERSON 's school . He was n't very athletic , so he was n't looking forward to it . He and his friend PERSON were matched up for the three legged race . That 's the one thing they had been practicing together for weeks . The other kids were surprised when he and PERSON won .	PERSON 's favorite part of field day was the snowcones . But he had to participate in some events too . He chose dodgeball thinking he 'd get out fast and be able to relax . Much to his surprise he was good at it ! He ended up coming in second place .	The Principal told all of the students to group together . He announced the beginning of a painting fight . Several buckets of paint were near them . All of the kids threw paint at each other . Their clothes and skin were stained with colorful paint .	PERSON and PERSON were excited for field day at school . They were going to be on different teams . PERSON was on the red team and PERSON was on the blue team . They had many different sporting events at field day . Both boys slept well that night !
spy	The spy was on a mission . He was trying to recover a huge diamond . He followed his suspect very carefully and apprehended him . After apprehending the suspect , he questioned him intensely . The spy got the information and found the diamond .	The spy was going on a mission . He had to infiltrate isis . He tried to join and they let him . They later on caught him taking on the phone . They killed him .	My friend and I watched a spy movie today . Inspired , we decided to pretend to be spies . We used water guns and walkie-talkies . His sister pretended to be a villain . It was very fun and I ca n't wait to do it again .	PERSON had always wanted to be a spy . The only issue was that she did n't know anything . So , PERSON went to a very big college . She studied very hard and got good grades . Finally , PERSON graduated and was able to become a spy .	PERSON was working as an attendant at a department store . He helped tidy up the dressing rooms and hang clothes . One day a customer caught him spying on her as she changed ! She told the manager right away . PERSON was fired on the spot .
the vase	I got a vase for Christmas last year . While moving this year , I tried my best to keep it safe . We finally settled in our new house . I pulled the vase out of the packing box . It had arrived safely !	PERSON bought a bouquet of flowers . She pulled out her biggest vase for them . She carefully filled it with water . As she carried it back to the counter , she dropped it . The vase shattered all over the floor .	PERSON and his brother decided to play baseball in the house . PERSON hit the baseball very hard . The baseball hit a Vase and shattered . PERSON and his brother then tried to glue the vase back together . Their parents noticed the glued up vase and grounded tom and his broth .	A vase set empty on PERSON 's table . It never had anything in it . PERSON got married to PERSON . When they came home from their honeymoon , PERSON put flowers in the vase . He said he would always keep it full of flowers for her .	PERSON and his sister , Candy , were in the backyard playing baseball . Their mother called them inside for dinner . PERSON pushed Candy into the house . Candy tripped and hit a table . A vase fell off the table and shattered on the floor .
the tablet	I finally broke down and bought my daughter a tablet . She has been begging me for months . I hesitated buying one because of the cost . She promised me she would take care of it . I guess we will wait and see if she does .	PERSON got a new tablet for his birthday . He had to figure out how to work it . As he was playing with it , his nephew came running . He knocked it out of PERSON 's hand . The tablet went crashing to the floor and the screen broke .	PERSON bought a new gadget . It was a fancy touch screen tablet . She had a lot of fun playing around with it . She played some games and scrolled through facebook on it . PERSON was thrilled with her new purchase .	PERSON bought her dad a tablet for Christmas . He enjoyed the tablet and played many games on it . One day her dad was trying to plug it into the charger and dropped it . The screen shattered causing the tablet to be inoperable . PERSON 's dad apologized and together they had the screen replaced .	My daughter received a new tablet from her grandmother . She began playing with the tablet right away . She began to yell at her tablet game , which got her a warning . My daughter then began ignoring her mother . The tablet was taken from her and now sits on a high shelf .
park	Yesterday I went to the park . It was cold so I brought my jacket . I found a bench and tried to read by the lake . I could n't concentrate on the book though and just watched the people . After a while I was too cold and headed home .	PERSON went to the park with her friends . They had heard on the weather channel that it might rain . She and her friends did n't care . It started to rain really hard . PERSON and her friends regretted going to the park that day .	I saw my neighbor PERSON today . She had taken her granddaughter out to the park for 3 hours . There were grass stains on the girl 's knees . The girl looked very tired . PERSON said she was more tired than her granddaughter .	I thought I lost my hat at the park today . I spent a lot of time looking for it . I was just about to give up when I saw something far away . It was my hat , stuck in a bush ! I 'm really glad I found it .	PERSON went to the park with her brother . They played on the swings together for an hour . Then they built a castle in the sandbox . PERSON and her brother had a great time . After three hours they walked home hand in hand !
perm	I got my hair permed by a friend . She first washed it . Then she put the curlers and solution in my hair . After setting a while , she removed the curlers . She then rinsed and dried my hair .	My sister in law got a perm last week . She had suffered a nervous breakdown a few months ago . Her sister took her to the salon to boost her spirits . She took a selfie and sent it to her family . We are glad she is feeling better .	Naya went for a perm . She loved her new curly hair ! But that night , she took a hot shower . Naya forgot that permed hair could n't get wet ! Her curls all fell flat !	PERSON had just gotten her hair permed . She walked home from the salon , smiling . But as she walked , it began to drizzle . PERSON had n't brought an umbrella ! Her fresh perm was ruined by the rain .	My sister in law had a nervous breakdown in September . She is out of the hospital but still shaky . Her sister comes over to help out . Last week she got her a perm . That made my sister in law feel better .
babysitting	PERSON was babysitting for a new family . They were paying $ 12 an hour which was double her normal rate . She soon found out why . The children were terribly behaved . She vowed that she would not return for any amount of money .	PERSON was excited that she was babysitting for a new family . They were paying twice what she normally made . After the parents left she found out why . The kids were terrible and would n't listen . She vowed she would not watch them again for any amount of money .	PERSON and PERSON were proud parents of a newborn . They both led busy lives . They considered getting a nanny . They later hired a nanny . The nanny worked out and helped them out tremendously .	PERSON had to babysit her cousin . Her cousin was a chore to take care of . PERSON had to get her to sleep . Or she would lose her mind . Finally her cousin fell asleep .	LOCATION wanted to stay with her Aunt PERSON so bad . She finally was able to convince her mom to let her stay . She packed up all of her belongings that she needed , even her bear . She thought about all the fun and exciting things that she would do . She had such a great time and ca n't wait to do it again !
knee	The man bumped his knee . His friend told him to keep it cold . The man got some peas from the freezer . He put them on his knee . His knee did n't swell up .	PERSON hurt his knee . PERSON was in pain while walking . PERSON went to the doctor . PERSON received pain medication . Taking the medicine alleviated PERSON 's knee pain .	PERSON had a lot of knee trouble . She could not bend her knee to kneel down at church . She decided to go to the doctor and look for help . The doctor ordered an MRI and decided she needed surgery . PERSON had surgery and now has almost full use of her knee without pain .	My 98 year old friend PERSON was in the lobby today . He said he woke up from a nap and his knee hurt . He took some ibuprofen but it did not help . He said he had never had arthritis before . I told him I was amazed by his health .	PERSON rode his motorcycle deep in the mountains one day . He enjoyed his experience so much he did not want to leave . Eventually it became pitch black with no lights or people for miles . Once it was extremely dark he drove back home . It was so dark and dangerous he crashed and hurt his knee .
new beginnings	PERSON had just gotten a divorce and moved away with her dog Mini-me . She moved into a one bedroom apartment . She was nervous , but soon her and Mini-me made new friends . She soon became much more comfortable and happy . They lived there for 5 Years , then she bought a house for them .	PERSON was born in the LOCATION . She was raised in a very poor family . PERSON put herself through school . She raised enough money to move to LOCATION . PERSON is now a vice president in her company and has a great family .	PERSON and PERSON got married yesterday . The two were overjoyed . This morning however , PERSON found a surprise . She was pregnant ! PERSON immediately told free and he was thrilled .	PERSON did n't have many friends in high school . She worried that she would struggle to meet people in college . However , she was surprised by how many people she met there . It was n't long before PERSON had made the best friends of her life . Her first year of college has always been a cherished memory .	I bought a house recently . Everything seemed perfect at first . The stove caught on fire . All of my things went up in flames . I will be moving again .
computers	Brie enjoyed working on computers . She spent most of her free time taking them apart . She went to school for computer sciences . When she graduated , she had several job offers . She now works to build computers at a large international company .	I work with a little girl who has some problems . Her parents want her to go to college . They want her to prepare by becoming proficient in computers . She is not able to log in or type . She does , however , love playing games on the computer .	Carol was hesitant to use a computer . She was an older woman , and was sure it was too late for her to learn . But knowing computers would help with work . PERSON asked her son for help , and was soon at her first lesson . Everything went well , and PERSON became confident around computers .	PERSON had always wanted to be like his role model PERSON PERSON . He began to think becoming an electrical engineer was unobtainable . Fortunately PERSON heard of Aason admiration for him . So PERSON got in touch with him and offered to be his mentor . Now PERSON is among the best electrical engineers in the world .	PERSON had loved computers since he was a little boy . He decided to major in computer science at university . It was a struggle to get through some of the material . He worked hard and achieved a perfect GPA . When he graduated , he started his own IT company .
princess	My sister has always wanted to be a princess . She used to dress up in princess dresses all the time . She told me that I had to call her a princess . Eventually , I told her that she was dumb for pretending . She told my parents and I ended up getting in trouble .	I decided to dress up with my kids this year . I bought supplies to make a bloody princess costume . My husband is going to help me put it all together . He thinks I will look like PERSON . I ca n't wait until Halloween to scare everyone .	The dog was very tiny . She was a chihuahua . She had a litter of puppies . I asked how she was nursing them . They said she had very tiny puppies .	My boyfriend calls me his princess . He started because he fell in love with me . We talked for hours online every night . Then we started talking about moving in together . We moved in together a few months later .	I found a cup I loved . It was for adults , but had a princess on it . It was from the Disney store . I used it every day . Yesterday , it fell and broke , ruining it for good .
lost voice	I went to a concert for a band I love very much . The room was very energetic . I screamed along with everyone else . The next morning , I could n't talk ! It was a small price to pay to see my favorite band .	My sister-in-law PERSON is almost 70 . Recently she had to take care of her great grandchildren . Her granddaughter lost the children , 10 and 2 , to social services . PERSON worked so hard to take care of them she caught a cold . She just lost her voice and is seeing a doctor .	PERSON was at a concert . He yelled so much he lost his voice . The next day PERSON could n't talk . It made his job more difficult . PERSON did n't regret his decision , though .	The man lost his voice . They could n't hear him at the meeting . Some important information was not communicated . The man 's project suffered . The man was demoted .	PERSON had an important meeting . She went to a concert the night before . PERSON yelled at the stage a lot . She wound up losing her voice after a while . She had to get someone else to talk during her meeting .
motorcycle	I wanted to learn to ride a motorcycle . My husband took me out to an empty parking lot . I got on the bike and rode around a bit . I came to a stop sign in the lot and hit the gas too hard . I wound up in the grass with the bike on top of me !	PERSON was ready to buy her first motorcycle . She went to the dealership . She browsed until she found a great bike . Then she filled out all the paperwork . PERSON drove her new motorcycle home !	PERSON got a new motorcycle last summer . He took it out for a ride one hot afternoon . PERSON rode to his friend 's house . His friend got out his motorcycle . The two of them rode together for hours .	I have been saving up to buy a new motorcycle . I finally found one to buy and went to buy it . I hopped on it to ride it home . On the way home I lost my balance and wrecked . I ended up breaking both arms and totaling my new bike .	PERSON has always loved motorcycles . He decided to save his money so he could buy one . When he finally had enough money he bought a shiny red motorcycle . He rode the motorcycle all over town to show it off . PERSON was happy he finally bought a motorcycle .
new earrings	PERSON asked to get her ears pierced . PERSON 's mom took her to the salon . Two women told PERSON to hold really still . They each pierced an ear at the exact same time . PERSON picked out her birthstone for her first starter earrings .	PERSON got earrings at the store today . When she got home , she started wearing them . However hours later her ears turned green . PERSON was appalled . She realized she was allergic .	PERSON was going to a dance . She had the perfect dress and shoes . However , she was missing something . She needed new earrings . She finally found the perfect pair and was ready for the dance .	PERSON wanted new earrings . She only had one pair . PERSON knew she needed more . When she woke up she saw something . A new pair was under her pillow .	PERSON wanted some new earrings . Luckily her parents got her a new pair . PERSON was so happy about it . She immediately tried some on . They fit perfectly .
grilled cheese	I made a grilled cheese sandwich . I decided to spice it up with some garlic . The garlic was so strong that it ruined the sandwich . I threw it in the garbage . Luckily , the mice in my kitchen found it delicious .	I decided to go on vacation to LOCATION . My friend told me to try an American grilled cheese sandwich . I agreed with him . I went to a cafe in LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION and ordered a grilled cheese . It was not tasty .	I made grilled cheese sandwiches for supper . I first buttered the bread and started the griddle . I then got the cheese out and put it on the bread . I put the sandwiches on the griddle until they were a golden brown . I then took the sandwiches off and stacked them all on a plate .	PERSON wanted to make a grilled cheese sandwich . He forgot to add butter to the pan . PERSON 's grilled cheese stuck to the pan . His bread turned black . PERSON also set off the fire alarm .	PERSON had just made a grilled cheese sandwich . Just as he was about to eat it , he got a phone call . He went to the other room to talk . When he came back , his sandwich was gone . He looked around and saw his cat eating his it .
helping out	I stopped at the stop light by the road intersection . There was an old man selling a set of fruits . No one bothered to buy it and ended up closing their windows . Although I did n't want the fruits , I just decided to buy it . Before moving , he thanked me .	PERSON had a friend that had nowhere to live . She asked if she could stay at his place . PERSON was unsure about it but agreed . PERSON 's friend was surprisingly nice and clean . She even helped him pay rent .	My peer at work got a promotion that I wanted . I was extremely bitter at first because I worked hard for that . She told me that she thought I deserved to get promotion too . She then asked me to help her in her new role . I did and she praised my kindness to the boss .	PERSON lived near the beach . Every year there was a clean up event put on by the town . PERSON and his grandmother went down to help out . They spent the day cleaning the beach of trash and debris . PERSON and his grandmother even got their picture in the paper !	PERSON 's house had caught on fire . There was nothing left of the house . PERSON had nowhere to live . A coworker offered PERSON a place to stay . PERSON cried out of gratitude .
dog food	PERSON took his dog to a dog park . But PERSON began to feel hungry . He took out a sandwich be brought and began to eat . But another dog bit the sandwich out of his hands . PERSON , however , had a good attitude about it .	This morning when we woke up we did n't have any dog food . We went to the pet store to buy more dog food . The employee at the pet store helped us get the dog food . We bought the dog food . Once we got home we fed the dog .	PERSON was close to running out of dog food . She did n't think there was enough to last through the weekend . She checked pet store 's hours online . The store that carried the correct food closed in 45 minutes . She was able to make it just in time .	My grandmother loves dog . One day , she went into a shop to get some dog food . She went to the cashier to pay for it . The cashier said they need evidence that my grandmother has a dog . She went back to get her dog , just for the dog food .	My husband usually feeds the dogs . We use a dehydrated food mixed with water . I just tried to mix it for them and they just looked at me . One of the dogs slightly snarled . I guess I 'll wait until my husband gets home !
the hill	PERSON was in track . It was the first week of practice . The coach had them run down on the street for practice . When they stopped they were at a steep hill . PERSON huffed and panted the whole way , but she made it to the top .	PERSON walked to the top of a tall hill . He put down his skateboard and held it with his foot . PERSON mounted the board and began to roll down . PERSON flew down the hill at a great speed . When the hill leveled out PERSON kept going for a long time .	PERSON and PERSON went up a hill . Each of them carried an axe . They spent all day and half of the night chopping firewood . When they were finished they were too exhausted to carry it all home . The firewood was ruined by the rain in the morning .	PERSON and her friend were having fun . They had decided to hike up a hill near her house . The hill had lots of cool plants growing on it . They made their way through a makeshift path . The view at the top was gorgeous .	PERSON was in the backseat as her mom drove up a very steep hill . PERSON realized her door was n't fully closed . She opened it intending to close it hard . But the gravity began to pull her out of the moving car . Finally her mom turned and the door closed and pushed PERSON in the car .
cross country	PERSON , PERSON , and PERSON were avid bike riders . One day PERSON suggested doing a long ride across the country . Everybody was on board and they started planning . Three months later the group set off from LOCATION LOCATION . They rode their bikes all the way to LOCATION and back in a year !	PERSON was a cross country star at his school . He held the school record for fastest mile time . On the week before a major race , PERSON sprained his ankle . The coach was disappointed , but PERSON did n't mind . He was just thankful for all the races he already competed in .	Jeff is a truck driver . He works in the western region of the LOCATION LOCATION . After 15 years , he still requests to drive in the east . One day , PERSON snapped from the boredom of his usual route . Jeff quit and drove the truck across the country towards the east .	PERSON was competing in a cross country meet . He was halfway through when his leg cramped up . PERSON was n't sure he could go on . He stopped for a minute and stretched his bad leg . PERSON began to run again and finished the race in second place .	PERSON had to drive across the country . She prepared for her trip . It took a week to get everything together . She was really nervous . Because she was so prepared it went great !
PERSON 's adventure	PERSON was busy making a new video game , so he looked online for ideas . While looking he read some mean comments people wrote on the internet . The comments were about PERSON 's weight and appearance . PERSON felt sad that people were making fun of how he looked . Then PERSON remembered he was a millionaire , and so he felt better .	One afternoon , I let my dog , PERSON , outside to play . PERSON was enjoying herself until she noticed a rabbit nearby . The rabbit saw PERSON and started to hop away as fast as it could . PERSON chased the rabbit for a long time , but finally had to stop . She returned to the house , tired and ready for a long nap .	PERSON was walking in the woods . He heard the sharp snap of a twig somewhere behind him . PERSON was very worried about what had caused the sound . Quickly Adam turned around to find out . Adam discovered it was only a rabbit and breathed a sigh of relief .	PERSON liked to sit indoors playing video games . One day his favorite video game system broke . PERSON tried hard to fix it but could not . He was upset and bored until he went outside . PERSON found many exciting things outside and had a great time .	PERSON the kitten was getting used to his new family . PERSON loved to roam the backyard with PERSON the cat . One day PERSON was alone in the yard and he saw another cat come over . PERSON was so excited to see another cat he rushed toward the cat . The other cat attacked him and ran , PERSON learned a lesson that day .
unlocked	The apartment manager unlocked the door to PERSON 's apartment . She let herself in , having not asked permission from him . PERSON was polishing his gun on his sofa when she intruded . He looked at her with a steely , hostile gaze . She slowly backed out of his apartment without saying a word .	PERSON woke up in the middle of the night . PERSON realized the his front door was unlocked . He ran downstairs and locked the door . PERSON checked every room to make sure the house was secure . PERSON then went back to bed , exhausted from being so worried .	PERSON went to his friends house . And he stayed there for a few days . When PERSON was driving back home , he felt something was wrong . When he entered his room , he found his TV missing . PERSON remembered that he left his window unlocked .	The man unlocked the door . The door would not open . He shoved on the door hard . The door swung open quickly . The man fell down as the door opened .	PERSON lived in a quiet neighborhood . So she acted like nothing bad could ever happened to her . She always left her windows and garage door unlocked . But one day , someone stole a bike out of her garage . PERSON always locked her garage door and windows afterward .
nose	The dog 's nose prodded against her left thigh . She looked down and smiled . Then she felt concerned . The nose had been very warm and dry . She took the dog to the vet , where she got a clean bill of health .	The boy picked his nose . His mom made him stop . The boy did it in private the next time . His mom did not make him stop that time . He started picking his nose in private all the time .	PERSON wanted his nose pierced . He went to the piercing studio . There , a piercer washed his hands and sat PERSON in a chair . He quickly pierced PERSON 's nostril with a silver hoop . PERSON was happy with his new piercing !	Orion was self-conscious about his nose . His friend PERSON had taunted him for having a large nose . Orion wanted to get back at PERSON somehow . He told PERSON that PERSON 's nose was too small . PERSON stormed off , embarrassed .	PERSON was working out at the gym . She noticed that a man was looking at her . She smiled to herself and kept running on the treadmill . The man told her her nose was running . She gasped and wiped her nose .
moving to LOCATION	PERSON wanted to move to LOCATION from LOCATION . He decided to quit his job and pack his bags . When he got to LOCATION , he did n't realize that the job market was down . He struggled for nine months to find a job . Then , he gave up and went back to LOCATION .	The woman had lived in PERSON for twenty years . She had a nice house in PERSON with two stories . One day she got very sad and tried to kill herself . Her sons helped her get better then insisted she move to LOCATION . She now lives in LOCATION and is very happy .	PERSON was moving to LOCATION with her husband . Her husband got deployed again . PERSON was sad . She did not want to leave LOCATION . Making the trip was very hard for her .	PERSON had just graduated college . She was planning on moving on LOCATION . She packed all her belongings in her car and drove 18 hours . When she arrived at her new apartment she unpacked all her things . PERSON loved the new change of scenery at her new place .	The Howards love LOCATION and they visited every summer . They liked it so much that they started looking for jobs there . After a few months , someone called to offer them jobs ! The family was really excited to look for a house in the mountains . Soon , they moved there and every day felt like a vacation .
medal	My 99 year old friend PERSON fought in WW 2 . He was in LOCATION and LOCATION . A neighbor in the building worked for the French consulate . She arranged for him to get a medal . The local television news covered the ceremony .	Eve had only won one medal in her life . It was in a glass case on the mantelpiece . She looked at it every day remembering her achievement . So when her house burned down , she was devastated . She could have lost anything , but not her medal .	My 98 year old neighbor got a medal last week . He was a soldier in the US Army during WW II . He was part of the forces liberating LOCATION . His neighbor worked for the French government and got him a medal . We took photos with him wearing the medal .	My 98 year old friend PERSON was in WW2 . One day he told me the French government just sent him a medal . He told the apartment building manager . The manager wrote an article about PERSON for the building newspaper . I congratulated PERSON and took a selfie with him holding the medal .	PERSON played his flute in the talent show . He wanted first prize since that was a big trophy . But then they announced that he 'd won second place . PERSON saw that second prize was a shiny medal . He decided he was okay with second place after all !
the dog	The dog went out to the front . The dog went towards the street . The dog liked the pavement . The dog stopped . His owner was yelling at him .	PERSON got his dog PERSON when PERSON was just a puppy . The two of them did almost everything together . One day PERSON go sick and had to go to the veterinarian . PERSON would not go inside unless PERSON went with him . PERSON helped comfort PERSON so PERSON could get the help needed .	Sue wanted a new dog to keep her company . When she went to the store , she discovered they are expensive . The employee at the store advised her to adopt instead of buy . Sue learned that adoption is much cheaper and for a greater cause . After going to an adoption center , PERSON adopted a boxer puppy .	Pepper the dog loves playing outside in the country . Pepper went into the city with his owner . He got free and ran away . Pepper was lost . He found his way all the way back to the country .	PERSON wanted a pet . She went to the shelter and saw a dog that seemed lonely . She brought him home and got him settled in . She fell asleep that night and awoke to a horrible sight . The dog had shredded up her couch !
baby sister	PERSON is only three years old . His mom and dad give him tons of hugs and kisses every day . Yesterday , PERSON 's mom told him he is going to be a big brother . He helped his parents pick out new toys for his brother or sister . PERSON is very excited to meet his new brother or sister .	PERSON had been an only child for six years . Suddenly his parents decided to have another baby . He was not ready . They announced he would be a big brother . PERSON found out he was having a sister and was not happy .	PERSON and her sister were born several years apart . PERSON was just the baby , to grown up PERSON . They were always fighting and arguing with one another . As they got older they started to enjoy each other 's company . Now they are adults that have become as close as two people can be .	PERSON was five Year 's old and an only child . One day PERSON 's parents told him he would be an older brother ! PERSON was excited and nervous at the same time . He went to the hospital to meet his new baby sister . He touched her tiny hand and decided he loved her !	PERSON was getting ready to be a big sister again . He parents decided to keep the gender of the baby a surprise . PERSON really wanted a baby sister . Delivery day came and PERSON was very nervous . She became so relieved when the nurse announced the baby was a girl .
sandals	PERSON loved the summer time . He always wore tennis shoes . He noticed his feet would sweat excessively . One day he bought sandals and began wearing those instead . His feet stopped sweating and PERSON loved summer even more .	PERSON wanted a new pair of sandals . Her mother told her no . PERSON decided to get a job to pay for them herself . She finally saved up enough . PERSON was excited to be able to buy her own sandals .	PERSON was going to the beach . As he was getting ready he saw that his dog chewed up his sandals . PERSON was angry . PERSON got ready and went to the store to get sandals . PERSON went to the beach and had a good time .	PERSON bought some sandals in LOCATION . They started falling apart within hours of wearing them . PERSON went back to the stall where he bought them . The lady denied seeing him before . PERSON flipped out and knocked off all the sandals from the stall .	PERSON needed a new pair of sandals . She was going to the lake and wanted to look stylish . She spent hours looking for the perfect pair . She could n't decide between three . So she just bought them all .
broken window	PERSON and PERSON were hitting baseballs in PERSON 's yard . PERSON hit one so hard it sailed over their fence . It went right through their neighbor 's window . PERSON went over to his neighbors to tell them he was sorry . He did their yard work the next month to pay for the damage .	PERSON was in his bedroom . He heard a loud crash in his living room . He ran to see what happened . A tree branch had crashed through his window . PERSON was scared but relieved .	PERSON was playing ball in his yard . Suddenly his baseball accidentally smashed a window ! He was terrified and ran inside . The neighbor came over and spoke to his mom about the incident . PERSON was forced to pay for the window himself .	PERSON and PERSON were playing baseball . They were in the front yard . PERSON 's mom had warned him to be careful of the windows . PERSON threw the ball and PERSON missed . It went through the window and broke it .	Queen had to replace her bedroom window . She had accidentally broke it playing baseball with her brothers . It would be two weeks for a replacement window . Nothing seemed to work in patching the window . She ended up having to use her old nursery blanket as cover for the window .
new tv	PERSON went to the store to buy a new TV . As his was old and not even flat , he was flabbergasted by the choice . He asked a vendor to explain the new features . He made his pick . When he arrived home , he watched his favorite movie on his new TV .	PERSON wanted a new tv . She was very frugal with her money . She waited and waited to find a good deal . PERSON decided to participate in Black Friday for the first time . She walked away with a new tv for an amazing price .	PERSON owns a 10 year old TV . He decided it was time to get a more modern TV . PERSON decided to work overtime until he had enough money for the TV . He decided to wait for the big sale on Black Friday . PERSON bought a 70 inch flat screen TV .	My friend got wild while dancing in my living room one day . He accidentally knocked my TV over . It shattered into a million pieces . My friend offered to buy me a new TV . My new TV it was even better than the old one .	PERSON had a vintage TV that kept malfunctioning . PERSON saw that there was a sale on TV sets at the store . PERSON decided that it was time to buy a new one . She ended up buying the biggest one in the store . She installed it at home and enjoyed watching her favorite movies .
back	My back started to hurt . My wife gave me a massage . The pain did not go away . I went to the doctor to fix it . The doctor gave me medicine for the pain .	My back had been hurting for over a month . I went to the doctor and he examined me . I told him about how I had lifted a heavy box 2 months ago . He said that 's probably why my back hurts now . I 'm not going to lift any more heavy boxes .	He was going through a divorce . He found out I was as well . He messaged me and asked me out . I was bitter from our childhood breakup . I agreed to go out with him .	PERSON was having a lot of back pains . She eventually decided to get it checked at the doctors . The doctor said it was due to her getting old . PERSON began taking medication . Now , PERSON 's pain is minimal but still there .	My back was sore every single morning . I tossed and turned in bed . I could never relieve the pain . I tried sleeping with a pillow between my knees . The pain was even worse after that .
true love	PERSON and PERSON first met each other at a grocery store . Their carts bumped into each other by accident . Their eyes met at first glance . They both knew it was love at first sight . They now live happily ever after .	PERSON fell in love with PERSON . He decided he wanted to marry her . PERSON saved up and bought PERSON a beautiful ring . At dinner one night , PERSON proposed to PERSON and gave her the ring . PERSON said yes and they were married six months later .	Penny and PERSON have been in love with each other for a long time . PERSON met PERSON at work . She had a fiance at the time they met . John never lost hope . Years later , they are happily married .	PERSON wanted to find a person to spend his life with . He tried going out to bars , and that did n't work . He tried speed-dating , and that did n't work . Finally , he tried setting up an online dating profile . PERSON was matched with a nice person and enjoyed his relationship .	A single woman dreamed of one day having a husband . So the single woman put an ad on Craigslist seeking a relationship . The single woman got an email message from a young man . The young man sent a picture that she found attractive . She and the young man went on to date and eventually got married .
rainbow	PERSON loved nature . His girlfriend loved rainbows . PERSON was driving home one day and saw a rainbow . He took a picture of it and sent it to his girlfriend . She smiled and appreciated the picture .	PERSON 's whole weekend was ruined by rain . Her summer plans were all washed out ! But then Sunday afternoon the rain ceased , and PERSON went outside . There she saw something breathtaking . A gorgeous double rainbow illuminated the whole sky !	PERSON wanted to see a rainbow . One afternoon it rained hard . PERSON was so excited ! She sat at her window and stared outside eagerly . When the rainy stopped , there was her rainbow !	PERSON was going for a bike ride on a sunny day . Halfway through , it began to pour down rain . She stopped under a bridge to wait out the rain . Once the rain cleared , she saw a rainbow across the sky . She was sad it had rained , but the beautiful rainbow made up for it .	One night I was feeling pretty down . My boyfriend I had broken up . I decided to take the garbage out that night . As I approached the night sky a bright rainbow shimmered through . I instantly felt hopeful in-spite of what was happening .
new computer	PERSON was a computer nerd . He wanted a new laptop for his birthday . He had been begging his parents for one . They told him no . When he opened his present , he was surprised with a laptop .	PERSON desperately needed a new computer . Hers was on the verge of dying . However , she did not have any extra money . She decided to save up . Luckily , her sister gave her her old computer .	PERSON needed a new computer . She did not have enough money for one . She had to save all her allowance . PERSON finally had enough money . She was glad she could finally buy a computer .	PERSON had been saving to get a new computer . He finally had enough money . He decided to go shopping . He found the perfect computer . PERSON was happy to leave the store with a computer .	Dex ordered a new computer . When he got to the store to pick it up , there was a huge line . Apparently , a lot of other people ordered the same one . He had to wait to pay . When it was his turn , he was told it was sold out .
the chase	PERSON had a new toy Spiderman silly string web slinger . He knocked on his brother PERSON 's door to show him the toy . When PERSON opened the door PERSON began to spray him with silly string . PERSON ran from the room with PERSON giving chase . PERSON 's mother posted photo 's on Facebook of PERSON covered in silly string	The young buck stood on the doorstep eating flowers out of the pot . Inside the house the little dog was barking like crazy . PERSON stopped painting to see what was going on . He did n't see the buck so he let the dog out to get it to be quiet . The dog chased that buck all the way down the street .	PERSON saw a streak run by him . It was a man being chased by the police ! They ran as fast as they could , yelling at the man to stop . They tackled him and arrested him . It was the most exciting thing PERSON had ever seen !	PERSON was walking down the street one night . A cat made eye contact . PERSON was afraid of cats . When the cat walked towards her she began to run . She was horrified to find the cat was running right behind her .	I was eagerly waiting for a package to arrive . At 5 o'clock I walked down the street toward my mail service . A block away , a vicious snarling dog rounded the corner at me ! I stopped , turned , and started running back home in terror ! I never did check my mail that day .
choices	I looked at both flavors of donuts . It was difficult to choose . One was crunch and the other cinnamon . I was in the mood for both . I bought mini versions of both flavors .	PERSON 's birthday was coming up . So he was deciding on where to go . He spent the rest of his night looking up restaurants . But he never came to a conclusion . He reluctantly picked a random restaurant at the last second .	PERSON was always a great friend . He would be there for everyone and always answer his phone . But once he got a girlfriend , he stopped responding to messages . He decided his friends were less important . He lost all of his friends .	MJ did n't want to move . She wanted to stay in the city . She knew that she would need to become financially independent . She worked really hard to do so . In the end she got to stay in a small studio in the city she loved .	My wife and I had decided to visit the LOCATION LOCATION in January . Christmas took us totally by surprise . We could give gifts or take vacation . We finally decided to give gifts . There is always next year .
dental work	PERSON went in for a root canal . Then the dentist said he could not help her yet . First she had to remove all her tongue rings . PERSON had had them in for Years ! They were very difficult to remove !	PERSON was dreading his dental appointment . He took good care of his teeth , but worried he did something wrong . The dentists were all very warm and welcoming . The dental appointment went through without a problem . PERSON felt better about the prospect of future dental exams .	PERSON needed extensive dental work . PERSON knew he could not afford the cost of the dental work . After researching , PERSON found a cheaper alternative . PERSON saw that dental work in LOCATION was much cheaper that the LOCATION . PERSON decided he would go to LOCATION to get his dental work done .	PERSON did n't like the dentist . When she was young she had to have orthodontic work . The orthodontist gave her braces that she wore outside her mouth . They looked very ugly and made her feel bad . Although it was a bad experience , she appreciates her straight teeth .	PERSON could feel a cavity in his tooth . He did n't have dental insurance though . For months he just dealt with being in pain . The tooth chipped and he needed two root canals . He ended up having insurance the whole time and suffered with no point
christmas	I woke up in the middle of the night . I sneaked to the Christmas tree . I saw LOCATION had been there . I woke up my mother and told her . She said he was in the kitchen so I needed to go to bed .	PERSON was sad that she had no one to spend Christmas with . She decided to spend her holidays make others happy . She went shopping and purchased a bunch of different toys . On Christmas day she went to the children 's home . She gave out the presents to the kids and had the best Christmas ever .	Christmas was almost here . PERSON wrote a letter to LOCATION . PERSON left cookies and milk out . Santa came while PERSON was sleeping . PERSON woke up to many presents .	On Christmas day , PERSON came down the stairs . He was very excited to see his gifts below the Christmas tree . He run toward to the tree and started looking for his gifts . His mother told him to wait and offered him some chocolate cake . When PERSON opened his gifts , he had a smile and chocolate on his lips .	It was Christmas . PERSON was spending it alone . She was upset . She did n't even want to celebrate . It meant nothing to her .
pumpkin patch	PERSON 's first grade class went to the pumpkin patch . They each got to pick out a pumpkin . The only rule was they had to be able to carry it . PERSON found his perfect pumpkin but could n't pick it up . He was very frustrated when he had to select a smaller one .	PERSON 's second grade class went to the pumpkin patch . They each got to chose a pumpkin to take home . PERSON found a perfect one , but he could n't lift it . Finally he took off his jacket , putting it on the ground . He put the pumpkin on top of it , making it back to the bus .	PERSON 's third grade class went to the pumpkin patch . They were allowed to picky any pumpkin they could carry to the bus . PERSON 's pumpkin was much too heavy . After much thought he laid his coat on the ground . He put his huge pumpkin on it to successfully pull it to the bus .	PERSON went to the pumpkin patch with his kindergarten class . He picked the biggest pumpkin he could find . They went on a hayride , too . He even got to pet some baby goats . When he got home from school he drew a scary face on his pumpkin .	PERSON and PERSON wanted to carve a pumpkin for Halloween . Joy had wanted a special place to choose a pumpkin for carving . PERSON knew that the grocery store was not something she had in mind . He brought her to a pumpkin patch at the local church . PERSON was almost in tears at how excited she was about the patch !
check	PERSON wanted to see how many stories he 'd told his friends . He clicked on his dashboard to see the count . Instead of information he got an Amazon error page . PERSON really wished the people involved an eternity of pain and torment . He made a mental note to send them Carrot Top movies for Christmas .	PERSON got her first paycheck . She was so proud she showed it to everyone she knew . PERSON went to the bank to open an account . She then paid all her bills . PERSON only had a dollar left in her account when she was done .	PERSON was baking cookies . And she was really anxious to try them . She frequently opened the oven door to check on them . So the oven kept losing heat . PERSON impulsively took the cookies out and ate them .	Our kids went to parochial school . We had to get a bank loan to pay for tuition . Once the bank gave us a check , but my wife misplaced it . The kids tore the place apart . My wife finally found the check .	My sister in law tried to deposit a check for her late husband . The check was made out to his estate . The bank refused to deposit the check . She was exasperated . Her lawyer said she must produce a document as executor of the estate .
homeless man	I was walking home one day when a man accosted me . He asked for money . I told him if he was hungry I would buy him food . We walked to a sub shop and I bought him a sub . I did not want him to buy a drink with a handout .	I was walking down the street in the city . A man asked me for money . I reached into my pockets . I pulled out a few quarters . He thanked me for the money .	A man once asked a stranger for the leftover slice . The stranger denied vulgarly . Later a homeless man was asked for the one slice he had left . He happily gave the little he have . He was rewarded with money for his selfless act .	Years ago I met this well dressed man on the street . We begin a long conversation . He told me that he once was a homeless person but now he 's wealthy . He told me that he save ten dollars . He took five of his ten dollars and bought lottery tickets and won .	We lived by a pond . It was surrounded by woods . One day we saw a homeless man living in the woods . He did not bother us so we left him alone . Later the police came and moved him to a shelter .
the puppy	PERSON wanted her own puppy very much . She asked her mother if she could have one . Her mother told her to save her money and work hard for one . PERSON finally had saved up enough money with smart budgeting . The next day she went to the pet store and got her puppy .	PERSON brought his puppy to school to show the girls in his class . The girls thought it was so cute , and thought PERSON was cute too . PERSON used his puppy to flirt with a girl named PERSON . After school , PERSON and PERSON kissed behind the bleachers . The puppy broke away from its leash and ran away .	PERSON bought a cute new pet . It was a puppy ! She bought it a collar and bowl and toys . She loved going home every night to snuggle with it . PERSON loved her puppy more than anything !	Grace got a bad illness . Grace went to the hospital . Her parents wanted to do something nice for her . They rented a puppy that she could play with . PERSON became very happy .	PERSON wanted to surprise his sister . He knew she wanted a puppy . He went to the shelter and adopted one . He gave it to her for her birthday . She absolutely loved the puppy .
the plumber	PERSON had a leak under his bathtub . His kitchen filled with water ! A plumber came over right away to fix it . Soon the pipes were fixed . PERSON took a bath to forget about the huge hole in the ceiling .	There was a leak inside the family house that would n't stop . The family had a plumber come and fix it by the next day . He never showed up so they called again and soon he came . The plumber was greasy and rude but did the job rather quickly . The family was pleased not having to put up with the leak anymore .	The toilet stopped working . The family called the plumber for help . He came right away and started working . Soon the toilet worked ! The plumber handed them the outrageous bill for his services .	PERSON called in a local plumber to take a look at his broken toilet . The plumber started working , taking the toilet apart . Unfortunately , he forgot to turn off the water supply . Within minutes , there was water everywhere . The entire bathroom had been flooded .	PERSON was working on the bathroom pipes . He was a plumber . He tightened the bolts and fixed the drain . PERSON was happy to have a functioning sink again ! She recommended PERSON to all her friends .
drought	This year has been hard for growing plants . An early heat wave stunted plant growth . There has been a marked lack of rainfall . The only water the plants get is what the sprinklers provide . We have now mostly given up on getting much produce .	PERSON 's family owned a farm for generations . When PERSON took over a long drought started . His fields went dry and he could grow anything . PERSON did n't know how he would survive another dry season . PERSON wound up selling land to a developer to avoid bankruptcy .	Bottled water was cheap in PERSON 's town . Then things changed . The town experienced a severe drought . Water became more expensive . Suddenly bottled water was not cheap anymore .	PERSON wished for a hot , dry summer . But when she got it , she was n't satisfied . It turned out that the lack of rain had led to a drought . Her city ran low on water and everything dried up . PERSON began to wish for rain rather than sun !	We are having a drought in our area . We have only had rain a couple times in the past two months . I have had to water our garden frequently . The garden does n't like our chlorinated water very well . My bean plants all died due to lack of rain .
flying	When I was a child , I believed I could fly as well as Superman . I put on a cape and got my father 's ladder from the garage . I climbed onto the roof and jumped off . I ended up breaking my leg and had a cast for 4 weeks . I no longer believe I can fly as well as Superman .	PERSON was afraid of flying on an airplane . She decided to learn how to fly the plane . While taking flying lessons she conquered her fears . Now she is a pilot . She can help others be less afraid to fly too .	PERSON wanted to fly an airplane . PERSON studied for many years to become a pilot . After much hard work , PERSON finally became a pilot ! PERSON was hired by a big airline company . Because of his hard work , PERSON now flies every day .	The bee was on the ground . The boy wondered why it was n't flying . The man said it was dead . The boy checked the bee . The bee was still alive .	PERSON was going to visit her grandparents . She was going to fly alone . She was very nervous . The flight attendant was very nice . She made PERSON feel safe and comfortable .
killer	I did not believe that PERSON had killed someone . I asked our coworkers had they heard Detts rumor . Our coworkers said they had not heard anything . I asked PERSON sister but she would not answer me . Now I believe PERSON is a killer because she told she was .	The cop had to find a murderer . The murderer shot 3 random people in the street . The cop finally found the murderer . The cop shot on sight . The murderer was still alive so the cop brought him in the car .	PERSON kills his first two wives . But the police were so incompetent that he got away with it . When PERSON kills his third wife police finally catch him He is sentenced to death . He still claims his innocence right as he is to be executed .	PERSON was at this party . He suddenly sees a suspicious figure . He keeps his distance then he sees the killer stab someone . PERSON attacks the figure from the back . Police come and arrest the killer .	PERSON stayed up late to watch a movie about killers . She dozed off right after it ended . Mid-night , she awoke from a dream of murderers ! PERSON wished she had not stayed up to watch the scary movie . She vowed not to do anything like that again !
new music	PERSON loved downloading lots of music on the internet . The only problem was , he never paid for it . PERSON figured he would never get caught . One day the FBI knocked on his door . PERSON cried when they found all of the stolen songs on his computer .	PERSON played clarinet in the school band . She always practiced when she got home to be better . During practice one day PERSON decided to not follow her sheet notes . PERSON wrote her own song and shared it with her music teacher . He loved it so much the band played it at the first football game .	I was trying to broaden my musical horizons . I asked friends for recommendations of things to listen to . One of my pals told me to check out classical music by PERSON . One of my pals told me to check out glam rock by PERSON PERSON . I ended up loving both , and thanked my friends for the help .	I really needed some new music to listen to . All of the music I had in my collection was boring . I needed to feel inspired . I decided to go to a concert when my favorite artist played . The live sound gave me the refreshing feel I needed .	PERSON was a lead singer in a band . His band decided to try playing a new type of music . The audience did not like the new music . The crowd jeered and hissed during the songs . PERSON 's band went back to playing their old music .
cocoa	PERSON was craving chocolate milk , but she had no powder or syrup . She decided to improvise with a packet of hot cocoa . But , stir as she might , she could n't get the yucky powder to mix ! It was a foul-tasting concoction . At least , PERSON reasoned , you never know until you try !	PERSON was out playing in the snow . She was cold and wet . She decided to take a break and rest inside . She made a cup of hot cocoa . She felt warm and refreshed !	PERSON like the Christmas season . Full of cheer and seasons greetings . But she loved cocoa with marshmallows . Her mom made a wonderful Christmas breakfast for her . And included a huge mug full of cocoa with marshmallows for PERSON .	PERSON wanted some hot cocoa . She checked her cupboards , but she had none . She had to walk up to the grocery store to buy some . When she got home , she made a cup right away . Then she sat in her chair and sipped it contentedly !	PERSON was playing in the snow all morning . Then her mom called her in to warm up . PERSON hurried in for a cup of hot cocoa . When she drank it , she felt much warmer . Then she hurried back outside to play !
lost dog	PERSON 's dog ran away . PERSON was n't that fond of the dog . He did n't bother looking for it . PERSON decided to get a cat instead . He was much happier with that decision .	PERSON was walking home . He saw a dog on the side of the road . Tim pulled over to check on it . The dog had a collar . PERSON called the number and returned it .	Will need to find his lost dog . He put up posters around his neighborhood . He looked at the animal shelters in his neighborhood . Finally , a person came person to his house with his dog . He finally found his lost dog .	We recently purchased a dog from a student . The dog was a nervous little thing and had lots of accidents . While walking my dog one day , a complete stranger approached us . He said that my dog was actually his dog that had recently ran away . After talking , we found that this was his dog and gave him back .	My friends and I were out playing in the street . A little white dog ran up to us while we were playing . The dog had a dog tag on his collar with a name and number . We called the number to report that we had found him . The owner 's came and picked him up right away .
fender bender	PERSON got rear ended while driving home from work . He did n't get the insurance information from the other driver . He worried that the other driver might not have insurance . PERSON contacted his insurance company to find out about repairs . They said the other driver had insurance to PERSON 's great relief .	PERSON was going to work . She was putting on makeup . She did n't notice the car stop fast in front . PERSON rammed into the back of the car . They had to swap insurance information .	PERSON was tail gating . He thought the car in front of him was going too slow . All of a sudden it braked . Tim rear ended him . They had an argument and exchanged insurance information .	PERSON was in a parking lot . He back out of his parking space . Without knowing he hit another car . Both were somewhat to blame . The damage was minimal and they went on their way .	PERSON was driving home from work . All of a sudden the car in front of him slammed on his brakes . PERSON did n't have enough time to react . He slammed into the back of the car . They had to file a police report and change insurance information .
the city	PERSON wanted to get out of the country . He moved to the city . He found the city scary and loud . He found it hard to sleep at night from the noise . PERSON finally came to his senses and moved back to the country .	The family was going to LOCATION LOCATION . They had never been to such a big city ! They planned all the different sites they would see . They packed their bags and headed to the airport . They were so excited to see the city !	PERSON got on the train . She was headed into the city ! She went to museums and did some shopping . She loved the hustle and bustle . She was sad to go back home .	PERSON wished he lived in the country . He grew up in the large city so he was ready for a change . PERSON moved to the country and loved it at first . After awhile he began to hate the silence so he moved back to the city . PERSON discovered that he was unhappy with himself and not his location .	PERSON went to the city with friends . They were planning on going out to the club . They bought new outfits earlier in the day . They were planning on dancing all night . It was an exciting night .
roommate	PERSON had just arrived at the dorms where she lived . She was hoping to have a room all to herself . Just then her roommate entered . Her roommate was a lot more outgoing , and wild than PERSON . PERSON was concerned , but she hoped they would be friends .	PERSON had a friend named PERSON in college . PERSON and PERSON got an apartment together . PERSON was always late with the rent . One month , PERSON had to pay all the rent . PERSON then moved out and left PERSON alone .	PERSON is a very neat and tidy person . He quickly discovered that his roommate , PERSON is not . PERSON wakes up to dirty dishes and a messy bathroom . PERSON does n't like confrontation . Now he has to clean every day .	PERSON was an only child and had never had a roommate before . He was dreading having to share a room in college . When he arrived in his dorm , he prepared himself for the meeting . His roommate PERSON introduced himself and seemed friendly . They discovered they had a lot in common , and PERSON was reassured .	My roommate used to eat my food out of the fridge . All my leftovers always got eaten before I got home from work . I had to leave him a note asking him not to do that . Ever since that note he has left my food alone . I guess notes really do work !
the argument	The siblings were having an argument . Their mom told them to stop yelling at each other . They went into another room and kept the fight going . They both got sent to their rooms . The siblings were angry with each other .	PERSON and PERSON were married for over a year . They used to be a happy couple but they had been arguing a lot lately . After one of their heated arguments , PERSON stormed out of the house . Upset and crying , she jumped into her car and was involved in a wreck . PERSON has been in a coma ever since and PERSON has rarely left her side .	PERSON could n't find his baseball hat . He looked all over the house . Adam finally found the hat in his brother 's room . Adam accused his brother of stealing the hat . PERSON and his brother got into an argument .	PERSON accused Crystal of stealing his money . He said he 'd left it on the dresser . She insisted she had n't taken it . He found it later in his pocket . He apologized for accusing her unfairly .	We had a huge argument a few days ago . I got mad at my laptop because it was acting strange . I could n't do any of my work properly . I finally looked at the side of it , and saw the ethernet was unplugged . I plugged it in , and everything worked again .
getting fired	PERSON 's sales were way down . He had n't been able to get his head in the game . PERSON knew he would be fired if he did n't do better . Unfortunately he was n't able to . He wound up getting fired .	PERSON , the manager of PERSON 's , was tired of seeing PERSON . He was a regular customer but asked for too much , PERSON thought . One evening PERSON asked for a plastic bag to carry his food in . PERSON said no , and that plastic bags were only given at breakfast . PERSON complained to the corporate office and PERSON was fired .	PERSON really did n't like his job . He wanted to get fired and collect unemployment . He tried to do it in a way that did n't get him in trouble . Unfortunately he went too far . His unemployment benefits were denied .	PERSON had been underperforming at work . He was afraid that they would fire him . PERSON tried to do better . Unfortunately it was n't enough . He was fired within the week .	PERSON kept messing up at work . Today he insulted an important client . It was n't on purpose but it was n't the only incident . PERSON knew he was going to be fired . He was let go at the end of the week .
no air conditioning	It was 90 degrees as PERSON drove to work with her windows down . Her car had no air conditioning , and she was suffering in the heat . She could feel sweat rolling down her spine . It was no help when she fanned herself with an envelope . At work she had to wear a sweater to cover the sweat stains .	I went back to the hotel last night , It was incredibly hot outside . I could n't wait to be in the cold . But when I went inside the air conditioning was not working . I went and took a cold shower to feel better .	PERSON stayed at a vacation house . But unfortunately there was no air conditioning . PERSON was so horrified . It was far too hot in there . PERSON never wanted to stay there again .	PERSON was staying in a rental house . The house unfortunately had no air conditioning . So PERSON had to suffer for the rest of the week . She could not believe it . The humidity was far too much for her .	It was an incredibly hot day outside . PERSON had to make a 2 hour drive in the heat . The air conditioning in his car did n't work . PERSON sweated profusely while driving . He had to pull over multiple times in order to cool off .
the apartment	PERSON was moving to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . He found a cheap apartment . When he moved his stuff in , he realized how tiny it was . PERSON was n't sure he would be able to fit everything ! He got rid of lots of things to make it all fit .	PERSON and PERSON rented an apartment together . It took them two weeks to find something they both liked . When they moved in , PERSON decided it was time to take the next step . He proposed to PERSON . They were excited to plan the wedding !	PERSON was moving . She found a great apartment downtown . She hired a moving company and started the process . She could n't wait to be settled . Her view was amazing !	PERSON was staying in an apartment . The people next door were loud and obnoxious . PERSON 's lease was coming up for renewal . The landlord did n't want to let PERSON switch apartments . PERSON did n't renew his lease with at the apartment building .	PERSON moved across town . His new apartment was very fancy . He arranged all his new furniture just so . He invited all his friends over for a party . He could n't wait to show off his new place !
morning coffee	PERSON was very late at work that morning . He still wanted coffee and brewed some at home . He drank his coffee too fast and burned his tongue . He hopped on his feet to help the pain . But as he did so , the coffee fell on him and he screamed .	Feeling groggy , I got up out of bed . I shuffled slowly to the kitchen . With my eyes half open I started the coffee machine . I waited for it to fill up my cup . I took a sip of my sweet coffee drink .	PERSON is sleepy . He starts a pot of coffee . PERSON puts cream and sugar in his cup and thermos . He then adds coffee to both . After finishing the cup , he takes the thermos to work with him .	PERSON was tired . He had stayed up all night studying for his test . PERSON was driving to school . He started to drift off . PERSON stopped at a coffee shop for a coffee .	PERSON was always irritable in the mornings . Drinking coffee with lots of caffeine helped him relax . He always had two cups . Today he only had one . His coworkers pitched in and bought him another .
business	PERSON wanted to start a business . His wife paid the bills . PERSON quit his job . He worked very hard . Now he is one of the richest men in the world .	PERSON is a homemaker . She wants to earn money . One day , she decided to join a pyramid scheme . This was a bad idea . PERSON still is n't making money .	The business of making money is a hard one . You can be a consultant or you can work by the hour . Sometimes making a new business is a good idea . But it can be a hard road . I 'd you put in the work you can make it .	PERSON wanted to start a company . He started a tech company in his garage . He would work everyday for 12 hours . He came up with his first product in 6 months . Everyone loved the product , and now PERSON is rich .	PERSON ran his own business . It was very successful . He offered the business for sale . There were many interested parties . PERSON made one million dollars in the sale .
amusement park	PERSON saw an advertisement for a new Amusement Park on television . PERSON decided he would visit the park on his next day off . Upon visiting the park , PERSON was shocked by what he saw . PERSON realized that the amusement park was a giant water park . PERSON was upset that another water park was opened in the area .	PERSON wanted to go the amusement park but he did n't have enough money . He asked his friend for money and he would agree if he was invited . As a result , PERSON invited him and they went to the amusement park . They enjoyed the vast amount of rides and experienced many thrills . PERSON thanked his friend and invited him for future activities .	PERSON went to the amusement park with his friends . He was excited to get on his favorite rollercoaster . However , the ride was closed for repairs this day . PERSON was upset but wanted to continue on to other rides . He tried another Rollercoaster and enjoyed it more than he .	One day the PERSON family went to the amusement park . First they rode the ferris wheel . Then they rode a roller coaster . They ate corn dogs for lunch . Everyone had fun .	I went to the amusement park with my friend today . I told him i would not get on the roller coasters . After some convincing i agreed to ride one . Although i was scared before it started , it was actually really fun . Now i ca n't wait to go back and ride them all .
wake up	PERSON was very lazy . She also recently had a baby . PERSON thought her baby should sleep all the time . One day she realized that babies do n't take four hour naps each day . She was forced to be less lazy as a result .	PERSON has a new job . He is supposed to be at the office by 8 AM . PERSON overslept because his alarm clock malfunctioned . He drove very fast to the office . PERSON barely made it to the office on time .	The alarmed rang hard but rick did not wake up . After 30 min he finally woke up . He hurried to get ready . On his way to work there was a lot of traffic . He finally made it to work with 2 minutes to spare .	PERSON woke up earlier than her entire family . She laid back down in her bed attempting to go back to sleep . She fidgeted in her bed and finally decided to get up . PERSON ran to her parents room and jumped on her father . She now watches television , while her father snores on the couch .	Being late for work was normal for Coco . She always stayed up super late . PERSON would sleep through her alarm every morning . Her boss was n't satisfied with her daily tardiness . PERSON lost her job and had to learn to go to bed early .
the new baby	The family had three member for 2 Years . The dog knew something was about the change . When the mom went into labor , the dog was nervous acting . The baby was brought home . The dog never left the baby 's side .	PERSON was six months pregnant with twins . She was having a lot of contractions . The doctor told her to come in and get checked out . She was hooked up to lots of machines . She stayed there for five hours .	PERSON 's mom was having a baby . PERSON was very excited for this new baby . However when the baby was born she noticed a change . This change was that she was n't getting as much attention . PERSON wished her sibling had never been born .	PERSON had her baby last night . She had a baby healthy , baby girl . I will be going to visit her today . She looks so sweet in the photographs . I am excited to see her .	PERSON was going to visit her sister today . She had just had a new baby and PERSON wanted to meet her . As soon as she arrived she went searching for the baby . But first , her friend made her wash her hands . Finally she was able to cuddle the baby .
giving back	PERSON did n't feel fulfilled in his life . He wanted to give back somehow . PERSON decided to volunteer at a local homeless shelter . The work was n't great but he helped a lot . PERSON felt much better .	PERSON joined the army when he was quite young . He thrived in the strict military conditions . He got injured on the frontline and was honourably discharged . When he came back to civilian life , he was very lost . Years later , he now helps war veterans get back into civilian life .	PERSON really wanted to do something fulfilling with her life . She had a desire to give back to the world . She currently has a dead end job and hates it . She quit her job and decided to join the Peace Corp. . She told her friends about it and they were all supportive of her .	My sister took me to the doctor 's office . She was complaining about not having enough money for gas . Since she 's always kind to me , I gave her $ 20 for gas . She was able to fill up her gas tank . I felt good after doing her a favor .	PERSON asked if I wanted to hang out with her for Halloween . I told her that I was busy and decided to go to the soup kitchen . The place was packed with several people . When I served one particular kid , he got on his knees and thanked me . I also gave him a large hug before he left .
flight	He vomited into the emesis bag . He had never been very good on flights . He had popped a xanax before take off but it was n't helping . The turbulence was driving him crazy . Next time he would have a couple drinks first .	I was flying stand-by home and I did n't get on my flight ! After I was told I was n't getting on I called my mom and told her . I had to wait a full day so I got a hotel room . On my way to the airport the next day I told my mom what I was doing . She wished me good luck and I got on my flight !	PERSON was terrified to fly . She trembled as she boarded the plane . She closed her eyes during liftoff . But then she opened her eyes and looked around . She saw that flying was n't so bad , after all !	The PERSON family was traveling to LOCATION for Christmas . Their journey required two plane transfers . Once they finally arrived in LOCATION they realized their bags were gone . During one of the transfers the luggage had gotten lost . The family bought local clothes and had a very different Christmas .	The man boarded a flight . He was seated next to a woman . He talked to the woman . They got along . He had a date with her at the destination .
cheat	PERSON started cheating on his math test . He thought he was being slick . But his teacher caught him and called him out ! She made PERSON apologize in front of the whole class . PERSON was mortified .	PERSON got on the subway without buying a ticket . But then she saw police walking up and down her train car . They were checking everyone 's tickets ! PERSON had to admit that she had not purchased one . She was given a $ 25 fine !	PERSON and PERSON were playing a game of darts . The game was very close . PERSON had more points but they did n't know it yet . When PERSON counted his score he lied and reported more . PERSON believed him and so PERSON lost .	Peely Steel like to play shooter games . His ability to predict his opponent was his best skill . He outsmarted and outmaneuvered dozens of teams . Until one day he was caught betting on himself to lose . Now he 's banned from tournament play for life .	PERSON 's wife was furious with him ! She pointed at the lipstick on his shirt collar and accused him . PERSON denied the affair , saying it was from an overly affectionate peer . He beat her down emotionally until she accepted he was being honest . PERSON called his mistress and told her it had been a close call .
key	Kia had lost her keys . She looked everywhere for them . She was so frustrated and puzzled ! Then they finally turned up - after hours of looking . Kia had somehow put them in the fridge !	PERSON 's mom and dad worked until 5 every afternoon . Adam had to come home from school and let himself in . But in two months he lost his key four times ! Finally his parents grew fed up with PERSON 's carelessness . They arranged for a neighbor to hold the key instead !	PERSON kept locking her keys in her car . She decided to get a spare key to hide just in case . She went to her local hardware store to make a spare . It only took a few moments for the kiosk to copy her key . She no longer has problems with locking her key in her car .	PERSON lost her keys . She arrived home from work but she could n't get in . She checked her windows , but they were all locked . She had to call a locksmith for help . The locksmith let PERSON into her house .	Kia could n't find her car key anywhere ! She panicked because she was always losing things . Then she remembered that she had given her mom an extra key . She had known she was prone to losing things . Kia 's foresight saved the day !
bakery	PERSON owned a bakery . She spent her whole life 's savings to open the bakery . Nobody liked the pastries that PERSON sold . PERSON 's bakery was failing . PERSON decided to burn down the bakery instead of see it fail .	PERSON stopped by his favorite bakery to buy some bread . He could feel nice smell of the bakery outside . The owner told him they are baking a new kind of bread . PERSON decided to wait there . He really liked a new bread .	PERSON 's grandma wanted to buy a cake . They were shopping at the fancy grocery store her grandma liked . PERSON 's eyes grew when she saw the bakery . The racks were lined with delicate treats she had never seen . PERSON wanted to try everything , but settled on a cannoli .	PERSON loved the bakery . There were many snacks in the bakery . One day , PERSON saw the bakery was closed . PERSON became sad that she could buy cookies . After staying up all night , PERSON purchased cookies in the morning .	PERSON was starting her new job at the bakery . She was not good at baking , so she was nervous ! She hoped they would not fire her for incompetence . Then she learned that they wanted her to work the register . PERSON was relieved to have a job she was good at !
sing	PERSON had a very good voice . Since she was little , everyone complimented it . One day , she decided to sing to judges . The judges loved it and made her famous . Now , PERSON makes money from singing to millions .	PERSON thought she was a great singer . So she always sang in public . And she posted videos of herself singing online . But when people criticized her , she became very arrogant . And she wasted her life doing something she was never good at .	PERSON wanted to be a singer professionally . He knew he was good and everyone told him he was . He worked a full time job and did shows on the weekends . He kept pursuing his music career . Finally after 5 years , PERSON got a record deal .	PERSON wanted to learn how to sing . But he did n't want anyone to know . So PERSON practiced in private . One day , PERSON 's sister saw him singing . And she complimented his voice .	The friends went out . They had some drinks . An announcement was made . There was going to be karaoke . The friends decided to stay for that .
the suit	PERSON was attending a wedding . He wore a suit to the wedding . He spilled a bit of food on his suit . PERSON could n't get the food off of his suit . He brought the suit to the cleaners the next day .	Harry wanted a suit . He had never bought a suit before . Harry decided to go shopping . He bought a slim-fitting charcoal suit . Finally , PERSON had a suit !	PERSON wanted the perfect suit to wear at for his wedding . PERSON visited many stores but did n't find what he wanted . His aunt volunteered to make him a one-of-a - kind suit . PERSON bought everything she needed to make him the suit . On his wedding day , PERSON proudly wore the suit his aunt made for him .	PERSON made suits for a living . PERSON came into PERSON 's shop and asked for a very unique suit . PERSON told him this would take a long time to make . PERSON said he needed it in two days . PERSON worked day and night and he finished the suit for PERSON .	PERSON needed a suit for his interview . PERSON decided to go to the outlet mall to get a suit . He found a suit he liked but it was too loose at shoulder . He went to a tailor to have the suit fitted . PERSON now had a great suit for his interview .
thirst	PERSON was extremely thirsty after his workout . But he did n't have any change for the vending machine . Unfortunately , the water fountain was also out of order . He decided to stop by the gas station on his way home . PERSON was finally able to quench his thirst .	Harry had been out walking for miles . He got lost in the woods and did n't know it . He was thirsty but ran out of water a while back . There was a puddle near by . He drank from the puddle .	PERSON was thirsty . He decided to have some lemonade . He checked his fridge for some lemonade . His fridge was out of lemonade . PERSON settled for plain water .	PERSON was very thirsty . He asked his friend to buy him drinks . He paid his friend five dollars to go to the store . His friend got the drinks for PERSON . PERSON quenched his thirst .	PERSON just finished running a mile . And he really needed something to drink . He headed towards the nearest water fountain . But the water tasted odd and barely helped his thirst . When he got home , he felt very weak and sick .
the marathon	PERSON was training to enter a marathon . He jogged everyday at the local park . PERSON began to start watching his diet . PERSON was in his best shape ever on the day of the marathon . PERSON was in the top twenty finishers of the race .	PERSON wanted to win the marathon . He trained hard for many months . Then came the day of the race and he was ready . He made it halfway and began to tire but he slowed down to recover . After he recovered he was able to finish with a person best time .	PERSON was playing Mortal Kombat against his parents wishes . He usually only played the game late at night while the slept . One day his friend PERSON came over and wanted to play . They played the game quietly to avoid being caught . They quickly pretended to be reading when PERSON 's mom came in the room	My sister told me about a breast cancer awareness marathon . I was interested so I listened to her talk about it . After a short time , me and her decided on signing up together . Race day came , and we took off to our vehicles and met up . As we exited , we saw all the runners and could n't wait to join in .	PERSON was training for a marathon . He got up every morning and ran . Each morning he added extra time to his run . He did strength training too . On the day of the race , he finished in record time .
stairs	PERSON hating walking up the stairs every day . He knew it was good exercise but it annoyed him . One day , he stopped walking up the stairs . He grew fat and could not do a lot of stuff . Then , he began exercising to lose weight again .	PERSON lived under a staircase . he lived with his uncle , who does n't care for him . He later on received a letter . The better gave him full scholarship to a school He took it with a heartbeat	PERSON was an athlete . PERSON had to frequently climb stairs at his work . PERSON decided to skip stairs for exercise . PERSON began skipping stairs regularly . PERSON saw his fitness improve noticeably .	PERSON decided to take the stairs to her office at work . The first few floors were easy enough . By the 5th floor PERSON was panting . Since it was only 6 floors she thought it would be easy . When PERSON arrived at her desk she was panting and sweating .	One night my friend called me crying . She was walking down the street in LOCATION when someone pushed her . She fell down a flight of cement stairs and split her head . The assailant did not attempt to take anything and fled the scene . My friend needed 6 staples in her head .
friends	PERSON had always been shy , but he wanted more friends . Then he heard about a confidence class he could attend . The class taught him ways to be sociable and outgoing . PERSON followed the advice he was given at the class . Soon he was making friends easily and frequently !	PERSON was excited that a new family was moving in next door . He took his basketball over when he saw there were two boys . The three kids went to the playground and played hoops for an hour . PERSON invited them over for dinner since they had n't unpacked boxes . The three boys became the best of friends that first day .	PERSON loved to follow her sister around . Her sister was much older with many cool friends . PERSON was told she could n't join them at events many times . PERSON 's sister realized PERSON was getting very sad over this . She invited PERSON to hang out at the park so that she would be happy .	PERSON wanted to make a friend . He spends all day playing video games inside . His mother suggested he go outside to meet people . PERSON went outside to find a friend . Now PERSON has a new friend .	PERSON tripped and fell on her way into class on the first day . PERSON , PERSON 's friend from last year , snickered at her clumsiness . New kids PERSON and PERSON , helped PERSON to her feet . They did not laugh at her , they asked if she was ok . PERSON decided she would rather make nice , new friends .
PERSON 's gym	PERSON did not have much self esteem . He felt that his body was out of shape . PERSON decided to join a gym . PERSON worked out at the gym a few times a week . Over a few months , PERSON began to feel better about himself .	PERSON is a little overweight for her age and height . PERSON plans to began a rigorous diet and exercise plan . She becomes in shape and healthier overtime . PERSON starts her own gym . She now travels around the world offering healthy eating tips .	PERSON arrives at the gym . He warms up with a quick run . PERSON does his leg routine . PERSON cleans up and heads home . He passes out for a nap because he 's exhausted from leg day .	PERSON loved going to the gym every day . She even paid for a two-year gym membership . One day she went to the gym and it had closed its doors . She was unable to get any of her money refunded . PERSON was very unhappy with the gym she used to love .	PERSON wanted to start working out . His friend had a gym membership . PERSON tried out the gym with his friend . PERSON decided to join the gym . PERSON went to the gym everyday with his membership .
bad tattoo	PERSON really wanted a tattoo . His friends convinced him to get on on his arm . It was a painful process . When it was done , tom thought it was ugly . He later went to get it removed .	PERSON needed to get her tattoo done . Her sister recommended a place . So trish decided to try it . But unfortunately they messed up . PERSON then had to get it removed .	PERSON wanted to get a tattoo of a rose . She went to the parlor to get it done . At first it looked good . Yet when it was done , it looked terrible . PERSON then had to go get it removed the next week .	Tim really wanted a tattoo . So he went and got one done . All of the sudden he screamed . Pain was very bad . When he looked down at his arm it was messed up .	PERSON really wanted to get a tattoo . She was debating about it . Finally she decided she wanted to get one after all . When she got on the seat , they started doing a bad job . The tattoo was so terrible PERSON wanted it to end .
broken record	PERSON joined his high school track team . He figured it would look good on college applications . It turns out PERSON was really good at it . He wound up winning several awards . By graduation he had broken several school records .	PERSON bought a record at a thrift shop . He listened to it immediately . Unfortunately one of the songs skipped . PERSON liked the record too much anyway . He decided to keep it regardless .	PERSON bought a new record . It played wrong when he tried to listen to it . He returned it for another . That one played wrong also . PERSON realized it was the player that was broken .	PERSON played the record . He danced to the music . The record stopped . He picked up the record to turn it over . He dropped the record .	I 've been a teacher for nine years . I 've never had anyone throw up in my class . Today that record was broken when someone threw up four times . That person was me . So much for that record .
subway	PERSON was on the subway heading into LOCATION LOCATION . He knew it was going to be busy , since it was Super Bowl Weekend . He was n't prepared for how busy it really was . Once he got off the subway , he could barely get out of the station . He decided to just get back on the subway and go home .	PERSON was riding on the subway at night . PERSON became scared since she thought someone was dangerous . PERSON began to switch to the other subway car . PERSON had noticed he did not follow her . PERSON felt relief that the person was not dangerous .	PERSON took off his glasses and sat them down in his lap . He heard the call for his next stop . He woke up quickly and jumped off the subway . As the train pulled away he remembered his glasses . They had fallen off his lap onto the floor .	PERSON needed to be at a company meeting within the hour . She tried calling a friend to drive her with no luck . Finally , she decided to take the subway instead . She was nervous at first , never having taken one before . Sitting during the commute , she realized it was n't difficult at all .	PERSON sat quietly on the subway as she waited for her stop . An elderly woman boarded the train and held onto the subway rail . PERSON felt bad . She stood up and offered her seat to the elderly woman . The woman thanked PERSON enthusiastically .
PERSON loses the game	PERSON was the star quarterback . PERSON was playing in the big game . PERSON 's team is down 4 points . PERSON attempts to run for a touchdown . He is tackled before he can score and loses the game .	PERSON is playing a game of basketball . He is so confident he can win . PERSON is losing by two points . PERSON goes for the game winning shot . He misses the shot and loses the game .	PERSON is playing a game of basketball . He is down by just one basket . PERSON goes up to shoot the game winning shot . PERSON misses the shot badly . PERSON was so disappointed he lost the game .	PERSON is playing in a football game . PERSON is the star receiver for the team . PERSON knows the ball is coming his way to score a touchdown . PERSON runs deep and the ball is thrown to him . PERSON drops the pass and loses the game .	PERSON was playing in a basketball game . It was the championship game . PERSON wanted the ball for the last shot . The ball is passed to PERSON . He shoots and misses and loses the game for the team .
clothes	I threw the clothes on the ground . I did n't care to take them to the laundry basket . It was beginning to overflow . I was so depressed I did n't want to do anything . I finally did the laundry after a month .	PERSON needed new clothes . He had not been shopping in years . PERSON decided to go to the mall . PERSON found many great articles of clothing there . PERSON bought a new wardrobe .	I had lost my job and was unable to afford new clothes . I put on a shirt that had holes in it and went to a thrift store . I asked them if they had any old clothes to spare . The thrift store manager gave me a bag of clothes . I was very grateful for the gift .	PERSON had a lot of old clothes . She did not want to throw them out . She decided on a better solution . She donated the clothes to a shelter . She was happy knowing they would still be useful to someone !	PERSON needed new clothes for an interview . He did not know where to go . He also did not have any money . He begged people for money . They gave him money .
the teddy bear	PERSON was going sleep at his grandparents ' house . His mother helped him pack his bag . She dropped PERSON off at the house . PERSON realized he had n't packed his teddy bear . PERSON 's mom went home to get his bear .	PERSON had a new baby . The baby was a beautiful , healthy boy . PERSON and her husband wanted to spoil him from the beginning . They bought him the biggest teddy bear they could find ! They felt like good parents when they gave their baby nice things .	Every Tuesday PERSON goes to the park with her teddy bear . She took teddy down the slides , on the swings , and in the sand box . PERSON heard her mom calling that it was time to go home . She looked around and could not find Teddy . PERSON ran to her mom crying , but Mom already had Teddy waiting .	PERSON 's mom gave her a teddy bear when she was born . PERSON grew up taking it everywhere with her . One day while they shopped , PERSON remembered she left it in the car . PERSON and her mom went back to the car to get it . They were walking back to the store when it collapsed on itself .	PERSON loved stuffed animals . His favorite was his teddy bear . His aunt gave it to him when he was born . PERSON slept with it every night . It brought him a lot of comfort .
lesson learned	PERSON has a Siberian husky . It sheds fur everywhere . Last week , he finally vacuumed his place . It took him hours to get it done because of the fur . Now he vacuums every week .	I went for a hike on a warm and sunny Tuesday morning . I was so excited for the hike , I forgot my jacket in the car . Halfway up the trail , the skies darkened and a nasty ice storm ensued ! I sheltered under a cold rock ledge for four frozen hours ! Mother Nature sure taught me to respect her and to always be prepared .	PERSON ate a piece of fruit that fell from a tree . He was n't sure what kind of fruit it was , and he started to regret it . Sure enough , his concern was warranted , as he became sick . He ran to a public trash can , and vomited the contents of his stomach . He vowed to never again eat something he ca n't identify .	There was a large lightning storm one night in LOCATION . A group of cattle were scared by the flashes . They all fled the fields . It took the farmer several days to find all of his livestock . He never left them outside in a storm again .	My mom was a very active lively woman . One day she started feeling ill and ignored the symptoms . After three long weeks of barely getting by she finally saw a doctor . At that point she was so sick she had to be hospitalized for a week . She learned that now she needs to see the doctor much sooner .
broken toe	PERSON was a dancer . She was getting ready to do her talent . As she was stretching , she heard a loud noise . She then felt a horrible pain . PERSON had broken her big toe .	PERSON got out of her class when the bell rung . Since she was holding her books , she did n't see where she was walking . Unfortunately , her food hit a metal block on the floor . She immediately fell off of the ground . PERSON helped her get up since she had a broken toe .	I was sitting on the couch watching my favorite show . Then the phone began to ring from the kitchen . I jumped up and ran to the kitchen to answer the phone . While running I stubbed my toe and the coffee table . I went to the doctor and he said my toe was broken .	A few years ago , my dog accidentally pushed me down the stairs . I slipped and with my big toe bent under my foot . The pain was intense , I could n't get my breath for 10 minutes . The dog was very upset , crying and licking me . I had broken my big toe , and was on bed rest for 2 weeks .	PERSON was walking around his apartment at night . He did n't want to turn on any lights . He accidentally stubbed his toe on an end table . The next morning it was really swollen and hurt . PERSON was told it was broken by the doctor .
spanish test	Sue has a Spanish test at the end of the week . She has studied for days . She was still nervous . When she got to class , she reviewed her notes again . Sue knew she passed her test .	PERSON has a Spanish test coming up . She is not ready . She has missed two days of school . PERSON decided to skip test day . PERSON got caught and got detention .	PERSON has a Spanish test tomorrow . He has been studying all week for it . When he got to class , he felt ready . PERSON took his test and was confident . He was happy when he made an A.	Jan has a Spanish test tomorrow . Instead of studying , PERSON decided to go out . When she got to class , she fell asleep . Jan did not finish her test . She failed her test and was not able to retake it .	PERSON has a Spanish test tomorrow . She has not studied at all . She decided to pull an allnighter . She felt very nervous about her test . Luckily she passed and did well .
sibling rivalry	PERSON was always beaten by his brother at chess . He decided to enlist the help of a local chess champion . PERSON studied very hard . He challenged his brother to a match . He finally came out victorious .	PERSON and PERSON fought all the time . PERSON often wished she had no brother . Then I went off to join the Army . In his absence , PERSON noticed a strange thing . She actually missed her brother PERSON !	As a child , PERSON was always bullied by his older brother , PERSON . PERSON vowed to someday reverse the roles in their relationship . After hitting puberty , PERSON grew substantially . Eventually , he was much taller and stronger than PERSON . With the odds no longer in his favor , PERSON called a truce .	PERSON was always mean to his sister . One day , he pulled her hair and pushed her over . Instead of crying , she took one of his action figures and broke it . PERSON was so shocked , he started to cry . PERSON 's mother told him that that is why we should not be mean .	PERSON wanted to watch a movie on the DVD player . Her brother PERSON wanted to watch a baseball game . They fought roughly for control of the TV remote . Their grappling caused them to accidentally knock over the television . Neither of them got what they wanted , since that TV was now broken .
giving up	PERSON was invited to go to a Movie with a group of kids . She was invited by her crush PERSON . She thought PERSON liked her and wanted her there . When she arrived he was there with another girl . PERSON finally realized her and PERSON were not meant to be .	PERSON was playing football with his friends . They were losing badly . PERSON decided they should just give up . As tim 's team left , PERSON saw his little brother watching . PERSON decided to stay and play to set a better example .	I wanted to give up on work this morning . Nothing seemed to be happening . I kept accepting work , but having to return it . I went and laid down on the bed for a minute . That 's when all the work started showing up at once .	PERSON finished her research paper . She sent it to her teacher and deleted the document after . A few minutes later , she got a reply from her teacher . He told her to re edit the document . Since she deleted it , she accepted an F for the grade .	PERSON was on a long hike . She had promised herself ice cream if she finished the hike . She tried pushing herself as far as possible . Still she soon felt worn out and wanted to give up . Considering the length left , she decided to bail and go home .
puppies	PERSON had a really rough day . Her friends suggested she go rent a puppy for a day . PERSON liked the idea . She drove with her friend to the Puppy Barn . The puppy made her really happy again .	I have a dog named lollipop . She is pregnant and nearly to gave birth . When the delivery time arrived , lollipop delivered four puppies . But one puppy is weak and unconscious . One puppy died and three were alive .	My mom 's dog was getting very fat . My mom knew she was n't feeding her too much . So , my mom took her to the vet . The vet declared that the dog was pregnant . Now , my mom has four dogs .	My dog had puppies . It was cold outside . She came into the garage . She had one puppy outside . It did not survive .	My friend bought some puppies the other day . She invited me over to her place to play with them . I stayed all day and played with her puppies . I got back to my house late at night . I ca n't wait to play with those puppies again .
the new dog	I went on a hike one morning by myself to have some time alone . I brought along a lighter , planning to make a fire to stay warm . I gathered grass and wood together into a pile . I struggled to light it for half an hour . I gave up and got a torch , realizing my woodsman skills are lacking .	PERSON wanted a dog very much . His mother and father always said no . One day , PERSON 's mother and father took him out to the country . They went to a farmhouse with new puppies playing outside . PERSON 's parents let him pick out a puppy to take home .	PERSON 's Mum bought a new dog without telling PERSON . Dad was very angry and said it must go back to the shop . Mum said she had to go out but would take it back later . When she got home , Dad was cuddling the dog . He said it could stay .	PERSON adopted a new dog . Her family fell in love when they saw him . They decided to name him Rover . They played with him all night . The dog passed out on the living room floor after all that playing .	PERSON was going to the pet store . She was very excited . She looked at the cats , fish , gerbils , even the snakes ! But when she saw her dog , she knew he was family . She took her new dog , PERSON , home .
flowers	PERSON was cutting her flowers in her garden . When she went to make a cut , she pricked her finger on a thorn . She started bleeding and she ran inside to get a bandaid . There were no bandages so she wrapped her finger in duct tape . Her children laughed at her funny appearance .	PERSON and PERSON were fighting . No matter how hard either of them tried , they could n't agree . One day PERSON decided to buy PERSON flowers . She was very surprised by the gift . Gradually , they began to get along .	PERSON was an excellent gardener . She worked very hard on her flowers . One day , a boy from the neighborhood rode his bike through her garden . It destroyed her flowers . PERSON vowed never to garden again .	PERSON entered the kitchen and noticed her flowers . They were all withering and dying . This was the second batch of flowers that died this month . PERSON sighed and threw them away . She would pick up some new flowers at the shop this week .	Some kids trampled flowers . The policemen told them that was bad . They felt bad about it . They bought some new flowers . They planted them .
jog	PERSON and PERSON took a jog . They wanted to see how long they can go . They jogged for 20 minutes straight . They were so exhausted . It was a new record for them though .	PERSON and his dog were playing together . The game was hide and seek . PERSON would count to three , and his dog would go hide . One time , PERSON was the one who hid . PERSON hid behind the door , the dog whined unable to find him .	PERSON decided to go for a run . He had not run for weeks . He forgot to stretch . When PERSON got home he was in pain . He had pulled his hamstring .	I was going for a jog along the road outside my house . I saw my neighbor 's dog in my neighbor 's front yard . When I jogged past , the dog ran towards me and attacked me . My neighbor heard my screams and came out to help me . He pulled his dog away from me and I was saved from being bitten .	PERSON wanted to get stronger . She decided to start jogging . At first she could only run a few blocks . But soon she was jogging for miles easily . PERSON was proud of her increased strength and endurance !
darkness	PERSON was scared of the dark . She did not want to go to bed . She was sure that she saw shadows on the wall . Her father gave her a flashlight . She used the flashlight and went to bed .	PERSON was afraid of the dark and wanted to fix it . PERSON went to the store and asked around about good lamps . The employee said they did n't have many good ones . PERSON went to a different store and found the perfect lamp . PERSON plugged the lamp into her room and was very happy with the result .	PERSON was afraid of the darkness . Specifically , he had trouble of walking home at night . PERSON seeked help from a therapist . The therapist advised him on how to beat his fear . PERSON beat his fear and was able to face the darkness without trouble .	PERSON is afraid of the dark . She sleeps with her night light on . Her parents insisted there is no need to be afraid . PERSON older brother taught her how to overcome her fear . She learned to count backwards really fast to fight her fear .	The darkness permeated the bedroom . Everything had gone still and silent . She sat up in bed and looked out the window . The clouds were grey and hanging low . She smiled as she saw that it had snowed overnight .
PERSON 's dress	PERSON was wearing her brand new dress . It cost her a fortune but she thought it was worth it . As she walked down the street , a man with a coffee cup tripped by her . Spilled coffee flew toward her . PERSON dodged the beverage just in time , sparing her dress .	PERSON got a new dress . Her dress was so big and blue . Her mom told her to be careful not to trip . PERSON was running up some steps . She tripped and tore a hole in her dress .	PERSON was so excited for prom , she already had a date , and her tickets . The only thing missing was the perfect dress . She went to the mall with a group of friends to start the search . After 4 stores and over 20 dresses she finally found the perfect one . Her friends gasped as she walked out and she knew , it was perfect .	PERSON woke up and picked out a dress to wear . When she put the dress on it was too tight . PERSON decided to lose weight . She started eating healthy and exercising . PERSON was able to fit the dress three weeks later .	My friend PERSON had a nice black dress . She always wore it and considered it her favorite . PERSON took it to the cleaners recently . She was very upset because they damaged it during cleaning . She ended up getting her money back for the damage done .
soda	I liked drinking soda . But , it was too expensive . So , I decided to make some at home . Alas , I used the wrong ratios of chemicals . The soda did not carbonate .	The soda hit the ground hard . She sighed in frustration that she had ruined it . Picking it up , she put it back in the car . Later she went to get a soda . She forgot , and it fizzed all over her .	PERSON wanted to quit drinking soda . It was causing weight gain and hurting her teeth . So she began chewing sugar-free gum all day instead of sipping soda . At first , it was difficult to break her cravings for soda . But soon , PERSON had forgotten all about it !	I went to buy a soda from the soda machine . However , I did n't have enough money . As I walked away , I found another quarter on the floor . I picked it up and used it to buy my soda . What luck !	I went to buy a soda today . They had so many different types . I bought my soda . My soda was cold . I drank my soda .
full moon	My friends noticed that they act strange during a full moon . They said they engaged in risky activities and could n't sleep . I told them that it might be some kind of placebo effect . They looked up the scientific facts and showed them to me . I was surprised to see that they were right about their experiences .	PERSON was walking home from work one night . He passed a large glass building that reflected light like a mirror . As PERSON was admiring himself he noticed the full moon . The moon was a soft shade of orange . PERSON walked the rest of the way entranced by the moon 's soft light .	PERSON wanted to go for a walk . He was concerned for his safety as it was nighttime . He did not consider the full moon . The full moon lit up his pathway perfectly . PERSON had a safe walk under the moonlight .	A jet pilot fell in love with the moon . During a flight he broke course and followed it . For 17 hours he followed the moon around the world . Once he ran out of fuel he landed in a strange land . The pilot sat and waited for the moon to return .	PERSON always liked full moons . Last week she invited people over to have a night picnic . It was bright because of the full moon . They had wine and crackers and had small talk . They eventually went back in when it got too cold .
swimmer	PERSON loved swimming . She wanted to be a champion swimmer . But she just could n't race fast enough to win any contests ! Then PERSON found another way to keep herself in the water . PERSON became a swim coach and got paid to be in the water every day !	PERSON could not swim . She decided it was time to learn . She signed up for a class at the pool . She began by learning slow , easy strokes . Soon she was swimming quickly and expertly !	PERSON liked to swim . He visited the rec center a couple times a week to use the pool . Eventually the rec center closed down . PERSON was upset at not having a place to swim . He began to swim at the lake instead .	PERSON was six years old . She wanted to learn to swim . Her mom took her to the pool . There , she patiently taught Ava the basics . Soon PERSON was paddling all by herself !	PERSON was at the beach one afternoon . She went into the water for a swim . But she ventured out farther than she had planned . She was a poor swimmer and could only dog paddle . She hurried to get back to shallower water !
the baby	PERSON wanted desperately to have a baby . Her and PERSON tried for years but could n't conceive . PERSON went to a popular fertility clinic for consultation . The doctor gave her a thorough exam . PERSON should be able to begin treatments in a few weeks .	I am so tired today . The baby woke up a few times last night . I had a lot of trouble getting him back to sleep . I was up a lot of the night with him . I hope he sleeps better tonight .	After years of trying for a child , the doctors called me infertile . Family comforted me with thoughts of pets or adoption . I had never considered adoption before now . On the 1st we are going to an adoption agency . After our appointment a new baby will be welcomed into the family .	The baby would not stop crying . It woke up the entire house . The mom finally decided to give it a bottle . The baby fell back asleep . The rest of the house could not go back to sleep .	PERSON unexpectedly found out she was pregnant . At first she was not excited and was very nervous . As time went on , she became very excited to have a baby . She could n't wait for the baby to be born . When the baby was finally born , she was overjoyed to be a mom .
lobster	Ivy 's dad took her out for seafood . Ivy had never tried it before . She was nervous , but she order lobster . She took a cautious bite , then smiled broadly . The lobster was actually delicious !	PERSON went to a fancy dinner . The menu was lobster , which she hated . She resolved to keep her mouth shut about it . She filled up on appetizers instead . And at dessert , PERSON had two helpings of pie !	I decided to order lobster at a fancy restaurant . However , it was too hard to eat . I needed to smash it open with a mallet . Then I had to dig for the good lobster meat . So I had it switched out for a cheese burger .	PERSON 's fiance took her out for a lobster dinner . She had never had any seafood at all . She was nervous about whether she 'd like it . But after her first bite , her nerves dissolved . PERSON loved the lobster - it was delicious !	I was at a fancy restaurant . I ordered the lobster . Unfortunately , the bill was 60 dollars . I could n't pay the bill . After ten hours of washing dishes , I was able to leave .
suicide	I was reading when suddenly I got a phone call . It was my best friend 's mother . She said my friend killed himself . I began to cry . I went to his funeral and cried some more .	PERSON PERSON was proud of his job as a photojournalist . The New York Times sent him on assignment to LOCATION . He photographed the starving black people of a village . He took a picture of a dying child about to be eaten by a vulture . PERSON won the Pulitzer but killed himself two months later .	The love of LOCATION 's life had cheated on him . He got on a bridge and was about ready to jump . As he turned his head , PERSON noticed a woman about to do the same . He stopped her from jumping . They got coffee later that night , and eventually married .	The telephone on the desk rung . Since the ringer was on vibrate , it was moving around . It ended from falling from the desk . PERSON heard a loud noise and walked into the living room . He saw the broken telephone on the ground .	Last month my former PERSON coworker lost his son . PERSON 's son was only 23 and a recent college grad . The young man had been bipolar all his life . He took his life by overdosing on pills . I sent a sympathy card to PERSON .
flashlight	The lights went out at work . The room was completely dark . The manager asked where a flashlight was . A worker said it was over there . The manager yelled that he could n't see him pointing .	PERSON and her family were in a dark house during a blackout . They were searching for candles . PERSON found something round and plastic in a drawer . She realized it was a flashlight . PERSON was relieved to have found something to light the room .	There was a power outage in the PERSON residence . Fred could barely see in front of him . He crawled around in the dark , feeling his way around . Finally , he felt his hand wrap around a familiar item . He turned on the flashlight .	I was walking in the woods at night . My flashlight suddenly stopped working . I tried to find my way out of the woods in the dark . Alas , I stumbled on a rock and fell and broke my ankle . I learned to always bring a second flashlight .	PERSON bought a high-powered flashlight . He decided to shine it in his wife 's eyes . His wife got angry . She scolded him and hit him . PERSON had to sleep on the couch that night .
bad boss	PERSON worked as a Administrative Assistant for the company 's CEO . However , PERSON felt more like the CEO of the company herself . PERSON 's boss would pass on a lot of his responsibilities to her . In addition , while PERSON was working , her boss would be playing golf . PERSON was not pleased with the way that her boss treated her .	PERSON did n't like her boss at work . He was always treating her as if she did n't exist . To make sure he 'd notice her , she spiced his coffee with pepper . He drank the coffee and coughed it all up on her . This time , he had no choice to notice her and apologized .	PERSON became a new boss at his work . His colleagues were jealous . They did not like PERSON . They decided to strike . They did not come to work next morning .	PERSON is excited when her boss quits . She is in line for a promotion . Her boss passes her over for a girl with no experience , just big boobs . PERSON starts thinking about getting implants . But her friends convince her to quit her job instead .	PERSON hated his job . He thought his boss was incompetent . One day his boss asked PERSON to do something dangerous . PERSON refused to do so . His boss tried to write him up but did n't have a legit reason .
fourth of july	Carlie bought sparklers from a fireworks tent on the Fourth of July . She waited until it was dark outside . Carlie went outside in her driveway . She lit a sparkler . Carlie twirled around making designs with the sparkler .	Some kids set off fireworks on a mesa . The grass on the mesa burned . The fire came close to some houses . Firefighters put out the fire . Nobody was hurt .	Brent bought some fireworks for the Fourth of July . He knew not to shoot them off in the city , but he did anyway . A bottle rocket that Brent had launched landed on a neighbor 's roof . The roof caught fire , and the neighbor 's house was destroyed . Brent was upset , and felt that he deserved to be punished .	PERSON awoke and jumped out of bed . It was Independence Day and she was excited . She ran and asked her grandma if they could go see fireworks . Grandma reminded her that would n't be for hours . PERSON decided to play to pass the time .	PERSON wanted to get fireworks for the Fourth of July . He bought big fireworks and small fireworks . He even got sparklers . His family and friends showed up at his house . PERSON put on a spectacular show !
the yard	PERSON played ball in the yard . His friends wanted to come over . PERSON would n't let them . Then , jim got bored . He let his friends in the yard and had lots of fun .	The yard is filled with weeds because I 'm terrified of snakes . I refused to mow the grass last week , because I was so afraid . I ended up calling several lawn care services to do the job for me . All of them wanted a lot of money up front . I finally found a friend 's kid who mowed the lawn for $ 20 .	PERSON 's yard was a mess . PERSON decided he would clean the yard . So he started to clean the yard . He finished it a hour later . The yard was nice and clean .	PERSON 's had a house in a city . The yard had no grass . She hired some men to come fix everything . She planted sunflowers and grass . Now she has a beautiful yard .	The mom and baby went into the yard . The baby crawled in the grass . The baby did n't like the grass . The baby crawled to her mom . The mom picked the baby up .
sale	PERSON 's grandma passed away . He was in charge of her estate . He had to sell her house . It was tons of work . He ended up making a lot of money .	PERSON 's favorite store was having a huge sale . He thought it was a great opportunity to buy the items he had wanted . When he went to the store , there were people everywhere . He looked for the items he wanted , but everything was gone in his size . He left the store empty handed and disappointed .	PERSON was really poor . He could hardly pay for his apartment . He decided to sell his items on the street . He sold all of his prized possessions for cheap . He is able to live in the apartment for another month at least .	PERSON was at a grocery store . And he wanted to buy coffee . He looked at the ground coffee that he usually buys . But he saw another brand on sale . When he tried the coffee at home , he realized why it was on sale .	I am always concerned about my online business sales . I really want to be prepared to move products this holiday season . I inventoried all the stock i plan to sell for Christmas . I discovered I had more than enough stock for the holidays . Relieved about sales I decided to run a Black Friday Sale this year .
decorating	The man measured the diameter of the table . He cut a piece of fabric with that same diameter . He glued the fabric to the top of the table for decoration . His wife did n't like the fabric . The man removed the fabric and the glue .	PERSON had some free time that week . She decided to decorate her house . She went to the mall and visited some shops . PERSON bought paint and some pictures to hang on the walls . After an entire day of work , PERSON 's house was very pretty now .	PERSON wanted to decorate her tree for Christmas . She went to the store to buy decorations . PERSON bought a set of ornaments for her tree . She carried the box inside and tripped . All of the ornaments broke .	PERSON 's boss decided to throw a holiday party . The employees were asked to help prepare for the celebration . PERSON was put in charge of the Decorating Committee . Though she was nervous to be in charge , she gave it her all . She was overjoyed when she got many compliments on her decorations .	PERSON loved to decorate her house . For every holiday , she bought lots of new decor items . She made lots of crafts to put around her house . She decided to funnel her energy into a design business . She had a knack for the business !
new best friend	PERSON was in the middle of a morning run when he heard a noise . He stopped to look around . In a tied up bag , he found an injured dog . He immediately ran it to the vet . PERSON now has a new friend who will grow up and run with him .	PERSON 's friend PERSON moved away at the beginning of summer . PERSON dreaded starting school because she would n't have any friends . The first day of school , she met Amber . The two hit it off and were soon fast friends . PERSON still misses PERSON but she 's glad she met Amber .	PERSON was heartbroken when the dog she 'd had since childhood died . In her grief she vowed never to own another dog . But soon she started dating PERSON , who had a beloved dog of his own . She was worried , but the moment she met PERSON she loved her . She would never forget her dog , but now knew she could love another .	PERSON was new at school and wanted to make new friends . She decided to join the school 's drama team to see if that would help . Luckily it helped and she made a new friend . One girl in particular PERSON became her new best friend . PERSON was happy she was able to have a best friend finally .	PERSON 's old dog recently passed away . PERSON felt very sad for her loss . After 6 months , she decided to rescue another dog . She went to her local shelter . PERSON found her new best friend and could n't be happier .
sweet tea	PERSON was trying to make some sweet tea . He wound up using way too much sugar . The tea tasted like syrup . PERSON tried to water it down more but that took away the flavor . He was forced to drink his gross concoction until he could make more .	Sugar had lots of friends over visiting at her house . It was summer and they were all thirsty . But all Sugar had was her namesake , and tea bags . She decided to try to brew up homemade sweet tea . Her friends sipped it , and told her it was amazingly delicious !	Sweet tea is PERSON 's favorite drink . For some reason , he can not make it right . His mom gave him her recipe . He tried to follow it . However , his did not taste good at all .	PERSON loved sweet tea . However , he could never make it right . One day he tried to follow his mom 's recipe . He let the tea steep and added the sugar . It finally turned out perfectly .	I went to LOCATION . Someone asked for sweet tea at a restaurant . The waitress asked if it was served cold . I had some too . It was just as good as I was used to .
hit and run	PERSON was on her way home after a long day at work . As PERSON was about to turn right into her complex , she was hit . PERSON parked the car , and got out of her vehicle . However , the other driver kept driving . PERSON was horrified that someone would hit her car and not stop .	I was driving my car when a brown car slid on the snow and hit me . The brown car sped away while I jotted the license plate number down . I went to the police station and the number I wrote was invalid . I had written it so fast that it could not be properly deciphered . The person driving the brown car could n't be found .	PERSON was driving at night towards his house . A huge pick up truck hit the side of his car . The driver and I stopped our vehicles and got out of it . I told him to wait for a few minutes since I was calling the cops . He said he needed to get something from his car and took off .	Sue was a red light . The red light was extremely long . When it finally turned green , the person behind her honked . Sue shifted into gear but the person already rammed into her . Then he sped past and was nowhere to be found .	I stopped my car at a parking lot in a park . I heard a loud crash as I walked away . Everyone in the area looked at my car . The car that had hit mine sped off . I called the police and reported the accident .
joy	I feel joy when I do whatever I am passionate about . I found one of my passions , poker , when I was much younger . I was playing with friends while bored at college . I was instantly hooked on its puzzle solving components . I got very far in my first poker game with those friends .	PERSON was a deep thinker . He thought about what is most important in life . He determined that joy was most important . He decided to build his life around joy . He lived a joyous life and was very happy .	Joy could not decide on a Christmas gift for her boyfriend . She had very little money . Then she thought of a low-cost gift he would enjoy . She baked him a tray of homemade Christmas cookies . Her boyfriend loved the gift !	We got on the plane feeling happy . We sat in our seats beside each other . We were both very nervous about flying . We were scared during the turbulence . Neither of us admitted to our fears until we landed safely .	The man felt joy . He searched for the source of the joy . The joy went away . The man waited for the joy to return . He just enjoyed it the next time .
english paper	Sue has an English paper that 's due . She has not even started it . She decided to pull an allnighter . Luckily Sue finished it in time . However , she was tired all day at school .	PERSON has an English paper due tomorrow . She has not even started it . She decided to go out tonight instead . When she got home she was too tired to stay up . PERSON had to take a late grade .	PERSON had an English paper due . He knew it was due but could n't remember what day . When he got to class , his teacher asked for the papers . PERSON did not have his . Luckily , she gave him an extension .	PERSON had to write an English Paper . She forgot about the topic . She decided to write the paper anyway without asking . When it was time to turn the paper in , PERSON 's paper was wrong . She turned it in anyway and accepted a point deduction .	PERSON has to write an English paper . He forgot what the topic was . He decided to not write the paper at all . When he got to class , his teacher took up the papers . PERSON was honest and she was nice enough to give an extension .
my friend PERSON	I had a friend named PERSON . He liked to eat ice cream . He would eat it so fast that he would get a headache . PERSON did n't like headaches . PERSON started eating slower .	PERSON was born with a speech impediment , he could n't speak properly . When he got older , he went through speech therapy . The therapy did n't help , but we started playing baseball together . Soon enough , he was calling out base runs with no lisp ! Being involved in the game distracted his brain and helped him .	I met this little boy in the third grade . His name was billy . PERSON and i fought the first day of school . Two weeks later we became first friends . From the third grade to adult we are still best friends .	My friend 's name is PERSON . She is very pretty . She liked to hang out with a lot of people . She started hanging out with my boyfriend . Same and I are no longer friends .	PERSON had been stuck at home for ten years because of leg problems . One day he found a chat program on the internet . He met a woman named PERSON . They became friends and she flew to LOCATION to meet him . They are now married .
the big race	PERSON had never raced cars professionally before . He was excited for his first race . He did n't come close to winning . PERSON was just glad he got all the way through it . He knew it was a good first step and continued .	They say driving cars is n't a real sport . Or that going in a circle is n't that challenging . But on this day the race is everything to a lot of people 's lives . It means entertainment , money , fame and opportunity . And I 'm ready to take it all .	PERSON entered a marathon in his city . He had been training for years . The day of the race he was really sick . PERSON tried to run anyway . He did n't get anywhere near first place .	PERSON had been building up his car for years . He finally got the chance to race it at the track . He went up against a friend with a similar ride . The race was close and PERSON barely lost . He was excited to do even better next time .	PERSON 's school has a race at the end of the year for every grade . PERSON wanted to be the fastest kid in his grade . PERSON ran around the yard at recess , all year long to get faster . Finally it was time for the big race . After a very close competition , PERSON came out victorious !
the find	PERSON was redoing his kitchen . He had torn down a wall to make the room bigger . Inside the wall he found some coins . They looked really old . He is taking them to get looked at .	PERSON was hiking in the woods . She tripped and landed on her stomach . As she started to get up , she noticed a rock that looked strange . She was shocked to find that this rock was a fossil . PERSON took the rock home and displayed it on her mantle .	PERSON went to a thrift store to buy vinyl albums . She walked to the back to find the music section . She sat on the floor as she sorted through the boxes . PERSON saw some she wanted and put them aside . PERSON took her selection to the register and paid .	PERSON was working in her garden . She was digging slightly to till the ground . PERSON felt her hoe scrape something hard . She dug around the item to pull it out the ground . PERSON was disappointed to see all she found was an old tin cup .	I was at Goodwill last week . In the video game section there was a Super Nintendo . It was only five dollars with four games . I bought it right away . When I got home I played for hours non stop .
lake trip	PERSON went to the lake with her sister . They took a boat out to the middle . PERSON was too excited and lost her paddle . Her sister paddling alone only made them go in circles . PERSON had to help paddle with her hands .	The PERSON 's went to their lake house for a trip . They planned to stay there three days . By the second day everyone was having too much fun . The PERSON 's decided to stay an extra day . Their kids were excitedly happy .	I went on a trip to the Lake the other day . I went with a lot of my friends . We spent the whole week partying and fishing . It was a great time . I ca n't wait to do it again next year .	PERSON was headed to the lake for the weekend . On the way she got a flat tire . She stopped and changed the flat tire . Once the tire was changed she continued on her way . When PERSON arrived at the lake she went swimming .	PERSON had a day off . It was warm and nice out . He invited a bunch of people to the lake . Everyone turned him down . PERSON went by himself and had fun .
the bet	PERSON 's favorite football team had a big game coming up . After a few drinks he decided he was going to bet money on the game . PERSON bet a lot of money because he was sure they were going to win . Instead , PERSON 's team lost the game . He was upset he was out of a lot of money .	I bet my friend that I could get a girl to go on a date with me . He agreed to the bet . Alas , after two days no girl had accepted my offer . I decided to hire a girl to go on a pretend date with me . My friend paid the bet and I split the winnings with the girl !	Eddie attended a boxing match with his friend . Eddie 's friend wanted to make a wager on one of the matches . Eddie hated to gamble . He did n't take his friend up on his bet . Eddie 's friend tried to get him to bet the rest of the night .	PERSON always she could to do anything a man could do . PERSON bet that she could n't change the oil in her car car . PERSON bought everything she needed to change the oil . PERSON could n't break the bolt on the oil pan . Because he won , PERSON changed the oil for her .	My friend and I bet my Subaru could n't follow his Jeep off road . For 45 minutes i followed him with no effort . I bet him $ 100 I could go somewhere his Jeep ca n't . I proceeded to drive between 2 trees that were to narrow for his Jeep . He was unhappy as he handed over the $ 100 .
disney	The PERSON family wanted to take a family vacation . The family wanted to go to Disney world but knew it would be tough . The entire family decided to work together to save money . They all worked side jobs and saved money as much as possible . Within a year they were able to come up with enough money .	I had never been to Disney before in my life . We made plans to go with my brother 's family . The weather was great , and everyone was so friendly . We were so excited to finally see the LOCATION LOCATION . We got buttons and souvenirs to remember this wonderful vacation !	PERSON was desperate to get to Disney world , but he was worried . His parents had said they might not be able to afford the trip yet . They might have to wait another year , when PERSON would be nine . But then on his birthday , they handed him a surprise package . In it were three tickets - to Disney World !	I finally got a chance to take the kids to Disney . We went for three days . There is just so much to see there . We could not get to it all . I think we will have to go back next year .	The Land 's family planned a trip to Disney . The Land 's rented a tour bus for the trip . The five hour long drive was exciting on the way to LOCATION . Once arriving the whole family was entertained sufficiently . There was something for everybody to do at Disney .
thanksgiving	PERSON was traveling to LOCATION LOCATION state to visit his family . It was the day before Thanksgiving . On the highway about halfway there , his tire blew on his car . A passerby stopped to give him a ride to the nearest gas station . He got to his family in time and he was most thankful for the passerby .	It was Kia 's first Thanksgiving away from home . She was a freshman in college and her family was on the other coast . But then her whole dorm decided to make dinner together . Kia helped with the preparations happily . She was happy to Thanksgiving with her new friends .	PERSON had not seen his family in years . PERSON had been living in another country . He longed to see his family . He bought a plane ticket . He visited his family on Thanksgiving .	PERSON was hosting her family 's Thanksgiving for the first time . She was a little nervous , but thought she could pull it off . Unfortunately she left the turkey in the oven too long . It was badly burnt , and the main course ruined . PERSON decided to let someone else host next year .	Chanel went to dinner at her boyfriend LOCATION 's for Thanksgiving . When she got there , his parents were really cold . Chanel sat through dinner uncomfortably . During after-dinner pictionary , Chanel began yelling at the parents . She got thrown out in the cold .
prayer	PERSON was sing along to an Iron Maiden song . Suddenly he noticed it sounded a lot like a prayer ! PERSON looked up the lyrics to the song online . Turned out it was an ancient prayer being sung . PERSON stopped listening to that song from now on .	PERSON attended Sunday church service with his family . The pastor droned on with the service . PERSON rolled his eyes . When the pastor asked the congregation to pray , PERSON snickered . His mother elbowed him in the side .	The man said a prayer out loud . Praying in the school was prohibited . He was asked to stop praying . He refused to stop . He was asked to leave the school until he could follow the rules .	PERSON had a test coming up . He studied hard . He still felt unprepared . He said a prayer . He aced the test !	My mom taught me how to pray when I was a little child . I said the same prayer every night with her as a child . When my son was born I taught him the same prayer . Now my son says the prayer with me . We have a special bond with our family praying because of my mom .
the trip	PERSON and PERSON were out in the garden playing catch . PERSON saw that PERSON 's mom was struggling with some large boxes . PERSON told PERSON they should go help her . PERSON told him it was just his mom , and she was fine . PERSON ran over and caught the corner of the box before it fell .	PERSON was a banker on Wall Street . He made very good money and worked hard for it . A couple times a year , he took a vacation . His favorite vacations were the ones he spent sailing with his son . They loved spending time together more than anything else .	PERSON took a trip to LOCATION LOCATION with his family . Frank got to see all of the attractions during the week . However , the highlight of his trip was when he saw the president . Frank saw him pass by in his limo . Out of all the things he did , this was a memory he would never forget .	PERSON wanted to go on a trip . Her husband did not think they could afford it . She looked online to find a good deal . She found a trip they could buy . PERSON and her husband went on their trip .	PERSON did n't know what she should do after college . Feeling lost , she joined a charity organization . She got to travel to LOCATION to educate young children . PERSON realized teaching was her calling . Upon returning , she decided to become an elementary school teacher .
new tattoo	PERSON got a new tattoo without telling her parents . She was afraid they would freak out . For a while she hid it well . Yet one day her parents found out . They grounded her for a month .	PERSON wanted to get a new tattoo . He did n't know want to get , though . He looked through some tattoo magazines . He found one that was perfect for him . He got the tattoo the next week .	PERSON decided to get a new tattoo . She really wanted a star on her wrist . She drove over to the parlor to get it done . When she walked in she sat down and got it done . It hurt but the pain was worth it .	PERSON wanted a tattoo . She wanted one very badly . She begged her parents . They said no . So she went and got one herself .	PERSON really wanted a tattoo . Finally she was old enough to get one . She decided to get one of a star . As soon as she sat down , she flinched . PERSON started wondering whether she made the right decision .
baby shower	My daughter went to a baby shower two weeks ago . She lives in LOCATION LOCATION , while the shower was in LOCATION . She took a flight on Saturday . She attended the shower on Sunday and took a red eye home that night . She was very tired but pleased to see her friends in LOCATION .	PERSON was having a baby . She was excited that it was her first . Her friends decided to throw her a surprise shower . When PERSON walked in the door , her face was completely shocked . She was so happy about the shower .	PERSON was so excited for her baby shower . She had been through so many months of being pregnant . She just wanted a day to relax and see all her friends . She had such a wonderful day and was showered with all these gifts . She thanked everyone and went home to relax and wait for the baby .	PERSON was having a baby shower . Yet she did not tell her friends what she was having . She kept it a surprise . Therefore when they found out she was having a boy they freaked . Everyone was very excited .	PERSON invited friends over for her baby shower . Her friends brought presents and desserts . PERSON opened her presents , and they ate and talked . They played some typical baby shower games . Her friends went home , and she went to bed .
the babysitter	PERSON showed up to babysit the kids . She brought books and crafts . She thought they would all have a fun time . The kids threw things and tied her to a chair . She never babysat those kids again !	PERSON was a willful child without a strong adult figure . As a result of her willfulness , very few people wanted to watch her . One day , a college girl named PERSON watched after PERSON . She realized that what PERSON needed was somebody to care about her . PERSON decided to babysit PERSON and provide her with stability .	PERSON hired PERSON to babysit her kids . PERSON showed up with toys and games . They read lots of books and sang songs . The kids went to bed on time and the house was spotless . PERSON recommended PERSON to all her friends !	PERSON 's mother and father wanted to go on a date . They hired a babysitter . The babysitter played games with PERSON . They had a lot of fun . When PERSON 's parents came home , she was fast asleep .	PERSON began babysitting her mother 's employer 's son . She found a disturbing photograph in the house . She was bewildered by the photo . PERSON questioned her mother 's boss about the picture . She was reassured her that it belonged to her eldest son .
the slide	The playground was boring . The park decided to add a fun slide . It was huge ! The kids in the neighborhood all went down it dozens of times . It was a great addition to the park !	PERSON was always scared to go down the slide . He never would try it . One day he got the urge to give it a shot . He climbed up to the top of the slide . He pushed himself down , it was fun !	PERSON had been down the slide at the park lots of times . When he got there on Thursday with his grandfather , it was n't there ! It had been replaced with a new slide that was much taller . He was a bit scared but his grandfather urged him to try it . He was glad he did because it was so much fun .	PERSON loved playing at the park . The slide was his favorite . He would go down it over and over again . After spending all day sliding , PERSON was tired . He went down one more time , then went home to nap .	PERSON loved the park . There was only one problem . He was afraid of the big slide . His friends loved the big slide . He finally tried it and had a blast .
new girl	PERSON 's mom told her to invite all the girls in class to her party . But PERSON did n't want the weird new girl to come . She threw the girl 's invitation in the trash . A day before her party , PERSON noticed the new girl was absent . The teacher said the girl would n't be coming back to class .	May moved with her parents to a new city . May was nervous about making new friends in her neighborhood . One day a girl came over and asked May to play with her . May agreed and they spent the day together . Now May and the girl are best friends and May loves her new home .	PERSON and PERSON were best friends at the restaurant . When a new waitress PERSON came in , they hated it . They did not want PERSON to feel welcome . They ostracized her until she no longer felt wanted . Eventually PERSON quit .	PERSON was the new girl at school . She wanted to fit in with everyone . She even dressed like the popular kids . Soon though she found it all boring and stopped following them . PERSON developed her own style even making new friends .	PERSON got dumped by her boyfriend . She began looking at ads for roommates . She came across what she thought were three girls looking for a roomie . When she met up with them , she found out it was three guys . PERSON ended up getting the three best roommates .
honeymoon	PERSON and PERSON did not want to go on a traditional honeymoon . They wanted to go somewhere exotic . They did not go to the LOCATION . Instead , they went to LOCATION ! PERSON and PERSON saw strange new cultures , and loved it !	My wife and I were suppose to go on our honeymoon . When we got to the airport our flight had been cancelled . We were extremely upset . The airline offered us a better and longer trip for free . That made things better for me and my wife .	We have been married for six Years now . Our anniversary is coming up in a few weeks . We might celebrate depending on what day it falls on . Either that or we might just have a family night . It 's fine since our honeymoon has n't really ended yet .	PERSON and Bee flew to LOCATION for their honeymoon . They spent their days lazing on the shore . They got great tans ! At night they went out to fancy dinners . PERSON and Bee had a great time on their honeymoon .	My husband and I went on a cruise for our honeymoon . We traveled to four different islands , they were so beautiful ! When we went to LOCATION , I was amazed at how poor the people were . There were children selling homemade necklaces on the beach . I bought at least 10 necklaces , hoping to help them eat some food .
watch	PERSON played basketball with his friends after school . PERSON noticed that his watch was hindering his basketball skills . He took his watch off and set it down . When the game was over PERSON went looking for his watch . PERSON never found his watch and was very upset .	I had a watch that kept excellent time . One day , I accidentally dropped my watch and stepped on it . I had completely shattered the casing . I bought the watch to a repair shop to see if it could be fixed . The shop owner said it was n't worth fixing so I threw it away .	Adam found an old watch at a yard sale . It was valuable , but broken . Adam thought he could fix it . At home , he tinkered with it until it worked again ! Now he could sell it for a much higher price .	PERSON was a very wealthy man . He lived in a nice loft downtown . He had to have some construction work done in his loft . He left his Rolex watch on his nightstand . After the construction workers left he noticed his Rolex was missing .	PERSON sat wondering what time it was . He looked at his wrist , only to realize he was n't wearing his watch . He looked around , searching for someone who could tell him the time . Unable to find anyone wearing a watch , he sighed in defeat . He looked up at the wall and discovered a clock right in front of him .
bad weather	PERSON was on a cruise with his family . He was watching the sunset with his wife . All of a sudden it started to rain . The captain ordered them to head inside . It rained throughout the entire night .	PERSON learned that a blizzard was coming while watching the news . She was unprepared . To get ahead of things she promptly left to get supplies . She was able to make it back before the weather got too bad . PERSON was able to wait out the storm comfortably in her home .	PERSON knew the weather looked bad but she decided to take a chance . She started off on her run and was getting further and further away . When was about three miles from her house , it started to pour . PERSON tried to run back as fast as should could , but it was pointless . She decided she would pay more attention to the weather next time .	PERSON knew bad weather was coming . She ignored the warnings and went out anyway . As she was on the road , her car got pelted by hail . Her windshield was busted . She could no longer drive with her ruined windshield .	It started to snow outside . Then there was extreme hail . PERSON got mad . She needed there to be good weather . She was supposed to go out .
crab	PERSON loved all types of sea animals . He especially adored crabs . One day , he spotted a crab on the beach . PERSON played with it for hours . Eventually , PERSON decided to adopt the crab .	The boy saw a crab . He chased after it . The crab scurried away . The boy almost got it . The crab swam into the ocean .	The man ordered shelled crab . It looked perfect . He took a big bite . There was a piece of broken shell in it . It cut his gums wide open .	PERSON got a hermit crab for her tenth birthday . At first she thought it was boring . Then she began to truly observe it . She saw how interesting it was . PERSON PERSON 's crab was her favorite possession !	PERSON loved crabs . He loved them ever since he was a kid . One day , he went to the beach . He was able to see a crab in real life . Finally , PERSON was able to be satisfied .
PERSON breaks down	PERSON was driving down the road . He noticed a sound from his car . He went out to look what it was . His engine was smoking badly . He called for help and waited for them to arrive .	PERSON is driving down the road . Her car starts to make a strange noise . She pulls over and checks the hood . It 's smoking everywhere . She calls triple A for help with her car .	PERSON is headed home from basketball practice . He hears a noise coming from outside of his car . He decides to pull over and see what 's going on . PERSON see 's a metal spike in his tire . He calls his dad for help and waits .	PERSON is going to a football match . He hears a loud noise coming from the front of his car . He pulls over to see what 's wrong . He lifts the hood and smoke flies everywhere . PERSON knows his engine is blown and calls for help right away .	PERSON is driving his friends to a concert in a big city . He checks the car 's tires gas and oil before leaving . While driving to the concert he hears a ticking noise . The car then begins to blow out smoke from the front . PERSON 's has to pull the car over and get help .
pulled over	I got pulled over on my way home from work . I was surprised , as I could n't imagine why I was being pulled over . Turns out , my tail light was burnt out . The officer was very kind . He simply told me to make sure I got it fixed soon .	PERSON and the girls went driving at night by the beach . The girls unfortunately got pulled over . PERSON opened her window to see a cop . The cop was good looking and pulled them over to hit on them . Fortunately he asked her out	PERSON was driving only five miles above the limit . All the sudden she got pulled over . When she saw the cop she was awestruck . He was very beautiful . Thankfully he let her go with a warning .	I was in such a hurry to my appointment . Driving on the highway I was going 20 over the speed limit . I saw a cop and tried to slow down . It was too late , he turned his lights on and pulled me over . I got a $ 50 ticket and was late to my appointment .	PERSON frowned when the police lights appeared behind him . He fumed as he pulled over , knowing he had done nothing wrong . As the officer approached , PERSON simmered , preparing for an argument . The policeman merely told him his license plate was about to fall off . Chagrined , PERSON accepted the cop 's offer of a screwdriver to secure it .
runner	PERSON wanted to participate in upcoming runner marathon . She started off running daily at the local park for practice . When she felt like running , further she ran city blocks . Once she felt very experienced she signed up for the race . PERSON came in fifth place after completing the race .	PERSON got into shape to get ready for the marathon . He worked hard and jogged a couple miles every day . After a few months , he was at his fittest . PERSON ran in the marathon . He did n't win , but he was happy he finished .	PERSON takes up running in order to lose some weight . She hires a coach to help her begin the process . Her coach encourages her to participate in a race . She finishes the race and beats her personal record . PERSON is so proud and motivated that she continues to lose weight .	I 've always wanted to be able to run five miles at one time . Currently I can only run about three . I worked hard for months , slowly increase the distance I would run . I ate healthy and got plenty of rest too . A few months later I was running well over five miles at once !	PERSON was a distance walker . One day she tripped and badly injured her foot . She feared she 'd never walk properly again . But she diligently did her physical therapy exercises each day . In six months she was not just walking again , but jogging !
free samples	My friend went to the food court to search for food . He saw a Chinese restaurant owner handing out food through samples . He took one and walked off . However , we swapped shirts and he returned to the man . The owner did n't recognize him and gave him more food .	PERSON was at the mall . And he was feeling hungry . But he did n't feel like spending any money . So he walked into a chocolate store and got various free samples . But the sales associates were angry when he decided to buy nothing .	PERSON was hungry . But he was really cheap . So he entered Costco and spend hours getting free samples . And he left the store without buying a single thing . He had so much fun , he decided to do it several times a week .	PERSON was walking around the mall . But she became hungry . She had no money but saw several restaurants giving out free samples . PERSON got as many free samples as she could . She was satisfied with her free lunch .	PERSON was hungry but he had no money . He went to the food court . Many chefs were giving out free food samples . He circled about the food court and took a lot of samples . After eating all of the samples , he was full .
the club	The kids wanted to be part of something . They joined the garden club at school . Every day , they worked in the garden . They tilled and planted and weeded . Then they picked the produce they grew !	PERSON put on her best dress , a red and blue modest shift . Sensible heels , a blue pair , of course , were put on next . She pondered going bare handed before deciding to slip gloves on . Finally , she left her home and drove to the small church . The Ladies Club meeting was just starting as PERSON walked in .	I got a taxi cab late at night to the city . I was dressed really sharply . When I walked in the club people stared . I danced all night and made lots of friends . I went home with several phone numbers .	PERSON was going out with her friends . They went to a dance club downtown . They loved music and meeting new people . They partied long into the night . They stumbled home as the sun came up .	PERSON was new at school and had no friends . He had a hard time trying to meet people in class . PERSON decided to join a club to meet people . PERSON joined the chess club . He soon made a group of nice friends .
the swing	PERSON was at the park . She saw some swings . She figured it would be fun . Unfortunately she got stuck . She had to have emergency crews take her out .	PERSON and his friends loved to go down to the river . When it was summer time they were always there . They really loved the old rope swing there . They would take turns swinging out into the river . The rope swing sure was a lot of fun .	My Dad made me a giant rope swing . He hung it from a high branch on a tree . My friends and I were afraid of it at first . It took us a while to get used to it . Now we have fun pushing each other as high as we can !	PERSON had a rope swing in his front yard . He tried one day seeing how high up he could climb . PERSON climbed all the way to the top ! He could see all the way down the street from the top of the rope . He slowly made his way down knowing how high up he was .	PERSON wanted to learn how to play golf . She had a horrible swing . She decided to hire a golf pro to help her . She finally improved her swing . Her golf skills improved drastically .
the contest	There was a contest at the carnival . You could pay a dollar to guess how many jelly beans were in a jar . PERSON guessed the exact number . He was very proud of himself . He was even happier when he was handed $ 400 in prize money !	PERSON was training to be a great cook . There was a competition downtown that he was entered into . He perfected the dishes he was going to prepare . When it was time to compete , PERSON got frazzled and burned all his food . He placed last in the competition and was very embarrassed .	PERSON won a new bike . She 'd entered a coloring contest at her school . She was very proud of her accomplishment . She went home and sharpened her crayons . She wanted to be ready for the next contest !	PERSON really enjoys eating pie . One day , he saw a flyer for a pie eating contest and decided to enter . PERSON tried his best to win , but ended the contest in fourth place . He did n't mind much about losing . PERSON was happy enough just to have eaten a lot of free pie .	PERSON had won a thousand dollars . SHe 'd entered a costume contest at her school . Her Halloween costume had blown everyone else 's away . PERSON took pictures of herself wearing it . SHe could n't wait to show all her friends !
new puppy	PERSON 's parents got a new puppy . At first PERSON did n't like it . It barked a lot and peed everywhere . But soon it got better and quieter . Very soon , PERSON loved her family 's new puppy !	PERSON love the new puppy his mother bought him . PERSON thought at 10 he was responsible enough . After 3 weeks PERSON arrived home to see the back gate open . She called to the puppy but he was nowhere around . PERSON cried when she told him the puppy ran away .	PERSON wanted to get a new puppy . She visited the local humane society . She found the cutest little white puppy ! She named her new puppy Gizmo . PERSON and PERSON went home together .	PERSON went to the local pet store , to look for a new puppy . He asked the clerk to see the Yorkshire Terrier . PERSON played with the LOCATION LOCATION for about an hour . He purchased the dog , and got a few accessories for his new pet . He took the dog home , and welcomed it to its new home .	PERSON 's parents promised her a new puppy for her birthday . Her parents took her to the pet store to take a look . PERSON 's eyes laid on this beautiful brown dog that was very small . The dog was waiting to be adopted and PERSON picked it up . PERSON was so excited to have her new puppy .
dance team	PERSON loved to dance . Any free time she had was spent making up dance routines . PERSON wanted to dance at school but they had no dance team . PERSON decided to start a dance team for her school . She got to spend hours dancing and teaching others to dance .	Cat had made the dance team every year since the 7th grade . It was her junior year and she was nervous . New people were trying out . Cat practiced and practiced . Cat tried out and did not make the team .	PERSON wanted to try out for the dance team . She started practicing every week . She was getting excited as tryouts got closer . On the day of tryouts , she was ready . When the list of who made it was posted , PERSON 's name was on it .	Sallys dance team is set to compete over the weekend . They are a really good team and usually win . One day they had to compete with a new team . The team did well and PERSON 's team was worried . In the end PERSON 's team won but it was a close call .	PERSON wanted to try out for the dance team . She was both nervous and excited . She had taken dance for years but had never been on the team . She finally decided to try out . She made it and was glad she did .
bathroom	The man went into the restroom . The stalls were full . He waited for a vacant stall . It was taking too long . The man went across the street to find another bathroom .	The PERSON 's bathroom was in terrible shape . They put off fixing it for a long time . They could not even use it . They finally finished it . His wife is so happy to have two bathrooms again !	PERSON spent a lot of money decorating her bathroom . One day , she decided she would redecorate it . She spent a lot of money and time . After many months , it was finally done . PERSON had the best bathroom in the district .	The bathroom was starting to smell strange . The tub was backed up with an odd colored liquid . I used a plunger on the drain . A giant ball of hair extracted itself . I threw it away , feeling sickened .	When PERSON was in kindergarten he learned an important lesson . They were going as a class to a play . The teacher told them they had to use bathroom now or not at all later So PERSON did n't go at that time but had to go during the play . So he thought the teacher would n't let him leave so he popped in pants
a new puppy	For as long as she can remember , PERSON has alway loved dogs . When she was seven , her parents decided she was ready . They took PERSON to the local animal shelter to pick out a dog . She walked up and down the aisles until she found the perfect pup . PERSON could n't have been happier as she adopted her new furry friend .	PERSON wanted a new beagle puppy . She went to the pet store to look for one . She decided to not get a puppy from a pet store and go with a breeder . PERSON found a beagle puppy from a breeder she liked . PERSON bought the puppy and brought it home .	On Saturday , PERSON went to the rescue center to adopt a pet . The first animal she saw was a little black and white puppy . She picked up the tiny dog and it licked her face . PERSON knew instantly that she loved this little puppy . She filled out the paperwork and took the puppy home .	PERSON had wanted an iguana for a really long time . He read all the reptile magazines so he could learn about them . He thought iguanas were very exciting . But on his way home from school he came across a starving abandoned do . PERSON took the dog home and soon forgot he ever wanted an iguana .	PERSON wanted a new puppy . He went to the adoption center to find one . All of the puppies at the adoption center were very cute . PERSON finally picked a black and white puppy . PERSON took the puppy home .
girlfriend	The boy called his girlfriend . His girlfriend would not answer . He went to her house . She had a different boy over . The boy spied on his girlfriend and the boy .	I asked a girl out a few months ago . She said yes and I was extremely happy ! We had a lot of fun times and ultimately decided on dating . Things were kinda rough for awhile but it sorted out . She ended up becoming my girlfriend and I 'm extremely happy for it !	Brent wanted a girlfriend . So he asked out a lot of girls . One finally said yes . After a few months , Brent was sad . His girlfriend snored .	My girlfriend likes reading on the weekends . This weekend she found a new book to read . She found it in a dumpster behind our house . The book was old but seemingly brand new . The book was left there by me .	To PERSON girls were always a mystery . He always tried to make them like him but never could . He bought them flowers and chocolates . Eventually he found a girl who appreciated how sweet he was . The two of them became girlfriend and boyfriend as a result .
forest	PERSON jumped as an owl hooted off in the distance . She laughed at her fear , and kept walking towards the forest edge . She knew she would n't be able to see when the sun went down . She 'd become lost in the dark , impenetrable woods . PERSON made it to the safety of the field just as the sun sank .	The man walked into the forest . He was surprised to find a bear . He backed away without being noticed . The man walked out of the forest . The man hurried home with the story .	I walked through the forest at midnight last night . While on my walk , I came across a little fox . He was small , but I was still frightened . Being more afraid of me , the fox ran away . I quickly walked home , determined to take a friend with me next time .	PERSON went on a hiking trip . He ventured deep into the forest . He was having a great time exploring the woods ! But soon it began to grow dark . PERSON decided to head back before he became lost .	PERSON lived in a house near the edge of a forest . She loved waking up to the sound of the wind in the trees . One day , PERSON heard more than wind . She went outside to investigate the new sound . PERSON realized that the strange noise was coming from a cricket .
the football game	PERSON was excited to play in the football game . He got to the field early for extra practice . He fell during practice and hurt his knee . PERSON was so disappointed that he could n't play . He did cheer his team on from the sidelines .	Lon loved sports . Going to football games was his favorite thing to do . He went to a football game between two local colleges . The rivalry was extremely intense . Lon knew it would be a great game .	The two teams were ready to play . It was a highly anticipated football game . The home team threw for five hundred yards . They won by a landslide . All the fans cheered and celebrated !	Frank had waited for football season all year . On the night of the first game of the season , he watched all the games . He loved catching up with what the teams were doing . Frank was excited for a great season . He would sit and watch the games each Sunday .	The school football game was last weekend . The team has been very good this year . They have won a lot of games . A lot of people showed up to watch . They won by a ton of points .
new business	PERSON wanted to open a new catering hall . He looked at three different buildings . There was an old antique store for sale . He put an offer in on the building . The seller accepted his offer .	PERSON was an entrepreneur . He started a new business with a few friends . It turned out to be very successful . PERSON sold his part within a few years . It made him very rich .	I opened up a bakery . On the first day I had no customers . I decided to spend ten thousand dollars on advertising . I spent so much money that I went bankrupt . I decided I was not cut out for owning my own business .	PERSON was about to open up her very own business . She had everything in place except that she needed a permit . She was supposed to open that Monday and the county was closing soon . Luckily , PERSON made it just in time and the permit was granted . That Monday , her shop opened up and was a huge success .	PERSON broke his phone . He did n't have money to get it fixed . He put flyers in all the mailboxes on his street . He would mow any size lawn for $ 25 . He made enough to get his phone fixed in just one weekend .
tacos	PERSON smelled something coming from the kitchen . PERSON investigated the smell . PERSON found his mother cooking tacos . PERSON was hungry and very happy that tacos were being cooked . PERSON ate all the tacos his mother cooked for him .	PERSON was turning 16 years old and wanted a party . He talked to his parents about his party . They decided they would rent out a Mexican restaurant . PERSON ate a lot of tacos . He ate so much that he got sick .	PERSON was making Mexican food for dinner . She grilled up chicken for tacos . Then she served her family her ethnic meal . They could n't believe how good it was . They all begged PERSON to cook Mexican every night !	PERSON was hungry for some tacos . She tried to cook some , but they burned . She asked her mother to buy her some . Her mother was too busy . PERSON went and found a taco stand and was happy .	What was cooking tacos . As she was cooking the meat , she put the shells in the oven . While the meat was cooking , she also shredded cheese . Since she was so busy , she forgot about the shells . PERSON burned the taco shells .
lifeguard	PERSON was afraid of water . PERSON and her friend were playing near a pond . PERSON 's friend fell into the water . PERSON pulled her friend out of the water . PERSON became a lifeguard the following year .	My friend was walking around a pool . She ended up falling on the deep end . Her dad stood up from the chair and dived into the water . He was able to pick up my friend . She was safe when she stood up .	PERSON wanted to earn some cash over the summer . But she also wanted to swim and suntan ! She did n't want to lose her whole summer of being outdoors . Then she decided to get a job as a lifeguard . PERSON got to earn cash AND swim and tan in the sun every day !	When I was younger , I often went to a very secluded beach to swim . It never bothered me that there were no lifeguards there . I once went too far out into the water and got pulled under . I waved my arms and splashed , but could n't find anyone to help me . I eventually made it back to shore , vowing to pick a new beach .	PERSON was on summer vacation from school . She had her lifeguard and pool safety certifications . She applied at the local theme park . The park was impressed with her credentials and immediately hired her . She spent her first paycheck on sunblock and a new bathing suit .
mistake	PERSON was a flute player . She took lessons twice a week . However , she was n't perfect . Halfway through the piece her class was playing , she messed up . PERSON cried and quit the band .	Mark is an athlete that competes in Track and Field . He has a practice session where he practices his jumps . He was running late and decided to practice without warming up . When he jumped the first hurdle , he got a cramp . He decided to never train without warming up .	We ordered subs the other day . My son drove down to pick them up . We ordered no ketchup on one sub . All of the subs had ketchup . My son yelled at the shop , and they delivered the right sub .	PERSON was in class watching video 's on YouTube . The teacher called on her to answer a question . PERSON was confused since she had n't been paying attention . PERSON gave the first answer that came to mind . The whole class laughed at PERSON since it was the wrong answer .	PERSON met PERSON at the library to study for the big test . They chatted instead of studying . On the day of the test they were both unprepared . Harry and PERSON failed their test . They vowed to never make that same mistake again .
PERSON breaks his phone	PERSON was riding his bike . He was trying to quickly make it to his class on time . He heard something shatter and break behind him . His phone had dropped and fallen from his pocket . PERSON ordered a brand new replacement phone online afterwards .	PERSON was playing Pokemon Go on his phone . He was searching for Pokemon at his local Pokestop . PERSON dropped his phone while trying to capture a Pokemon . The screen on his phone shattered . His mom bought him a new phone afterwards .	PERSON had recently gotten a new phone . He ordered a phone case in order to protect his phone . PERSON used his phone regularly while waiting for his case to arrive . PERSON dropped his phone while eating dinner with his family . The screen on his phone shattered before his case arrived .	PERSON was texting on his phone while walking on the sidewalk . PERSON tripped over a tiny rock on the concrete . He fell and lost control of the phone in his hand . His phone flew up into the air . PERSON 's phone landed on the ground and broke .	PERSON was recording his daughter on the swings . PERSON tripped on a rock in the playground . His phone fell and shattered on the ground . PERSON picked up the pieces afterwards . PERSON was able to get a new phone through his insurance .
PERSON 's interview	PERSON was leaving home for her job interview . While she was on her way , PERSON helped a stranger . When PERSON arrived at her interview , she was surprised . The stranger she helped and the interviewer were the same person ! Since PERSON had already made a good impression , she got the job .	PERSON was responsible for interviewing PERSON for a job . PERSON 's credentials looked very impressive to PERSON . During the interview PERSON was rude and condescending . PERSON recommended that PERSON not be hired . PERSON was surprised and insulted when he did not get the job .	PERSON had a big interview yesterday . He was very prepared and was fully confident he would do well . He arrived around 30 minutes too early and got some coffee . As he was drinking the coffee he spilled it all over his shirt ! PERSON quickly drove to the nearest store and bought a new shirt in time .	PERSON woke up ready for his interview . He put on his best tie and drove to the office . His interviewer seemed charmed by PERSON 's answers . Before he left the office , PERSON shook the interviewer 's hand . He fully expects to hear back from them by next week .	John really needed a job . PERSON was getting really behind on his bills . PERSON interviewed for a job as a teacher at his local news . PERSON waited anxiously for days to hear back . PERSON got the job as a teacher !
the snowstorm	It got very cold in LOCATION . It began to snow . The snow accumulated to eight inches . People could not leave . The city shut down and people were told to limit travel .	One day , a huge snow storm came through LOCATION . The crazy amount of snow led to my friends and I having no school . We sled all day and night . Once we got cold , we went inside and drank hot chocolate ! After a fun day of activities , we all went to bed .	PERSON heard there would be a snowstorm in her town . She went to the store and bought supplies . Later , PERSON brought firewood into her house . Suddenly , at night , the storm hit her town . She woke up to see that she was snowed in her home .	PERSON 's city was hit by a big snow storm He was new to the area and not used to the climate . The storm was bigger than anything he had seen before . He had not prepared with appropriate supplies . PERSON learned to do better for the next storm .	The snow was piling up outside . The weatherman said it would continue all night . The kids were hoping they would get a snowday . The next morning , there were huge drifts in the street . School was cancelled for the day !
apple picking	PERSON went apple picking with his mother . He spent the entire afternoon picking apples . He had a huge basket of apples at the end of the day . PERSON and his mother made an apple pie later that night . The pie turned out to be delicious !	PERSON wanted to go apple picking . So she took some friends and went to the orchard . However , they were late in the season . There were no apples on the trees , only on the ground . They wished they had went to the orchard earlier .	My wife wanted to go apple picking with her granddaughter in NYC . We live in LOCATION . I am disabled . I paid for my wife to go to NYC on a limoliner bus . She had a great time picking apples with her granddaughter .	PERSON 's favorite family activity every fall was a trip to the orchard . The family would drive three hours to the mountains to get there . Once they arrived , they would walk through the trees with baskets . They would carefully look at every apple before selecting it . They would take home enough apples to last a month !	I went apple picking the other day with my friends . We picked a whole bunch of apples . A lot of my apples had worms in them . I was really upset about this . My friends shared some of their apples with me .
the new puppy	PERSON wanted a puppy . He asked his mom and dad for one . They he would have to wait . One morning PERSON woke up some wet on his face . There it was on his bed his very own puppy .	PERSON wanted to buy her son jack a puppy . She went to the pet store white jack was at school . When PERSON came home she handed him the puppy . PERSON 's face lit up and he jumped for joy . PERSON was touched by PERSON 's happiness .	PERSON moved to her first apartment this week . She was feeling lonely so she went to the shelter to adopt a puppy . She found a brown dog with white ears that she loved . She brought the puppy home and named him PERSON . PERSON and PERSON are now best friends !	My wife had decided to surprise me with a puppy . The puppy quickly grew and became my best friend . As we grew older together the wife left me but I still had my friend . Slowly but surely the puppy turned into a dog . My heart broke when I had to take him to the vet for a final rest .	PERSON got a new puppy . She was very excited to bond with him . However , he started to chew all of her things . PERSON became disappointed . She realized having a puppy would be more work than she thought .
friend	PERSON was trying to help his friend with his car troubles . They diagnosed the issue and looked online for a fix ! Unfortunately they could n't find anything . PERSON asked his neighbor for some help and he accepted . His neighbor was able to fix the car and solve his friend 's issue .	PERSON had n't talked to PERSON in a long time . She picked up her phone . She dialed PERSON 's number . PERSON answered . The two talked such a long time !	The man spotted a friend . He snuck up on his friend . He scared his friend from behind . His friend jumped away in terror . His friend did not appreciate that .	PERSON wanted to see his friend . His friend did not have transportation . His friend asked PERSON to pick him up . PERSON obliged . PERSON picked up his friend .	As a child PERSON believed in his imaginary friend . He talked about his friend all the time . They often played together . He told his mom his friend only plays when it is sunny . PERSON found out his friend was really his shadow .
motivation	PERSON wanted to be a positive influence . He started streaming video games . People were attracted to his attitude . His viewership steadily increase . Eventually , he made it his full-time job .	PERSON was having a lot of problems . She was unhappy in all aspects of her life . She decided to get a life coach . She helped her get motivated . It helped her have some direction in her life .	I received poor test results from the last exam . Since i was demotivated , I wanted to drop out of the class . The professor was irritated when he heard that . He told me to fight as much as you can to pass . Taking his advice into consideration , I decided to cheer up .	I got passed on a promotion at work , When I asked my boss how come he said that he thought I was n't ready . I spent the next year proving him wrong and trying my best everyday . A year later he pulled me into his office and promoted me . He said that he did n't do it sooner because he wanted to motivate me .	PERSON was always lazy . He never did well in school . He never played sports . He could barely hold down a job . Now he 's contemplating suicide .
cleaning up	The bathroom was really dirty . It was PERSON 's turn to clean it . Unfortunately he was on vacation this week . So I had to clean it instead . He 'll just clean it when it 's my turn .	The day of the big move was almost here . They had everything packed up . All the furniture was moved as well . They were all cleaning up . It felt bittersweet moving .	PERSON 's apartment got really messy . He decided to clean over the weekend . PERSON took all weekend cleaning . It was n't enough to do much damage . PERSON gave up and called a cleaning service .	PERSON had a messy girlfriend . He always had to clean up after her . He would constantly ask her to be cleaner . She never complied . Eventually it was too much and PERSON dumped her .	My mom made me clean up my room yesterday . She said I could n't go outside until I was finished . It took me all morning but I finally cleaned my room . She looked over my room and was happy with the work I did . I was finally able to go outside and play with my friends .
the suitcase	PERSON and PERSON had a suitcase of money . They were going to give the money to a kidnapper . The kidnapper had taken a woman named Bunny . So , PERSON was going to trade the money for Bunny . PERSON and PERSON decided to give the kidnapper a fake suitcase instead .	PERSON was taking a trip . He needed a new suitcase . He got one with hard sides and wheels that rotated . When he got to the airport , the suitcase fell apart ! PERSON was very frustrated with his new purchase .	PERSON was waiting at the baggage claim for his suitcase . He picked up a suitcase that he thought was his . At the hotel he opened it to get some clothes out . The suitcase was full of money and not clothes . PERSON counted the money and got very excited .	PERSON had packed for her trip . She had crammed everything into her suitcase . She was worried her clothes would get wrinkled . When she got to her destination , they were very crumpled . She spent her first evening ironing all her clothes !	After a long flight to LOCATION , I went to claim my baggage . So many bags look alike these days so I watched closely . Eventually there was one one bag last similar to mine but not mine . That 's how I found out someone else had mistakenly taken my bag . Ever since that day , I have put bright strips of duct tape on my bags !
the casino	The couple took a trip to LOCATION LOCATION . They did n't know how to gamble but thought they 'd give it a go . They put $ 100 on the roulette table . The casino employee spun the wheel . The couple won $ 200 !	PERSON was nervous . He 'd just bet $ 1000 on a poker hand . He could barely look at his cards . When he did , he saw he won ! He was having a lot of fun at the casino !	My parents enjoy going to the casino . When I turned 21 they took me with them . I had no luck with the slot machines or betting on the races . My parents made out pretty well and each won a nice sum . Ever since I leave the gambling to my parents .	I just moved to LOCATION LOCATION so I 've always wanted to go to a casino . So me and my mom decided on visiting one as soon as possible . We got prepared , and off we went in our car . As we entered all we saw was machine noises and lights everywhere . I sat down , pulled out my wallet and prepared myself to lose money .	The couple was on vacation in LOCATION LOCATION . They went to a casino on their first night . They lost a ton of money ! They were so depressed , they left the casino . They spent the rest of the night at the bar .
the fly	PERSON had noticed a huge fly in her house all week . She could see it flying around and landing all over things . She was sick of it and vowed to smoosh it . One day , she had a perfect shot . She aimed carefully and squashed the bug once and for all .	PERSON heard a buzzing . It was a fly ! She swatted at it but it came back . PERSON bought a giant fly swatter . She smacked it the next time it flew by .	I was grilling yesterday and there was a fly bothering me . I was trying to get the fly and forgot about the food . All of the meat on the grill burnt . I had to give all of the burnt meat to the dogs . My dogs love when the flies bother me when I grill .	PERSON was eating an apple pie . Then he found something in the pie . It was a fly . PERSON complained to the waitress . The waitress picked out the fly and asked him what the problem was .	The fly was buzzing again . Karen had had enough . Snatching a fly swatter , she took aim . Unfortunately , in her great hurry , she tripped and fell . Her flyswatter and dignity were both injured , but the fly was dead !
the hospital	PERSON had to go to the hospital . She was having emergency surgery . The nurses checked her in and took good care of her . PERSON 's friends and family came to visit . PERSON was on the road to recovery .	One day , PERSON was feeling very unwell . His throat hurt very much . His doctor decided PERSON must have an operation on his tonsils . PERSON was scared , but the nurses made him feel better . After surgery , PERSON got all the ice cream he wanted .	PERSON was a new employee . He had gotten a job as a doctor at the hospital . On his first day , he got a really complicated case . He worked hard to help the patient . PERSON felt confident about how he would perform as a doctor .	PERSON woke up with a pain in his leg . His family was concerned about him and his pain . In the afternoon they drove to the hospital to see a doctor . The doctor told PERSON he had a blood clot in his leg . He was prescribed medicine and sent home to recover .	PERSON was being rushed to the hospital . He had had a seizure . His mother was terrified . The doctors said he would be ok . She was relieved but still on edge .
club	PERSON wanted to work on his game in the club . He started approaching girls . He kept getting denied . He decided to quit . He went back home sad .	PERSON went to the new club in town . He saw a lot of attractive girls . He talked to the first one he saw . She denied him . He then got discouraged .	PERSON loved dancing . She liked going to clubs to dance . One night PERSON met PERSON at the club . They danced together all night long . Then PERSON asked him to date her .	PERSON wanted to go to a new club everyone was talking about . She and her friends dressed in their nicest club attire . They walked into the club . Everyone was giving them attention . They felt anxious and then left .	PERSON wanted to be president of the film club at school . They held elections and PERSON was not nominated . She was very disappointed ! But then she saw that she had been nominated for treasurer . PERSON accepted her new position happily !
wrestling	PERSON was excited for the upcoming wrestling match . He set up his big screen tv in the backyard . PERSON invited all of his friends over . His friends brought food and drinks . They spent the rest of the night watching wrestling !	PERSON used to always go out and watching the Pay Per View matches . We would meet up at a bar to watch the fights . We would try and predict who would win . But there would always be twists we could n't expect . It was always fun and a good reason to get out of the house .	There was a prize for the best wrestler in the state . PERSON was always told she could n't win because she was a girl . PERSON practiced everyday and tried her hardest at competitions . PERSON made amazing progress and was confident at the state finals . PERSON wound up losing in the first round to a very skinny boy .	PERSON was the only girl on the wrestling team . She was also the youngest . All of the boys were seniors , when she was only a freshman . She did her best to keep up with them in practice . However , she ran so fast that she fell down and slid across the floor .	PERSON was considering playing a sport in high school . He tried out for the high school wrestling team . He made the team . He had a lot of fun at the practices and meets . He learned a lot of valuable self defense skills .
new cell phone	PERSON needed to get a new cell phone . His older one had broken . He went online and compared different ones . He found one he liked on sale . He bought it and received it within days .	PERSON dropped his old cell phone . The screen cracked on it . He finally decided to get a new one . He looked online for the best deal . Once he found it he bought it .	PERSON bought a new cell phone . He sold his old one online . Unfortunately he forgot to delete his information . Someone found his pictures and posted them online . PERSON was thoroughly embarrassed about the private ones .	PERSON could not wait to get the newest cell phone . She had pre-ordered hers . When she went to the store to pick it up , no one could find it . She waited and waited . Then she got the bad news that it had been sold .	PERSON was getting a new phone . When she opened it she was happy . It was everything she wanted . PERSON wanted to get something else too . So she got some Bluetooth speakers .
dog attack	PERSON introduced PERSON to his dog . PERSON tried to pet the dog on his head . The dog bit his arm . He tried to break free and ran . The dog ran after him and jumped on his back .	PERSON was outside walking her dog Peebles . Suddenly , PERSON saw another dog being walked and attacked ! The poor other dog was bitten very badly by PERSON . The other dog-owner rushed her dog to the emergency vet . PERSON paid the vet bill for the other owner as an apology .	PERSON was delivering a heavy package . But as he approached the recipient 's house , an angry dog appeared . The dog tried to attack him and the package was destroyed . And hundreds of dollars worth of electronics were ruined . But PERSON was lucky to get away safely .	PERSON was walking his dog one day . All of a sudden , two dogs came around the corner . The dogs began barking at PERSON and his dog . PERSON yelled at them to go away , but they did n't move . Luckily , the dog 's ' owner came around the corner and stopped the dogs .	Jan is out jogging when a dog starts chasing her . She tries to get away but the dog is too fast . The dog catches her and starts viciously biting her . A man sees this and gets a baseball bat from his car . He saves her life by beating the dog with the bat until it runs away .
friendship bracelet	PERSON and her friend PERSON wanted to be closer . They decided to make friendship bracelets . PERSON thought it was great . When it was done they looked great . They wore them for ten years .	PERSON wanted a new friendship bracelet . She and her friend decided to make one together . When they finished they wore them out . They planned on wearing them forever . PERSON then wanted to make another one .	PERSON loved bracelets . She decided to make one . She then gave it to her friend . Her friend loved it . Then she made one for herself .	PERSON was friends with PERSON . The two had been buddies for years . PERSON wanted to give PERSON something . She gave her a bracelet . PERSON was so honored she gave her the bracelet .	When PERSON got to class her friends were huddled together . She wondered what they were looking at . There she saw May had brought friendship bracelets for them . PERSON wanted one as well . But there were n't enough to go around .
the turkey	PERSON was busy in the kitchen . She was having twenty guests over for Thanksgiving ! She put the turkey in at 8am . She was busy cooking all morning . WHen the turkey came out , it was a beautiful brown color .	PERSON was busy cooking . She was making Thanksgiving dinner this year . She put the turkey in the oven at 7am . It baked all day . Right at noon , it was time to take it out !	A turkey walked across the field . A hunter was watching it . He reached for his turkey call and tried to call it in . The turkey was too smart ! He ran off in the other direction and hid in the woods .	PERSON was rushing around in the kitchen . She was hosting Thanksgiving and had a lot to do ! She pulled the turkey out and was shocked . It was still frozen ! She served her family side dishes and pie , but no turkey .	PERSON heard a funny noise outside . It was a wild turkey ! He watched the weird creature wander around the yard . Finally , it went back into the woods . PERSON could n't believe what he had just seen !
ears	I bought a chocolate easter bunny . I took it home with me . My husband laughed and said I could n't eat the entire thing . I told him I had no intention to . I sat down and ate the ears only , leaving the rest behind .	PERSON never got her ears pierced as a child . She decided to get them pierced and went to the mall . PERSON got them pierced and went home . She did not follow the instructions of the store and the holes closed . PERSON had to get them pierced again .	She bought a headband . She took it home with her other crafts . She grabbed the glue gun . She cut felt into the shapes of two ears . She glued them to the band to make a set of mouse ears .	PERSON overheard his mom talking about their upcoming picnic . He grew afraid when she mentioned eating ears . He did not want to eat ears ! Then he saw what she had been discussing . She had purchased a dozen ears of corn !	The man cleaned his ears . He started having problems with one ear . He had it looked at . He had compacted ear wax . The doctor told him not to clean his ears like that .
PERSON 's boyfriend	PERSON had a feeling her boyfriend was being unfaithful . She 'd even contemplated snooping in his phone . One day she overheard her him telling someone else he loved them . PERSON threw all of his stuff outside . She 's still hurt over the breakup .	PERSON had a boyfriend . PERSON loved her boyfriend . One day she found her boyfriend cheating . PERSON was outraged . PERSON broke up with him .	PERSON was nervous when she brought her new boyfriend home . Her dad was very protective of her . She was worried he would disapprove of him . Her boyfriend and dad ended up talking for hours . She now thinks her dad likes her boyfriend more than he likes her .	PERSON heard there was a public transport delay on the TTC . Her boyfriend had just left for work , and he used the TTC to travel . PERSON called her boyfriend to tell him about the delay . Her boyfriend answered the phone just in time to hear about the delay . PERSON 's boyfriend thanked her , and walked to work instead .	PERSON had a pretend boyfriend . Her friend found out that she had made up her boyfriend . Her friend helped her find a real boyfriend instead of making fun . Now PERSON and her friend go on double dates together . PERSON is lucky to have a friend like she does .
last minute	PERSON forgot to get his girlfriend a card for Valentine 's Day . He ran to the store to pick one up for her . When we go there , the selection was limited . There were only cards for grandma from grandchildren . PERSON bought it anyway and wrote over it for his girlfriend .	It was the last minute of the playoff game for PERSON 's soccer team . PERSON received the ball and lined up his shot . The ball flew toward the goal ! The goalie leapt sideways and caught the ball with his fingertips . PERSON 's team went home without a trophy that day .	PERSON 's parents were going out to dinner and needed a babysitter . Their regular babysitter could n't make it because she was sick . The looked online and found a new babysitter that agreed to work . The new babysitter showed up on time and seemed very friendly . Their dinner date was saved !	PERSON remembered a report that was due soon and he did not start it yet . The problem was he was on the other side of town . He raced to get a taxi . Finally home he frantically wrote his report . He sent the report in a email with only minutes to spare .	I had to go the the store . We needed Easter supplies . My wife and I had been sick all week . The store was out of almost all the Easter stuff . I managed to find just enough stuff .
home	The boy was home alone . He thought he heard a noise . He called his mom . His mom told him to lock up the house . That made the boy more afraid .	The man found a house . He made an offer to buy it . His offer was accepted . He customized the house to suit him . The house felt like a nice home to him .	Will had had enough of apartment living . Will started looking for a home to purchase . Will found the perfect house in a nearby neighborhood . Will signed on the dotted line only one week later . Will raised a beautiful family in that home .	May and Nic had been married for ten years . May wanted a home of their own ! Together they shopped until they found a fixer-upper for $ 40,000 . Nic could do electrical work , roofing and flooring , and drywall . So they signed the deed and officially became homeowners !	My friend came to visit . She wanted to go out . I asked if she wanted to meet my brothers . I was in trouble that night . I did n't find out why until the next day .
the grill	PERSON loved cooking . She was going to grill her dinner . She turned the grill on and waited for it to heat up . She had never used the grill before and was n't sure what to do . When the grill was hot , she placed the steaks on the grates .	PERSON moved into a new home . He bought a grill for his new backyard . He could n't wait to invite his friends over . He would grill for them and show them around . He called them to come over as soon as they could .	PERSON got a new grill to start the summer . He decided to build a table to put the grill in . He went to the store and picked out his lumber . He spent days putting it all together . Soon PERSON 's family was eating steaks off his new grill .	PERSON came home to find a big box in his kitchen . It was a new grill ! His wife had bought it as a gift . He assembled it and started grilling . PERSON cooked for his family every night on his new grill .	PERSON wanted to cook on the grill . He was disappointed because it had started to rain . Rain came through but only lasted about thirty minutes . PERSON grabbed his charcoal and lighter fluid and sparked up the grill . He cooked burgers , ribs , and hot dogs and was happy he got to grill .
new hat	PERSON bought a new hat . It was for his favorite football team . He wore it out to a bar . Another fan of the same team complimented him on it . PERSON wore it out again more often .	It was snowing and PERSON needed a new hat . She went to the store to go find one . When PERSON found one , she loved it . She immediately picked it up and purchased it . PERSON was happy about it .	PERSON bought a new cap . He kept the tags on it . He wanted to make sure everyone knew it was new . PERSON was often told it looked tacky . PERSON did n't care and kept them on it .	PERSON got a new hat . He showed it to everyone . PERSON stole the hat . PERSON started to cry . PERSON felt bad and gave PERSON back the hat .	PERSON bought a new hat . He thought it looked really good . All his friends said it was stupid . PERSON did n't care and kept wearing it . Eventually a friend threw it away .
PERSON 's garden	PERSON had a beautiful garden . He would sell fresh vegetables from it at the market . One year the was a bad freeze mid Spring . All of PERSON 's plants died . PERSON no longer sells vegetables at the market .	PERSON wanted to start a garden in his backyard . PERSON bought seeds and fencing . PERSON set up the fence and planted the seeds . PERSON watered his plants for weeks . Now his plants are starting to grow different fruits !	PERSON liked gardening in her yard . Suddenly , all of her plants started dying . She kept watch and spotted her neighbor 's cat peeing in her garden . She talked to her neighbor and he agreed to keep the cat indoors . PERSON 's garden started to recover and look bright and green again .	PERSON loved gardening . She was proud of her beautiful flower garden . One day she went outside to work on the garden . She found out moles had destroyed her levanders . She got very angry .	PERSON could n't figure out why her flowers were n't growing . Her books did n't have any information on it . She asked her mother who was of no help . Finally , a man at the local nursery gave her helpful advice . Now PERSON 's flowers are growing better than ever .
the pitcher	PERSON was pitching at a baseball game . He decided to try and throw ten strikes in a row . PERSON threw five strikes in a row in the first half . In the second half , PERSON hurt his arm while pitching . He was unable to finish the game and did n't get ten strikes .	PERSON was a baseball player . He was their starting pitcher . He threw a perfect game last season . He was expected to do great things this season . PERSON knew he would pitch great this year .	PERSON was ready to pitch in his first game . He warmed up with the catcher before the game . When it was time , PERSON stepped on the mound . PERSON threw strike after strike . PERSON 's team won the game behind his great pitching .	PERSON needed one more out to win the baseball game . His team was up by one run . The batter that PERSON is facing is the team 's best hitter . PERSON just needed one more strike . PERSON threw a fastball and the hitter swung and missed .	I wanted to be a baseball pitcher for the school 's team . When I tried out for the team though the coach would n't let me pitch . He said I did n't throw fast enough . I worked on my pitching speed for the next year . The new year I tried out again and became the pitcher .
tan	One sunny day , PERSON went to lay in her backyard . She closed her eyes and dozed briefly . But when she woke , she saw something bad . She had forgotten to apply sunscreen before napping ! PERSON was covered in a bright red sunburn !	PERSON wanted a summer tan . Every day he laid out in his yard . He applied lotion and lay in the sun . Soon he was golden brown . By the end of summer he had a great tan !	PERSON wanted a suntan . She laid out in her backyard on a sunny day . Then she applied lotion and closed her eyes . In a few hours she went in to check her progress . Her skin was a golden brown !	PERSON was very pale . She wanted a suntan . She went to the park and stretched out on a chair . Then she relaxed in the sun for a few hours . When she left , her skin was a summery golden brown !	PERSON was concerned about her pale skin color . She wanted to look very beautiful . She thought tan skin would make her look beautiful . She began tanning regularly . She received many compliments and was happy about her tan .
dead plants	PERSON was asked to water her friend 's plants . The friends were going out of town for a couple of weeks . PERSON was very forgetful . She forgot to water any of the plants . Most of them died .	PERSON lived with his wife . She needed to leave for work . PERSON never watered the plants . His wife usually did it . When she got back several of them were dead .	PERSON went out of town for a couple weeks . He forgot to get someone to water his plants . No rain fell . The plants suffered from drought . PERSON 's plants died .	PERSON bought new plants . She was worried about keeping them alive . She made sure to water them often . They still got droopy and started dying . PERSON realized she was over-watering \ them .	PERSON bought some plants . He wanted to make his apartment more lively . Unfortunately he was bad at watering them . They all died within a month . PERSON had to throw them out .
cash	PERSON needed some extra cash . She went around her neighborhood collecting bottles . She put them in a big bag . Then she turned them in . PERSON made ten extra dollars that way !	PERSON was working at the cash register . A customer brought a headband to the counter . The customer handed PERSON a $ 100 bill . The bill was fake . PERSON refused the money .	The man payed for his groceries . He asked for cash back . The cashier did n't have that much money . The cashier called management . Management got the money from another till .	PERSON needed new tires for his car . But PERSON was broke . But PERSON was smart . So he sold some of his belongings . PERSON made more than enough to get tires .	Cash Grabson was smug . He 'd made a new app for the marketplace . Unfortunately , most of its code was stolen . Critics railed him for weeks about his thievery . Unfortunately for them , this just drove his app store sales up .
journal	PERSON taught a bible study . She told the kids to start a journal . She wanted them to write their prayers . One of the students wrote twenty pages . She was happy people used them .	I do n't like writing my short stories on my computer . I feel very distant from the typed words . Instead , I like to handwrite my work . I keep a journal and pencil with me at all times . But one time I lost the journal , and with it two weeks of work .	PERSON downloaded a new app . The app is a live journal . He began to work on it . He found good memories . He shares them with his kids .	I like to keep a journal of my writings . It helps me vent and relieves stress . Last week my bratty sister found it . She started reading it and calling it my diary . It annoyed me so much I wrote about it in my other journal .	I 've been writing stories in a journal . I like that it makes my writing highly mobile . It also feels authentic because it is an older style . But I also find that I write much slower this way . I may have to seek a screened device I can write on as a compromise .
pride	PERSON and PERSON excitedly got dressed in the morning . They rushed to eat breakfast and quickly left . They 'd planned to meet friends who were there when the two arrived . PERSON 's friend , PERSON , handed then two rainbow-colored flags . Everyone entered the festival grounds ready to party !	PERSON was a proud guy . He hated losing at anything . Even small things mattered to him . He lost friends over a game of Monopoly . PERSON is now as lonely as he is proud .	PERSON was too proud to let PERSON know she liked him . PERSON was too proud to let PERSON know he liked her ! One day they realized what was going on . PERSON proposed . Their family and friends were so shocked !	All my life I just wanted my dad to be proud of me . Whenever I did something good he would n't congratulate me . I felt like he did n't care about me or love me . Then , my first son was born . My dad finally congratulated me on my successful life !	PERSON was involved in a gang . He was loyal to his gang no matter what happened . PERSON proudly professed his gang affiliation . The opposing gangs did n't like his pride . PERSON 's home became a target for drive by shootings .
soccer match	PERSON had a soccer match . His team consisted of his friends . The opponent was from another school . After a hard game , PERSON 's team lost . However , they were happy they had fun .	PERSON was running with the soccer ball . She was moving fast since she had a few seconds to store . Drew tried to steal the ball but he ended up slipping on the grass . She had an open room to kick the ball and kicked it . The goalie missed the catch and the ball ended up in the goal .	I invited my friend over to join my team as a substitute . He agreed and I went to the coach to ask if he could join . He said if it 's fine for the referee , it 's fine to him . After asking the referee , he said it was within limits . He obliterated the competition and we managed to win by 4 goals !	PERSON joined an intramural co-ed indoor soccer league . He did n't know anyone on his team at the start of the season . They all got to talk and run and get to know each other . PERSON became close with many people on the team . PERSON 's team did n't win often , but was often the happiest team .	PERSON had an important soccer match . He would be starting for his team . When he got to the field he was feeling energetic . He scored an early goal for his team . He won the game with a last minute goal .
gas	PERSON was driving home one night . Suddenly her car puttered to a stop . PERSON realized she had forgotten to get gas ! She sighed and put on her hazard lights . Soon a passerby stopped to help her .	PERSON bought a new vehicle . He did not know which type of gas to buy for his vehicle . He wanted the best performance . He asked a mechanic if 91 or 95 was better . He learned 95 is best and only used that type for his car .	The man ran out of gas . He tried to call for help . His phone would not work . He walked ten miles . He found a gas station .	I was cooking chicken on the stove . I forgot to turn the gas off . It ignited and set my house on fire . I had to quickly evacuate . My dog died in the fire .	PERSON was driving on the thruway . Then she noticed that she was almost out of gas . The nearest exit was twenty miles away . She feared she would run out of gas , but she hoped not . Luckily , she made it to the gas station before running out of gas !
bad luck	The waiter handed PERSON the bill . He gave his credit card to her so she can process the payment . She left for a moment and came back quickly . She told him that there 's no balance on the card . Therefore , PERSON had to wait for his parents to pay the bill .	PERSON is extremely superstitious . Yesterday she found a black cat in her backyard . She screamed and ran into the house , knocking over a mirror . Though scared , PERSON picked up the cat and drove it to a shelter . She hopes her good karma might offset any bad luck .	The teacher handed our test packets . I realized that I studied for the wrong material . However , I tried to answer the questions . The next day , the teacher gave us our test grades . She told me that I failed .	PERSON was walking to work . On the way , he tripped on the sidewalk and landed on his back . PERSON went to the doctor . He found out that he had fractured his spine . PERSON was out of work for a few months .	PERSON was trying to hang the mirror up on the wall . She could not get it to hang straight at all . She pounded on the wall in frustration . The mirror wobbled , then fell . Sighing , she went to get the broom .
girl	PERSON was born a boy . But he always felt like a girl . He decided to have gender reassignment surgery . He soon looked like a girl on the outside . He was so happy to finally look like himself !	PERSON found out he and his wife were having a baby . He hoped for a son . When he found out it was a girl , he hid his disappointment . But he still thought a son would be better , until he met his daughter . Then he decided he was very proud to have a little girl !	The boy liked a girl . The boy asked the girl out . The girl refused . The boy persisted . The girl got a restraining order .	Fred works at a restaurant A girl comes in PERSON is immediately lovestruck . He tries to ask her out . She rejects him	PERSON was in the city . He went into a bar for a drink . He suddenly saw this beautiful girl . He spoke to her and got her number . This made his night .
gym membership	PERSON went to the gym everyday . Finally she went in for a membership . It cost her one hundred dollars . PERSON ended up using it a lot . As a result she got healthier .	PERSON 's new year 's resolution was to lose some weight . He signed up for a gym membership . PERSON went to the gym every day and lifted weights . He got stronger and stronger every day . After a month , he measured his weight and saw he lost 10 pounds .	PERSON made a new year 's resolution to exercise more . He purchased a gym membership with an annual term . PERSON began going twice a week , once for legs and once for arms . PERSON lost his motivation to get to the gym around mid-year . PERSON canceled the membership when the term was up .	PERSON wanted to save money . She enjoyed working out but her gym membership was expensive . She cancelled her gym membership . PERSON bought some free weights and used free workouts online . She was able to stay active and save money at the same time .	Sue decided to get into shape . She bought new exercise clothes . She read how to do many new exercises . She bought a gym membership . She never went to the gym .
blanket	It was cold in my house . I looked for a blanket . The one I found was too small . I found a bigger blanket . I covered myself with the blanket .	Piper loved the UW Badgers football team . She decided to get a Badgers blanket for her house . At the store , she grabbed a red and white blanket off the shelf . When she opened it at home , Piper saw a Cornhuskers logo . Piper felt silly for purchasing the wrong blanket .	My baby has a favorite blanket . She needs it to go to sleep . I lost it on our walk today . She will never sleep again without it . I better go to the store and get another one .	PERSON got a blanket for Easter . It was pink and soft . She slept with it every day . One day she left it in a hotel during a trip . PERSON was devastated .	PERSON took up knitting . She decided to knit her mom a blanket . She worked hard on it for weeks . Then she presented it to her mom . Her mom teared up at the thoughtful gift !
ice	PERSON hoped the weatherman was wrong and that it would snow . He looked longingly out the window at the dark clouds , expecting rain . His mother and the weatherman said it was going to rain . The next morning he woke up expecting wet soggy ground . But to his surprise it looked like a Christmas village outside !	I used to deliver fliers everyday in the hot sun . My water bottle always ended up really hot . When I put ice in it , the ice melted . I decided to buy a special thermos that kept the cold in . Now I always had cold water when I was in the hot sun .	It was a very hot day . Our husky was miserable . We went to the store and bought a big bag of ice . We dumped it into the kid pool . She loved playing in the ice .	PERSON puffed a cloud of smoke into the man 's face . The man backed away slowly . PERSON had been to prison and was not to be messed with . PERSON laughed and stepped forward , but slipped on ice and fell . The man got new courage and started kicking PERSON in the stomach .	PERSON was a serious outdoorsman . PERSON loved the cold . He felt it made him healthier to expose himself to cold . PERSON decided to swim underwater for 100 yards , without breathing . PERSON successfully did it .
little league	PERSON 's son was on a little league team . The team had a big game coming up . PERSON told his son he would come to the game . At the last minute , a work meeting was scheduled . PERSON was sad that he would have to let his son down .	PERSON 's parents signed him up for little league baseball . He practiced with his father every afternoon to prepare for his games . On the weekends , PERSON played with his team against other teams . PERSON 's team was always very dominant because of how well he played . PERSON 's team went on to win the state championship for baseball .	PERSON 's first day of little league went badly . He did n't even get to play . Being out in the sun made him sick . He threw up in the dugout . His friends all laughed at him until he cried .	PERSON was a terrible baseball player . His coach gave up on him early in the season . But little PERSON practiced after school every day . When the big final game came he was allowed to play . Unfortunately he was still terrible and lost his team the game .	PERSON wanted to join little league . He had asthma and his parents were worried . He convinced them to let him . He had a lot of fun . His parents decided to trust him more .
sore loser	PERSON thought she would make a good mayor for her city . She decided to run for the position . PERSON launched her campaign and bought local tv time . On election day , she lost by 6000 votes . PERSON cried foul and wanted a recount .	The teacher told each group that they would get $ 10 for the best work . Each group worked passionately . Once everyone finished , the teacher announced that my group won . PERSON told the teacher that I was cheating for the entire time . She also decided to walk out of the room .	PERSON wanted to play video games with me . I challenged her in a basketball game . She told me to play seriously . When I did , the score was 98 to 32 in my favor . She unplugged my controller and tried to score easy points .	PERSON and PERSON were playing a videogame against each other . PERSON started to get tense since he was losing . PERSON did a celebrating dance when he ended up winning . PERSON ended up throwing his controller at him . PERSON fell on the floor and received a black eye .	PERSON was playing videogames with friends . He got angry at constantly losing . Eventually he lost his temper . He threw the control across the room . PERSON was n't invited back to play again .
big fish	PERSON went fishing with friends . He had n't caught anything all day . Eventually he felt a tug on the line . It took him a while but he reeled in a big fish . It was record breaking .	PERSON and May were rowing back to the sandy beach . Just in front of their canoe , a large trout leaped out of the water . It gulped down some mosquitoes and splashed back into the lake . After a few moments , another fish broke through the surface . It seemed that it was dinner time at the lake .	PERSON took his son fishing . The went out in the boat in the pond . PERSON helped his son cast his line . The little boy threw out the line and felt a tug . He caught a five pound catfish !	PERSON was out fishing on the lake one Saturday . He had n't caught anything all morning . Just as he was about to leave , he caught a bite . PERSON tried to reel it in , but he could n't . The fish dragged the boat before breaking the rod .	PERSON and PERSON went fishing in the lake . There were n't fish in the lake but they did n't know that . For hours they had their poles in the water and waited . They caught nothing but pretended they did . The argued over who caught the bigger pretend fish .
stalker	PERSON was jogging at a park . He felt a strange presence . PERSON quickly turns around . He seen someone looking at him and following him . PERSON went to his car and went back home ASAP .	I was on duty at my work when i noticed someone staring at me . I did n't mind him but the day after that i saw him again . I called the attention of the security and reported him . They talked to the guy and he leaved . I feel safe at my work but i 'm nervous when i 'm outside .	I really like PERSON . I snuck into his house one night while he was asleep . I hid in his closet and watched him breathe . My heart began to beat so fast . I quietly left out his window .	PERSON sees a pretty girl around town . She is too afraid to talk to her . She decides to follow her around town . The girl notices that PERSON is following her . PERSON is slapped by a restraining order .	PERSON met PERSON PERSON PERSON week of July in 2013 . After just 2 months of dating PERSON told PERSON that she loved him . PERSON felt very uncomfortable by this and broke up with her . But PERSON would n't accept it and she began to stalk him . PERSON was scared and tried to press stalking charges against her .
pie eating contest	PERSON loves eating contests . Her state 's fair is having a pie eating contest . She entered the contest right away . She tried her best to win the contest . PERSON got first place .	Last years record was a whopping twenty five pies eaten . The four contestants this year geared up at the start of the contest . A few minutes after the start , one contestant was leading the pack . The newcomer surged forward and ended up eating thirty two pies . He took home the trophy and was crowned the Pie Man of the year .	Big PERSON was the favorite for a pie eating contest at the fair . PERSON being very short and skinny could n't eat as much as PERSON . As they started PERSON was eating a lot but started slowing down . PERSON began to get ahead and eventually PERSON lost . It turned out PERSON was already full from all the other contests .	PERSON was entered in the pie eating contest at her Church 's Field Day . She was excited about getting to eat a blueberry pie with no hands . When she went to take her mark , she tripped face first into the pie . Everyone laughed and PERSON was embarrassed . She still got to eat the pie , though .	PERSON loved eating pie , and she could eat a lot of it ! She decided to show off her skill publicly . She entered a local pie-eating contest . In front of the whole town , she competed for a trophy . But sadly , PERSON could n't eat enough pie to win the contest !
the bank	PERSON was looking for a new career . He had an interest in banking and finance . He interviewed for a position at the local bank . He was selected by the president of the bank . PERSON was eager to get to work in the new field !	PERSON needed money . She went to the bank and made a withdrawal . When she got home , she noticed her wallet was missing . She had left it at the bank ! The teller called her to tell her they 'd found it .	PERSON got a new job . It was at a bank in town . She was going to be a teller . On her first day , she reported to her manager . The manager told her she was at the wrong location .	PERSON needed money . He decided to hold up a bank . He used a fake gun . The police officer at the bank realized the gun was fake . The police officer shot PERSON and arrested him .	PERSON wanted to start his own business . He needed some seed money first , however . He went to the bank and asked for a loan . The bank turned him down immediately . PERSON decided he would rob a bank instead to get the funds .
hungry	PERSON was hungry during science class . But there was still another 45 minutes before it was over . He tried to eat some of his lunch without his teacher noticing . But PERSON was caught . The next day , he had to bring candy for everyone as his punishment .	PERSON was hungry . He looked for his lunch box but it wasn t there . PERSON realized he must have left his lunch at home . PERSON had no money to buy lunch . PERSON was very hungry the rest of the afternoon .	PERSON was very hungry in class . However , lunch was an hour away . He just could n't take it . He started daydreaming about the food he would eat later . So much time passed , that it was finally lunch time .	PERSON had been jogging for several miles . And it was hard to keep his mind off of food . He passed by several restaurants during his jog . And he decided to finally eat at one . Starving , PERSON ordered $ 20 worth of burgers and fries for himself .	PERSON was hungry . She decided to order a pizza . She called the restaurant for a delivery . The pizza delivery man came by with her pizza . PERSON was excited and ate half the pizza .
old car	PERSON had an old car . It broke down constantly . Eventually her mechanic told her it was unable to be repaired . PERSON decided to start walking to work . As a result , she lost almost 30 pounds .	PERSON was driving down the road when he noticed his oil was low . So he drove to the nearest store and bought some oil . A week later he noticed that oil was low again . He decided that now was the time to sell the car . He put an ad in Craigslist and sold the car two days later .	PERSON 's grandfather passed away recently . He gave PERSON his car in his will . It was old and beat up . PERSON decided to fix it up . After a while it looked and ran great .	PERSON loved his father 's car . PERSON 's father knew that and was going to give him the car . It was PERSON 's birthday . After dinner PERSON 's father a took PERSON to the front yard . PERSON was so happy to have his father 's old car .	PERSON bought a brand new car . She still has her old car sitting in her driveway . She does n't know what to do with it . She read about dealerships buying used cars from people . She checked it out and got over a thousand dollars for her old car !
peanuts	My dog 's favorite snack became peanuts this week . I bought a large tin for the family . I threw her a couple of the peanuts to try . She fell in love with them instantly . Now she begs for them every day .	PERSON was a peanut farmer . He had a one thousand acre peanut ranch . This year the weather was great and PERSON had a good crop . He took his crop to the elevator and got paid a lot of money . He spent his money on a new tractor .	The man ate peanuts from a community bowl . His fingers got salty . He licked his fingers clean . He put his wet fingers back in the bowl . His friends got mad .	PERSON was allergic to peanuts . PERSON hated PERSON so PERSON hid some peanuts in PERSON 's brownies . Unfortunately , PERSON ate the brownies ! PERSON began to asphyxiate . PERSON died a terrible death .	My coworker 's son was allergic to peanut . One day , one of his classmates had a sandwich . His classmate offered him the sandwich . He forgot to asked what was the butter of the sandwich . After he ate , he begun to scratch his body .
dance class	PERSON was in a new dance class . She was nervous about if she was good enough . She told her teacher she would practice every day . PERSON was determined to earn her spot in the class . She was a hard worker with a very clear goal .	PERSON started dance last week . She joined in a combination class . The teacher is very sweet . She is working one on one with each student . I think she will learn a lot .	I started a new dance class week . They teach a lit bit of everything . I am not the best dancer . I hope I can learn a few things . We can go out dancing when I am done .	PERSON was late to dance class one day . Her brother had agreed to drop her off but he had n't shown up . PERSON ended up having to walk . She was angry at her brother , but forgave him . He was glad .	PERSON wanted to take dance lessons . Her mother said she could , but only if she improved her grades . Jordan began studying more . She improved her grades in all her classes . PERSON 's mom registered her for dance classes .
birthday surprise	PERSON wanted to do something special for his birthday . He called his best friend PERSON , and invited him to go to a party . They went that evening , but PERSON had planned a surprise for PERSON . When they arrived all of PERSON 's friends were there to celebrate him ! PERSON was so touched that he gave PERSON a big hug .	PERSON was turning 21 . He did n't have many friends . He decided to go to the bar by himself . At the last minute one of his friends invited him out . PERSON 's other friends were there too .	PERSON was excited for her birthday . She woke up expecting cake and presents . As the day went on no one said anything . Everyone had forgotten her birthday . PERSON was very sad and depressed no one remembered .	PERSON told everyone that he did not want a party for his birthday . All of his friends promised that they would not throw a party . On his birthday PERSON was invited to his favorite restaurant . He kept expecting all of his friends to yell surprise . PERSON was sad when he realized that no one would throw him a party .	LOCATION wanted to go to an amusement park for her birthday . Her birthday was in the winter and it was too rainy for her plans . She sadly cancelled the event and took back her friend 's invites . Her best friend decided to throw her a surprise party instead . The surprise was a success and LOCATION was ecstatic at the party .
PERSON 's test	PERSON was given a car for his birthday . He took his driving test in it . PERSON drove extra carefully during the test . He passed ! PERSON can drive his car .	PERSON was nervously preparing for a test the next day . He studied every book he had related to the subject . Eventually he was burned out from too much studying and took a break . PERSON 's break lasted only a few minutes but he fell asleep . The next morning PERSON was nervous , but he passed the test !	PERSON took his SAT test . His score was lower than he would have wanted . PERSON rescheduled another taking of the test . He studied hard for the SAT . PERSON made a much better score the second time he took the test .	PERSON had to study for a chemistry test . The test was twenty five percent of her grade . She stayed up all night to study for the test . She went to school the next day and took the test . She passed her test with an A.	PERSON had a test coming up on Friday . PERSON did not study during the week . On Thursday night PERSON started to study . When Friday came PERSON was still not ready for his test . PERSON did not do well on his test .
job hunt	PERSON was unemployed . He began looking for work . He sent his resume out to many companies . After two months of this , he was still unemployed . He finally found work at a fast food restaurant .	PERSON decided to look for a job after her youngest child moved out . She created a resume on her computer . PERSON then looked in the paper for local companies that were hiring . She went on several interviews the following week . PERSON was really happy to be hired on at the daycare center .	I 've been hunting for a job for a while . Today , a recruiter called me on the phone . He asked me to come in for an interview at noon . I went to the interview . After it was over , he offered me a job .	PERSON was a college graduate who had just finished school . He already had a few jobs to choose from in order to make a living . After reviewing his options , PERSON decided he did not like any of them . He decided to take his chances on a job he would have to apply for . After a few months , PERSON ended up in the job he wanted .	PERSON was without a job again . She was upset since it took her months to find her first job . She applied at a lot of stores near her home . She was n't optimistic she would hear back from any of them . After a week PERSON had 2 interviews at stores she liked .
too much food	Fred loved hot dogs . So he decided to compete . He wanted to be in a hot dog eating contest . He got his friends to join . Fred won it .	I took my friend to a restaurant for breakfast . We ate smoked sausages , eggs , pancakes , and more items . In addition , he treated me to dinner at a lobster shack . I came home with a stomach ache . I missed work the next morning since I was n't able to walk .	PERSON told her friends to bring over some food . She wanted to have a potluck dinner . But all the sudden she realized it would be too much . She could n't handle it all in the fridge . So she told them to only bring one item only .	PERSON went to a pizza restaurant . She ordered a small pizza . She assumed she would eat all of it . Yet when it came it was massive . PERSON was in shock and only could eat one slice .	PERSON was invited to a party . She decided to bake cookies for everyone . When she arrived at the party , there was already lots of food . And hardly anyone ate PERSON 's cookies . She felt embarrassed having to take all of them back home .
store	One time While PERSON was working a dog ran into the store . The customers in the store were all very surprised . They dog ran around the store while PERSON and other employee chased it . Finally PERSON caught the dog and it was brought to the service desk . The owner was found and took the dog out of the store .	PERSON worked at a store . He was covering someone else 's shift . He worked for 8 hours . He was so excited to leave , He went to the bar after	PERSON visited a local store . He looked over what they sold briefly . He could n't find anything he was interested in buying . After a little while , he decided to leave . He thought that he might visit there again someday .	We lived above a candy store in LOCATION in 1960 . One day the owner died and the store was abandoned . A kid climbed into the window and opened the door . The kids took all the candy . The store was boarded up later , and never reopened .	PERSON was making dinner . Then she realized she was out of potatoes . She hurried to the store . There , she bought a bag of potatoes . Then she went home to finish cooking dinner .
the job	PERSON got an exciting phone call . It was a job offer ! She was so proud of herself . She was going to start the job on Monday . She could n't wait for her first day !	PERSON put his mask on and waited outside the bank . His partner signaled him from across the street . PERSON began to run into the bank waving his gun around . He demanded all the money in the teller 's stand . He got the money and ran out of the bank .	I got offered a job yesterday . It is just a part time job . I can do the work at home . Which is nice because I have kids . I am really thinking of taking the job .	PERSON will be graduating in two months . She decided that she wanted to apply for a job . She applied for a local teaching job . She was nervous before the interview . PERSON was hired to fill the teaching position on the spot .	PERSON needed a job badly . He lied on his resume . The boss liked what he saw on the resume . He called in LOCATION for a resume . The boss found out that PERSON was lying and he did n't get the job .
boot camp	I just go through with swearing in at meps . We were taken to the airport by bus . We then travel to LOCATION to Navy bootcamp . We were then introduce to our RDC -LRB- drill instructors -RRB- . The RDC told us `` welcome to bootcamp '' as they laugh .	I dropped out of college and decided to join the Marine Corps . I got a medical checkup and was then ready to go to boot camp . Boot camp was hard and the drill instructors yelled at us constantly . The experience challenged me both mentally and physically . At the end of boot camp I was proud to have become a Marine .	PERSON thought about joining the Army . Then he went to pre-enlistment boot camp . It was terrible there ! PERSON was glad he 'd had that experience . He decided the Army was n't for him after all .	Rocky decided to join the Marines . At boot camp he exercised hard every day . Rocky also ate healthier food than he did back home . As a result , Rocky lost a lot of weight at boot camp . When he went back home , many friends did n't recognize him .	PERSON was a new recruit in the Army . She arrived in LOCATION LOCATION on a warm sunny day . She did n't realize they would get to work right away . She was forced to hike 10 miles in the heat with a heavy load . PERSON lay in her bunk afterwards absolutely exhausted .
the mouse	PERSON and PERSON bought a house . the first night they stayed there they kept hearing noises . They began to hear it more often as they were there longer . One day they hear it and got up to check it out . It was a cute little mouse so they trapped and killed it .	PERSON was home alone with her son when she saw a horrible sight . In her kitchen there was a mouse ! She did n't know what to do without her husband there . She decided to get a bowl to trap the mouse underneath . The mouse stayed trapped under the bowl all day until her husband came	PERSON was making coffee in her kitchen late one night . Suddenly she heard something scurry by her . She searched the floor and discovered a mouse darting about . She shrieked and tried to chase it down to no avail . Instead , she set a few traps before returning to bed .	June and her toddler daughter were in the kitchen for breakfast . A large mouse strolled across the kitchen floor . June screamed and threw her spoon at the mouse . She took her daughter and ran from the house . She did not return until exterminators took care of the mouse .	PERSON saw something scurry across her floor . It was a mouse ! She was terrified . She jumped onto the kitchen counter and screamed . Her husband came and killed the mouse .
the stain	PERSON had a important meeting in an hour . He rushed to the store to get some food first . He was eating his sandwich on the way to the meeting . He spilled mustard on his favorite tie ! So , he took off his tie , and attended the meeting .	PERSON was eating at a diner on his lunch break . He spilled tomato sauce on his shirt . PERSON was unable to get the sauce off his shirt . He returned to work . PERSON changed into a spare shirt .	PERSON spent almost an hour getting a stain out of his couch . He had to use different products and tutorials . Finally it seemed to work . To celebrate he poured himself a glass of red wine . He then accidentally dropped it on the same spot .	The mom noticed a stain on her new carpet . She scrubbed at it furiously . It would n't come out ! She rented a carpet cleaner and it still stayed stained . The mom put an end table over the stain to hide it .	PERSON was eating a hot dog . He accidentally dropped mustard on his shirt . PERSON tried his best to clean it . Unfortunately you could still notice it . PERSON stopped caring and just went about his day .
writer 's block	PERSON decided to write a short story . She prepared by sharpening her pencil . She saw the blank paper and started to get nervous . PERSON decided she should think through what she should write about . PERSON completely forgot about her story .	PERSON had to write a story for his English class . He came down with a case of writer 's block . Try as he might , no ideas would come to him . He decided to write a story about how he could n't write a story . He turned in the story and got a good grade .	Becs sat down to start her novel on Sunday morning . For the first 2 hours , everything went completely smoothly . Then , at around 10AM , she ran into writer 's block . She put music on , and was inspired by the lyrics . For the next 6 hours , she wrote without stopping .	PERSON sat at her desk ready to work on her novel . She put her fingers on the keyboard hoping for inspiration . She typed one sentence and had no more ideas . To get her imagination going again , she decided to turn on the radio . As soon as a new soon started , she started typing .	One day PERSON , a writer , experienced writer 's block . He sat down to brainstorm ideas . However none came . He decided to take a break until he had an idea . It worked and he got an idea !
the beach	The friends went to LOCATION . They laid on the beach and relaxed . After a few days , they decided it was time to leave . They watched one more sunset over the water . The beach was a great place for them to spend time together .	The PERSON family loved going to the beach . They were trying to decide where to go for vacation . The family decided that they had to go to a beach . They decided to go to LOCATION . The PERSON family loved LOCATION and want to go back .	The family had driven for twenty hours . Finally , they were at the beach . They walked along the sand and stared at the water . It was a peaceful and relaxing sight . They thought the long drive had been worth it !	I decided to take my girlfriend to the beach . As we were walking she paused . She told me she was afraid of the water . I told her it was ok . We decided to just relax on the sand .	PERSON decided she wanted to go to the beach . She invited all her friends to go along . They had a great time , but covered in a lot of sticky sand . They searched for a shower for what felt like ages . Finally they found one and decided it was the best trip ever .
car keys	I needed my car keys but could not find them . So I decided to search the house for them . I started on the north end of the house and worked south . I could not find them in the house so decided to look in my car . I walked out to my car and found the keys in the ignition .	I needed to get my hat from my car . I found my set of car keys . I took them to the car . I unlocked my car . I got my hat from my car .	PERSON could not find his car keys . He looked all over the house for them . PERSON could not find his keys in his backpack . He started to panic since he was late for work . When he reached in his pockets , he found his keys .	PERSON was running late for work as usual . He could n't find his car keys anywhere . He called a friend to pick him up . He got the lunch he had packed out of the fridge . His car keys were on the refrigerator shelf .	PERSON is afraid of clowns . On Saturday Madison went to a carnival . There were clowns everywhere . PERSON was crying because she was scared . She and her friends left the carnival .
PERSON 's flight	PERSON was afraid of planes . PERSON had to take a plane to go to LOCATION . PERSON was willing to fly to go there . PERSON was scared the whole ride . When he finally landed he kissed the safe ground .	PERSON is nervous about her flight while she waits in the terminal . A man comes up and starts hitting on her . Luckily for PERSON , she does n't have to sit next to him on the flight . She deplanes , and he begins hitting on her again . PERSON lets him down and quickly leaves .	PERSON was on his way home for Christmas . He had a flight on a small airplane . During the flight , there was a lot of turbulence . At one point , it got so bad that PERSON was a bit worried . Luckily , the plane landed safely .	PERSON had n't seen his mother in Years . He saved up money diligently for the flight to her home in LOCATION . Finally the day had come for Francisco to fly to LOCATION . He and his mother were very happy to see each other . PERSON promised he would never wait so long to see her again .	PERSON had always dreamed of flying . She decided she wanted to learn to fly a plane . She saved up her money for flying lessons . When she was finally ready to start flying , she became ill . She realized she could n't fly because of her terrible fear of heights .
doing laundry	PERSON was doing her laundry . She was in a hurry . She put everything in together . When she took her clothes out she got a surprise . The colors had bled and blended .	Doing laundry is expensive for me because I lack have hookups at home . First organize my laundry into my bag depending on type . Then I make sure I have cash to put on my pay card . Then I haul clothes and detergent into car . Then I spend roughly an hour inside laundromat until clothes are done .	PERSON had a lot of laundry to do . He had n't seen his grandparents in a while . He asked if he could do laundry at their place . They were happy to help out . PERSON hung out with them all night .	PERSON had several loads of laundry to do . She put a load of dark clothes in the washing machine . She started the washer and went to do some other chores . Halfway through the cycle the washer started leaking . PERSON had to stop the washer and clean up the mess .	PERSON had no clean clothes left . She separated her clothes into separate piles . She gathered her dirty laundry and went to the laundromat . At the laundromat she realized she had no money to pay . PERSON loaded the clothes back in the car and went to the bank .
busted	My girlfriend was going out of town for the weekend . As soon as she left I called my ex-girlfriend and arranged to meet up . We went to one of our old hangouts . Thirty minutes later my girlfriend walked in and spotted us . Now neither one of them want anything to do with me .	PERSON 's daughter PERSON was four . PERSON told PERSON to shut up . PERSON was shocked by this . He asked PERSON where she heard the phrase . PERSON said she heard PERSON say it while he was on the phone !	Jay really liked a girl in his Algebra class , PERSON . PERSON decided to write PERSON a poem . PERSON picked his favorite love ballad and copied the lyrics down . He passed this off as his own creation and gave it to PERSON . PERSON chuckled and told PERSON that was her favorite song .	I wanted to impress a girl in my dorm named May so badly . I traced a sketch of a woman in an art book . I gave it to May , claiming I had drawn it while looking at her . At first she seemed genuinely touched . Then she said she remembered from her art class !	While his mom was in the shower , PERSON put on a raunchy show . He knew he was n't allowed to watch it . But he figured his mom would never know ! Then he heard her clear her throat angrily . She had snuck up on him and caught him !
the lie	I convinced my mom I was going to school . In reality I was never admitted to college . Today I went to the library instead . I told her it was my first day of classes . She believed me for now .	PERSON heard an ad on the radio . The ad described a miracle product that would solve many problems . PERSON went out right away and bought the product which was expensive . The product did nothing that it promised . Now PERSON knows to be more careful over what he buys impulsively .	Christian got into trouble at school . The principal gave him a note for his parents . Christian chose to hide the note . Christian did not know his parents already knew . They asked him about it and he lied , which caused him to get grounded .	A man went to a conference in a new city . He was offered a name tag and he accepted . The man chose to write a fake name on the tag . All day people kept calling him by the fake name . He enjoyed to pretend to be someone he was not .	PERSON needed to get to work but did n't have any money . He jumped the train , meaning he did n't buy a ticket . Two officers boarded the train and checked tickets . PERSON did n't have a ticket and lied about his name . Now he 's worried about being caught for the lie .
the vet	PERSON noticed his dog was sleeping a lot . He tried to feed him but he would n't eat . Worried , he took his dog to the vet . The vet took an X-ray of PERSON 's dog . They were shocked to find several objects in the dog 's stomach .	I made an appointment for my dog to get a check up . On the day of the appointment , my dog was excited to go for a ride . The closer we got to the vet , the more nervous he got . At the vet she started to relax and even got a treat . She had a good day , and does n't hate the vet .	PERSON 's dog was sick . He took him to the vet . The vet checked him out thoroughly . He could n't find the problem . PERSON took the dog home and watched him carefully .	Yesterday I had a vet appointment for my dog , PERSON . He seemed really nervous all day . When it was time to go I had a really hard time getting him in the car Once we got there he really liked the vet . I do n't think I will have a problem again .	PERSON is not a very nice cat . She went to the vet for a check-up on Saturday . The vet did not heed our warnings , and was bit several times . The vet had to go to the hospital for stitches . The vet started listening better to pet owners .
wreck	I awoke to a normal day and a beautiful sunrise . I got in my car and began my drive to work . I took my normal route to work . A drunk driver t-boned me as I drove through an intersection . My car was totaled .	I was going to school . All of a sudden I felt a big crash . Someone had hit me from behind . I called my teacher . I would not be going to class today .	I was playing with my phone . I was trying to get home . I was very tired . I ran into the side of a bridge . My truck was totaled .	PERSON drove his car into the median . A man in a truck went into the median . He ran into PERSON 's car . He did not even stop . PERSON only had a scrape .	PERSON needed to go to the grocery store . She had been drinking throughout the day . She was to drunk to drive but drove to the store anyway . While pushing the cart around the store she bumped a display . She made a huge mess and was asked not to come back .
long day	PERSON worked at a smoke shop . He worked very hard to be a good employee . One day he helped some people purchase a vaporizer . They told him they were satisfied but they complained to the owner . PERSON lost his job but swears he never mistreated the customers .	PERSON arrived to work , and started checking his email . He could see his email was not connecting to the server . He looked at his phone , and saw it was not working either . PERSON checked , and the firewall and voice gateway were both dead . PERSON is going to have a long day ahead of him .	It was nearly 2 PM when they got to the church from the cemetery . PERSON had n't eaten since 8 AM and she was hungry . She knew it was a stressful time so , she kept quiet about it . Now they were going back to the church for who know 's what reason . PERSON was elated when she saw that food was set up for the mourners .	It was a very long day . PERSON was kind of antsy . She wanted to get her shots over with . She had to get it at the doctors . PERSON was kind of irritated .	I visited the hospital this morning . As soon as I was registered , I took the elevator to the fourth floor . The nurse took my vitals and started my treatment . Before leaving , my child life specialist told me about a special event . I ended up leaving 2 hours later after attending the event .
PERSON 's accident	PERSON was always in a hurry when she was in the car . She had a bad habit of cutting people off in traffic . One day she tried to speed in front of someone who was also in a rush . The two cars collided , and PERSON broke her arm . PERSON stopped speeding after she recovered from the crash .	PERSON got drunk at a party . She thought she was sober enough to drive home so she got in her car . Shortly after leaving the party she crashed into a pole . PERSON survived but was taken to the hospital just in case . After many tests she was allowed to leave the hospital .	One day , PERSON 's dad asked PERSON if he wanted to drive . His dad took him outside to their car and helped PERSON back up . PERSON 's dad taught him the gas and the wheel and asked him to drive . When PERSON backed up , he and his father heard a large crash . When they checked , they saw PERSON knocked over the trashcan .	PERSON let his auto insurance lapse . One week later , PERSON was involved in a motor vehicle accident . Without coverage , PERSON was unable to get his car repaired . PERSON was compelled to ride his bicycle to work . Eventually PERSON lost weight and was healthier because of his cycling .	PERSON was riding horses with her family . The horse started to pick up speed . Suddenly , the horse was spooked . The horse threw PERSON and she hit a tree . PERSON was knocked unconscious and was rushed to the ER .
PERSON loses weight	PERSON was a little bit on the fat side . He wanted to shed some weight . He started a juice only diet . He drank 6 juice infused vegetable smoothies throughout the day . PERSON was able to lose 10 pounds in a week .	PERSON has n't worked in almost one year . Because he is low on money he has started eating less . His friends and family mention that he should try eating more . However , he ignores their advice . Finally PERSON finds a new job and begins eating more .	PERSON had been overweight all of her adult life . PERSON decided it was time for her to get in shape . PERSON joined a gym and began eating healthy foods . PERSON began losing weight and look good . One year later PERSON had met her goal weight and was finally happy .	PERSON wanted to lose a few pounds . She began watching what she was eating . PERSON and a friend started taking walks after work . PERSON began to feel better . She lost twenty pounds in a few months .	PERSON wanted to lose 50 lbs . He started eating smaller meals . He also started eating more healthy food and less junk food . In addition , he began a daily exercise program . By the end of the year , PERSON had lost all 50 lbs .
PERSON 's baby	PERSON wanted to have a child . She did n't care if it was a boy or a girl . She became pregnant . PERSON ended up having twins . She had one boy and one girl and was thrilled !	PERSON gave birth to a nine pound baby . Her baby was large for a newborn , and healthy . PERSON then came down with a cold , and gave the cold to the baby . The baby became sick and had to see the doctor . The doctor treated the baby , and it got well .	PERSON was anxiously awaiting her baby 's birth . She had tried for years to get pregnant . Her due date was fast approaching . When the baby was born , PERSON 's whole family was there . They rushed in the room , eager to meet the baby .	PERSON and PERSON had been married many years . They decided to start a family . Their baby was born the next year . PERSON 's baby was a very happy and pretty baby . PERSON had never been happier than with her baby .	PERSON desperately wanted a baby of her own . She and her husband tried for years but nothing happened . One day , PERSON 's sister got pregnant by accident . Her sister could not take care of the baby because of bad health . PERSON adopted her niece and at last had a baby .
the new car	One morning , Stuart 's car would n't start . He had it towed to the mechanic 's , who said the engine had died . A new engine would be very costly , so PERSON decided to buy a new car . He shopped around and found a good deal on a hybrid car . Once he got his new car , PERSON was very happy and relieved .	PERSON wanted to buy a new car . He did a lot of research online . Eventually he decided on one . When he went to the dealership they did n't have it . PERSON decided to wait until they got one in .	Today I bought a new car . The car was is very nice and I am proud of the car . I worked very hard to earn the money for the new car . I have been very careful when driving my car . I hope my car lasts me a long time because it was very expensive .	PERSON bought a new toy . It was a really fancy car . She drove it fast through the neighborhood . PERSON took it to her friend 's house to show it off . Everyone was impressed with the new purchase .	PERSON needed a car . Her husband took her car shopping . They were out all day . PERSON was getting sick of car shopping . Suddenly she seen a brand new red car and bought it .
bank	PERSON was working at the bank . Someone wanted to cash the check . You normally need two forms of ID . Someone only had one form . The manager approved the transaction .	Will goes to rob a bank He has to pay for his family . He ends up getting caught . He gets sent to prison His family is more miserable than ever	PERSON wanted to save up some money . She saved all her allowance every week . Soon she asked her mom for help . Her mom took PERSON to a bank to open a savings account . PERSON could now earn interest on her money !	PERSON went to the bank . He had to deposit a check . He went there to the teller . He actually left his check at home . He had to go back .	PERSON needed to get a bank account . He was trying different banks but did not know what to choose . He tried TD bank finally . He got free candy and free pens . He signed up with TD .
gay	PERSON told his parents he was gay They disapproved and threatened to kick him out . PERSON was very upset they reacted that way . He had to tell them he was joking . He decided to move out when he can .	Shia was gay . She was afraid to tell her parents . She worried that they would be angry , or hurt . But when she sat them down and had the talk , she was relieved . They said they loved her and only cared about her happiness !	PERSON is gay . He wanted to finally come out . He came out to his parents first . They were fine with it . He was very happy .	A man pointed a woman . She pointed at herself . He blew a kiss . Then pushed past her to kiss his husband . Then he asked her to take a picture of the two of them .	PERSON wanted to come out to her parents . PERSON is a lesbian . She finally talked to her mother alone . Her mother was fine with it and was n't surprised at all . She spoke to her dad and the same happened .
jobs	PERSON dropped out of high school . He did not know what to do with his life . He impregnated his girlfriend and did not have money . Jobs did not want him . He decided to join the army .	I hated Mechanical Turk . I decided to get a full-time job . Alas , no one would hire me . I gave up searching for a job after nine months . I had no choice but to continue working on Mechanical Turk .	PERSON was looking for a job but did not know where he wanted to work . He had experience hunting with his father , but that was all . He went online to find a job that could use his skills . He found a taxidermy job that paid well . Although it 's not his dream job , he found a job that can support him .	I do not have a job right now . Today I applied for a job that I am not qualified for . I am hoping that they will call me in for an interview . I need money in the worst way . I am confident that I will find something .	PERSON was estranged from his family . One day his brother showed up . They went on a trip together . They were looking for their dad . After a long time they finally found him .
in the dark	PERSON is scared in the dark . She can not sleep in the dark without her nightlight . At night she noticed that her nightlight was broken . She was scared and quickly crawled into her parents bed . PERSON felt comfortable in her parents bed and was n't scared anymore .	One night PERSON came home and noticed his porch light was out . PERSON thought hard about how to fix the bulb in the dark . He went to his garage to get a flashlight , new bulb and ladder . After PERSON changed the bulbs he dropped the old one by accident . PERSON was annoyed by the mess but satisfied with his job well done .	I woke up one morning and needed to get dressed for work . I could n't turn on the light because it would wake up my wife . I picked clothes at random in the dark . Once I left the house I could see what I wore . I had chosen to wear a green shirt with blue pants .	Last night I read my book under a lamp . The light flickered and the bulb went out . In the dark I walked to the closet for a new bulb . I replaced the dead bulb for a new one . I picked up my book and finished the chapter .	PERSON was sleeping at a friend 's house . She woke up in the middle of the night . LOCATION needed to use the restroom . She was unfamiliar with the house in the dark . Walking to the bathroom , PERSON knocked over a lamp .
growing up	PERSON was the youngest of three brothers . He was always treated well , but felt like he was emotionally neglected . He did n't try very hard to get people to notice him because he was shy . His older brother , PERSON , asked him why he was really sensitive . PERSON was finally able to tell someone what bothered him so badly .	When I was growing up I lived in LOCATION . But my dad was in the army and we would move around a lot . We had to move to LOCATION . At first I hated it , but then I made a bunch of new friends . Now , I really like living in LOCATION .	I was finally eighteen . My parents forced me to move out of their house . I did n't have a job . I tried to look for a job but my luck was down . I ended up homeless .	PERSON was a high school senior . She thought graduation meant freedom . After graduation PERSON moved out of her parents house . She realized bills are expensive . PERSON dreams of going back to high school .	PERSON went away to college . He learned a lot about himself . He learned to become independent and to solves problems . After college he moved back home and felt empowered . He was an adult now and he was happy with that .
pokemon	At first my daughter was hesitant about Pokemon Go . I talked her into trying Pokemon Go just once . We went to the park and I walked with her while she played . She caught her first Pokemon and then she wanted to catch more . Now we share an activity that lets us both get some exercise .	I downloaded Pokemon Go onto my smart phone . I was playing the game at a beach early in the morning . I was chasing Pokemon along the beach and into the water . Suddenly , I noticed that there was a dead body beside me . I called the police and they came to investigate .	My nephews wanted to play Pokemon go . So we headed out to walk around . I shared the phone so they could both do it . They loved being able to catch the different ones . They wanted to know when we could go again .	All the kids in my city are playing Pokemon . They have been passing by my house , which is a hot spot . Two young boys were walking one way , a girl another . They were staring at their phones , oblivious . The three ran into each other and one started bleeding .	PERSON loved playing Pokemon Go . She decided to take a walk so she could play . While she was crossing the street , PERSON saw a pokemon on her screen . PERSON was almost hit by a car as she walked into traffic . She decided to only play on the sidewalk from now on .
found wallet	PERSON and PERSON found a wallet lying on the ground . There was over a hundred dollars in it but no id of any kind . There was n't anyone around so they were n't sure what to do . They put up signs in the area asking if anyone had lost a wallet . After a month no one had claimed it so they split the money .	PERSON was walking into the grocery store . On her way there , she saw a wallet on the ground . She immediately picked it up and looked inside . As soon as she found who it was , she took it into the store . She hoped the store would help find the owner .	PERSON found a wallet at a bar . He took it to the bar tender . A few weeks later PERSON was back at the bar . He asked what happened with the wallet . The bartender told him they got it back to the owner .	PERSON found a wallet on the sidewalk . He looked at the ID in it . PERSON then decided to drop it off at the bank . The card matched the ID . PERSON dropped it off and felt good about himself .	PERSON found a wallet in the bus . He brought it up to the driver . The driver asked the passengers if anybody was missing one . Nobody claimed it . PERSON was told it would be taken to lost and found .
the barista	I used to go to a Starbucks in my old town . The same barista worked there all the time . Even though I went there a lot , she could never spell my name right . Finally before I moved she did spell my name right on my cup . I felt a sense of closure and knew I ready to move on .	PERSON had a talent no one could deny . He was the best barista in the whole town . People would line up and wait hours for his creations . Everyone wanted the PERSON touch . He was proud , but hard working always pushing himself .	PERSON loved coffee . She would go to her local coffee shop every morning . PERSON ordered the same thing from the same barista everyday . PERSON had always had a crush on him . She finally worked up the courage to ask him on a date but he said no .	PERSON hated her job but had no choice due to her education . She had to go every morning at six am to serve coffee . She was a barista at Starbucks and she hated the clientele . One day she was having a bad day and one of the regulars noticed . He laughed , PERSON had had enough so she quit her job and went home .	PERSON was a barista at a coffee shop . Many of her customers were regulars . One of her regular customers liked PERSON 's work ethic . She asked PERSON if she wanted a better job . PERSON started working with the customer at an office .
