new pet	PERSON was at the pet store . He was just looking around . Then he noticed a silly lizard . It seemed to play with tom . PERSON decided to buy it .	We never had a dog when I was young . But my sister really wanted one . So we went to the local SPCA and fell in love with one . He was a big black lab , but we instantly bonded . Now I want to get my own dog from the SPCA .	PERSON wanted a dog . His mom took him to the animal shelter . PERSON looked at all the dogs and puppies in their cages . One puppy put his paw through the cage to get PERSON 's attention . PERSON 's mom adopted that puppy for him .	PERSON decided he was ready to get a pet . He went to the local shelter to decide on a dog or cat . After looking at all the animals , he still could n't make up his mind . On the way out , he heard a dog start barking and running after him . PERSON smiled as he realized the dog made the decision for him .	PERSON loved animals . PERSON begged her parents for a new pet . She was told she would n't get a new pet . PERSON gave up hope . Then her parents surprised her with a new dog .
new apartment	PERSON moved into a new apartment . It was a brand new building . PERSON paid a lot of money for rent . Within the first month several things broke . The new apartment was poorly made .	PERSON was excited to get her new apartment . She had been searching for one for the longest time . When she found the one she wanted , she was thrilled . She got to move in the next day . She ended up loving it .	PERSON was looking for a new apartment . He was advised to wait for the perfect place . He saw a few great ones , but still waited . After a month , he found a beautiful apartment in the suburbs . PERSON was happy that he waited .	PERSON needed a new apartment . She looked around for a long time . Finally she found one . Only problem was that it was expensive . She did n't know how she could afford it .	PERSON moved into a new apartment . She saw scorpions there . She hired a exterminator . There were still scorpions after the treatment . She moved out of the house because she was scared .
PERSON 's new shoes	LOCATION needs new running shoes . The pair he has he 's ran 500 miles in . A worker helps him get a great pair . PERSON wins a marathon . He thanks the worker next time he goes in .	PERSON wanted to get a new pair of shoes . He asked his mother to take him shopping . His mother agreed . PERSON tried on at least twenty pairs of shoes . He finally selected a nice pair of athletic shoes .	PERSON noticed that after a day of hard work his feet always hurt . He asked advice of his coworkers , but they had no suggestion . Finally he decided he might need a new pair of shoes . After his first day at work wearing his new shoes , PERSON felt great . PERSON only wished he had bought new shoes Years ago .	PERSON wanted to buy a new pair of shoes , but had no money . She asked her mother to buy them for her . Her mother said no , but she could do chores to earn the money . PERSON spent the weekend cleaning the house and the yard . PERSON earned enough money to buy the shoes she wanted .	PERSON needed new shoes . PERSON went to an Adidas store . He does n't like Adidas shoes . PERSON went to a Nike store . PERSON loves Nike shoes and bought three pairs !
new business	PERSON was an entrepreneur . He started a new business with a few friends . It turned out to be very successful . PERSON sold his part within a few years . It made him very rich .	PERSON wanted to open a new catering hall . He looked at three different buildings . There was an old antique store for sale . He put an offer in on the building . The seller accepted his offer .	PERSON was sick of working his boring job at the factory . He considered a lot of different ideas for a home business . Suddenly it occurred to him that he would love to groom dogs . He put up fliers and bought a pickup truck . With his truck , he began a mobile grooming business .	I opened up a bakery . On the first day I had no customers . I decided to spend ten thousand dollars on advertising . I spent so much money that I went bankrupt . I decided I was not cut out for owning my own business .	PERSON was about to open up her very own business . She had everything in place except that she needed a permit . She was supposed to open that Monday and the county was closing soon . Luckily , PERSON made it just in time and the permit was granted . That Monday , her shop opened up and was a huge success .
runner	PERSON was the best runner in her school . She won all the races without trying that hard . There was a big race coming up . PERSON was sure she would win , so she did n't bother training . When the race came , PERSON lost to a girl who had trained her hardest .	PERSON got into shape to get ready for the marathon . He worked hard and jogged a couple miles every day . After a few months , he was at his fittest . PERSON ran in the marathon . He did n't win , but he was happy he finished .	I 've always wanted to be able to run five miles at one time . Currently I can only run about three . I worked hard for months , slowly increase the distance I would run . I ate healthy and got plenty of rest too . A few months later I was running well over five miles at once !	PERSON takes up running in order to lose some weight . She hires a coach to help her begin the process . Her coach encourages her to participate in a race . She finishes the race and beats her personal record . PERSON is so proud and motivated that she continues to lose weight .	Kyo was determined to run a four-minute mile . He raced his brother each morning . Slowly but surely , he grew faster and faster . Soon Kyo had not only met his goal , but passed it . He was running a mile in well under four minutes !
dead fish	PERSON 's goldfish died . His parents did n't want to tell him . They went out and bought another one . They replaced it without PERSON knowing . He never knew the truth .	PERSON found a dead fish on the side of the road . As there was no lake near it , she wondered what had happened to it . She looked for clues around the fish . She realized that it had been thrown from a passing car . As the fish was not edible , she buried it next to the road .	I wanted to have children . My husband got me some fish instead . I did n't like taking care of them . They always died . I decided not to have children .	PERSON was walking on the beach . He was n't watching where he was going . PERSON stepped on a dead fish . The bone of the fish cut PERSON 's foot . PERSON had to go to the doctor .	PERSON got a pet goldfish . He was excited for it at first . After a while he kept forgetting to feed it . Eventually the goldfish died . PERSON threw out the water tank .
tree house	PERSON went to the store yesterday and bought some wood . He would not tell us what he was building . He worked in his backyard all day . When he finally let us see his project we were amazed . PERSON built the best tree house I have ever seen .	PERSON loved to play in the woods . He always dreamed of building a treehouse . One day his dad said they could build one . PERSON and his dad worked very hard on the tree house . He played in it every day after school .	PERSON wanted a treehouse . PERSON called PERSON and asked if he would help him build one . Mark and PERSON built a treehouse in a large tree . The person who 's yard they built it in came home . PERSON was surprised they were n't in PERSON 's yard .	PERSON had been looking forward to building a treehouse for years . When his son PERSON turned 8 , he decided they could build one together . PERSON gathered all the wood and materials , and was excited to start . But 10 minutes into building , PERSON wandered off to play video games . He realized his son did n't care about the project as much as he did .	PERSON wanted to build a treehouse for his kids . First he gathered all of the materials . Then he chose a location in a nearby tree . PERSON spent the weekend building the tree house . When he showed the kids , they were very happy .
flu season	It was the season of the flue . Everyone was getting sick . Luckily I had gotten a shot to prevent it . I was sneezed on but felt confident I would be ok . I woke up with a 102 fever , I guess it was n't effective .	PERSON was in the fifth grade . He had never missed a single day of school . While eating breakfast this morning he started feeling sick . He threw up in her cereal in front of everybody . PERSON was forced to go home immediately by the nurse .	Everyone at PERSON 's school had the flu . PERSON thought she was immune . So PERSON did not be cognizant . PERSON ended up getting it . She had to be out of school for a week .	PERSON is noticeably weak from an illness today . He has a fever , runny nose , and a dry cough . His mother gave him a bath to loosen up his congestion . The bath worked excellent to open his nasal passages . It also helped to reduce his fever and is sleeping well tonight .	PERSON was feeling great until she felt aches and pains . She decided to go to the doctor . The doctor told her she had the flu . As a result she had to be on bed rest for a week . Finally a week later she was all better .
PERSON plays guitar	PERSON wants to find something to do this afternoon . He decides to play his guitar for a while . PERSON plays three songs that he loves . After playing he feels much better . PERSON is glad that he found something to do .	PERSON has always wanted to learn how to play the guitar . He decides to start practicing . At first he finds it very difficult . However , eventually he improves . PERSON is glad to be learning the guitar .	PERSON was an amazing guitar player . He played songs for his friends after school . One day , he played his songs so loud his parents had to scold him . He was embarrassed for being so loud . From then on , he had to play quieter .	PERSON dreamed of becoming a guitar player . He decided to buy a guitar and start practicing . PERSON slowly became a better guitar player . He was committed to practicing . PERSON was happy to be closer to his dream .	Ophelia is feeling bored one day . She decides to spend some time playing guitar . PERSON plays guitar for about an hour . She feels better . She is happy that she no longer feels bored .
new kid at school	PERSON was nervous . She was about to be the new kid at school . She worried if she would make new friends . Thankfully she did . She kept them for a long time .	PERSON had just moved to town and was very nervous . She was worried about whether she would make any friends . At first it was difficult . But eventually she made a few friends . She was rather thankful for that .	PERSON was nervous to start her first day at a new school . As she entered the school building she felt uneasy . She was afraid she would n't make any friends . Thankfully a nice girl PERSON reached out and invited her to lunch . PERSON was happy to make a new friend .	Ally was the new kid at her school . She was very nervous . She got up very early in the morning to get ready . She made sure she had the perfect outfit and everything . Ally finally went out the door .	PERSON was new at school . She was afraid she would make no friends . But fortunately she made some the first day . PERSON was so happy . School was no longer intimidating .
pasta	PERSON wanted to replicate the pasta at the restaurant . She bought many things such as cheese and pasta and other sauces . She used recipes online as a reference . She started to make the pasta . PERSON realized the pasta was delicious but not a 100 % replication .	PERSON loved pasta . PERSON went to the LOCATION LOCATION to eat . PERSON especially loved the unlimited breadsticks . PERSON did not stop eating when he was full . PERSON stopped eating when he hated himself .	There was this Italian joint by my work that had the best pasta . I would go there at least three times a week . The best part was that it was cheap . A month ago they went out of business . I guess they should 've raised their prices .	PERSON loved pasta . He ate it all the time . He eventually tried to make his own . He practiced making it a lot . Now PERSON is an expert pasta maker .	PERSON wanted to make pasta for dinner . She set her noodles to boil . But she forgot to watch them ! By the time she remembered , it was too late . The noodles were overcooked and mushy .
PERSON 's coffee	PERSON was running late for work , but he was very thirsty . He wanted to get a coffee before his bus arrived . PERSON went into a coffee shop and waited in a long line . PERSON finally bought his coffee , but he missed his bus . PERSON got to work late that day , but he enjoyed his coffee .	PERSON ordered a big cup of coffee and sat down with a book . As he became engrossed in his book he forgot about the coffee . PERSON read for hours without looking up or drinking his coffee . When he stopped , he realized that his coffee had become cold . PERSON felt disappointed that his coffee was now cold .	PERSON needed his morning cup of coffee to function . His morning routine had been set for fifteen Year 's . One morning he opened the cupboard to find that he was out of coffee . This had never happened to PERSON before . PERSON went to work that day a groggy , under-caffeinated grump .	PERSON is an avid coffee drinker . When he woke up this morning , his coffee maker was broken . He remembered he had a starbucks gift card . PERSON waited in the drive-thru line for 15 minutes . He did not enjoy the coffee that he had bought .	PERSON 's morning could n't officially begin until he finished his coffee . It was his most valued ceremony of his day . He would stumble into the kitchen . He would fumble his way making a fresh pot . He would sip in silence , ready to tackle the day .
merry go round	PERSON was at the mall with her mom . They had put a merry go round in at the food court . PERSON really wanted to ride it . Her mother gave her a dollar so she could get on it . She picked a pink horse to ride .	PERSON watched the merry go round as she waited her turn . She could n't decide which animal she wanted to ride . The white horse with pink ribbons was beautiful . But the brown bunny was adorable . So she rode the ride twice to give each animal a try .	PERSON watched the merry go round as she waited to get on . She could n't decide what animal she would ride . She thought maybe the white horse with a pink saddle . But the bunny was adorable . She rode it twice so she could try out both of them !	PERSON could n't decide between the pink bunny and white horse . They were both so pretty . She picked the bunny for her merry go round ride . Then her mom surprised her with another ticket . So she got to ride the white horse , too !	PERSON watched the merry go round as she waited her turn . She wanted to ride the pink pony and the grey bunny . So she got on the ride twice . First she rode the bunny . Then she waited in line again to ride the pony .
baby names	PERSON 's mom was having a baby girl . He begged his mom and dad to name her LuLu . It was his very favorite name but they did n't sound convinced . It was an exciting day when his mom went to the hospital to have her . And when they told him her name was PERSON he was even happier .	PERSON was trying to come up with baby names for her baby . Every name she came up with , her husband disagreed on . PERSON asked him for a list of acceptable names . Together they reached a compromise . Now PERSON had a baby name they both liked .	PERSON always wanted to have a boy . He dreamed of naming him after himself . His wife did n't like that idea . They argued over it for a while . Eventually she gave in and they went with his choice .	PERSON 's mom was having a baby girl . He begged them to name her PERSON , which was his favorite name . They did n't seem to care for it as much as he did . So he was excited when he found out her middle name would be PERSON . He felt he could call her that if he wanted to !	A couple could n't agree what to name their baby . They opened a book and decided to use the first name they saw . The story was so entertaining they got distracted . At the end of the chapter they realized they did n't find a name . The couple started the next chapter and tried to pay more attention .
bus	PERSON was worried that he could n't get home to see his family . Because he had so little money he knew he could n't fly . Someone suggested he take a bus so he looked into it . He found out the bus was half the cost of an airplane ! Though it took a little longer , he could go see his family on the bus .	PERSON was starting first grade at a new school . She would have to take the bus . She was very nervous ! But then she met the kind driver and aide . They helped eased her nerves .	PERSON was late to catch her bus . She saw it around the corner and run after it . The driver did n't stop . PERSON threw her hands in the air in defeat . And the driver seeing her despair , stopped the bus to let her in .	I woke up late for school this morning . I brushed my teeth and hair and ran out to the bus stop . As I rounded the block corner , I saw the bus driving away . I started to walk to school . I was twenty minutes late and had to serve a detention .	The school bus drove by my house . I left to go to the store . I got stuck behind the school bus . The bus was very slow . It took me awhile to get to the store .
the carpet	PERSON was putting down carpet in his house . He measured the square area the floor he needed to cover . He went to the home furnishing store . PERSON bought the rolls of carpeting . He needed to borrow a truck to haul the carpet .	PERSON was holding up color swatches . She was putting new carpet in and did n't know what color would be best . She decided on a nice beige . As soon as it was installed , her kids ran around in muddy shoes . The carpet was ruined !	PERSON was a house flipper . He ripped the carpet out of his latest project . There were beautiful wood floors underneath it ! PERSON was thrilled . He got to work on restoring them .	PERSON had a new baby . She put the baby in her high chair . When she walked away , the baby spilled juice on the carpet . PERSON had to clean it up for half an hour . She learned to take the juice away before leaving the baby alone .	My wife and I decided to install new carpet . We were unable to agree on a color . When we were putting it in we argued the whole time . The project did not get done correctly . We had to call in professionals to install the carpet for us .
salesman	Yesterday someone knocked at my door . It was a person trying to sell knives . He wanted to demonstrate them to me . I was obviously uncomfortable letting in a stranger with knives . He continued to try as I shut the door .	PERSON was a salesman . He worked at an electronic store . One day he had customers who were unsure . He convinced them to buy . PERSON even convinced them to get an extended warranty .	The man rang the doorbell . The homeowner answered . The man tried to sell books . The homeowner shut the door on him . He moved on to the next house .	PERSON got a new job as the company inside sales person . PERSON had never made a sale over the telephone before . PERSON read several books on how to sell product over the phone . PERSON began to implement the techniques he learned from reading . Now PERSON is making several sales a day !	An unethical salesman went to sell things to a family . He used his talking techniques to make the family want his product . The family gave in and bought a lot of his product and wasted money . The salesman made a lot of money that day . He saved the money so he could buy himself a new sports car .
bet	Will and his roommate , PERSON , were having a debate . They disagreed about who would win the upcoming football game . They decided to make the situation interesting by betting ten bucks . Will and PERSON both watched the game with intensity and nervousness . Will 's team won , making him ten bucks richer !	PERSON was playing poker . He bet all of his money on this game . He was drunk and thought it would be smart . He ended up losing . He was a sore loser and left the game without paying .	PERSON made a bet with his mom . She bet he could n't eat veggies at every meal for a week . He accepted . But he could not stand eating all those veggies . His mom won the bet !	The man made a bet . He lost the bet . He only had money for one more bet . He bet it all . He lost all of his money .	PERSON 's friends were all betting on the upcoming football game . PERSON decided to bet , too . He wagered $ 20 on his favorite team . But they lost , and PERSON had to pay $ 20 ! He resolved not to bet any more !
sleepy	PERSON was feeling drowsy for some reason one day . He hurriedly finished the rest of his chores . Afterwards , he undressed and laid in his bed . He set his alarm for two hours later and fell asleep . But 20 minutes into his nap , the doorbell rang and woke him up .	PERSON was awake all night long . The next morning , he was very tired . PERSON decided to drive a car . He crashed his car while driving . PERSON is in the hospital .	I woke up way too early . I wanted nothing more than to go back to sleep . My back started hurting , and I could n't get comfortable . I rolled into every position imaginable . I finally gave up and got out of bed .	PERSON took a flight from LOCATION LOCATION to LOCATION . The flight was long with only one layover . He barely slept on the plane . He arrived in LOCATION . He was so sleepy that he got robbed on the Indian streets .	My wife has been tired this week . She has been staying up watching the Olympics . Then she had to get up early to get our car serviced . She wanted to sleep in today but her sister needed help . I told her she can sleep all day tomorrow .
allergies	PERSON started having an allergic reaction while out to eat ! We were n't sure what exactly she ate . She was allergic to quite a few things so it was difficult . We figured since it was n't a big reaction that she was fine . After we made it home her allergic reaction stopped and she was fine .	PERSON was running in the woods when he had an allergic reaction . He had to stop and walk because it was hard to breathe . He made it out of the woods to an office building . A security guard called an ambulance for him . After that PERSON always carried an Epipen .	I went to my cousins house for a party . Her dog tried to rest on me . After I tried to moved it away , I started to cough . The coughing continued until the end of the night . I had to take pills in order to heal the coughing .	PERSON 's allergies have been bothering him for a week . He has taken all the medication he can think of . PERSON decided to go to the doctor , and see if he can help . The doctor gave PERSON some medication . The medicine helped with PERSON 's allergies .	PERSON had dinner at her boyfriend 's parent 's house . All of a sudden she had trouble breathing . There were ground peanuts in the food . She had a peanut allergy . Fortunately she had an epipen with her so she was fine within minutes .
the murder	I heard there was a murder in the city last night . They have not caught the suspect yet . Everyone is really scared . You have to watch yourself these days . Crime has been up in the city recently .	PERSON was very scared . Someone had been murdered in his apartment building ! He kept checking to make sure his doors were locked . PERSON was terrified that he would be next . He quickly moved out of the complex .	PERSON was found murdered in his home . The police looked for answers for years . They could never solve the case . Finally , PERSON 's friend confessed to the murder . He wanted to clear his conscience before he died .	PERSON had a horrible relationship . One day , she was discovered dead . The police investigated and knew that it was a murder . They investigated for a month . Soon , her boyfriend was arrested for it .	PERSON was investigating a crime . It had been a horrible murder . PERSON carefully examined the crime scene . He saw a clue that broke the case wide open . PERSON had solved the murder !
missing cat	PERSON had been asking his parents for a cat for weeks . Finally , his parents told him they could get one kitten . PERSON and his parents found a cat online and picked it up . When they brought it back , PERSON took a nap with it . When PERSON woke up , the cat was nowhere to be found anywhere .	Once there was a cat named PERSON . He was adventurous and would often sneak out of the house . One day , PERSON went missing . His owner looked for him everywhere . Two weeks later , PERSON came back and they were happily reunited .	We had a cat when I was growing up . One day he escaped out of the window . We put up posters asking for tips . Someone called saying they had seen our cat in their yard . We went to their house and found the cat nearby .	The PERSON family could n't find their cat anywhere . They did n't think she could have gotten outside . They searched and searched , calling for her . The youngest son sat crying in front of the Christmas tree . The he noticed her sleeping high up in the tree !	I could not find my cat . I looked all over my house for him . When I could n't find him , I started crying . As I cried , something rubbed against my leg . It was my cat !
bad tattoo	PERSON needed to get her tattoo done . Her sister recommended a place . So trish decided to try it . But unfortunately they messed up . PERSON then had to get it removed .	PERSON really wanted a tattoo . His friends convinced him to get on on his arm . It was a painful process . When it was done , tom thought it was ugly . He later went to get it removed .	PERSON wanted a new tattoo . She decided to go get one . When she sat in the chair , she quivered . She was afraid they would mess up . Indeed they did .	Tim really wanted a tattoo . So he went and got one done . All of the sudden he screamed . Pain was very bad . When he looked down at his arm it was messed up .	PERSON really wanted to get a tattoo . She was debating about it . Finally she decided she wanted to get one after all . When she got on the seat , they started doing a bad job . The tattoo was so terrible PERSON wanted it to end .
rabbit	PERSON saw a rabbit in her yard . She wanted to keep it as a pet . She went outside with a big net . But the rabbit hopped away very quickly ! PERSON was unable to catch it .	PERSON turned the rabbit over the fire pit . He smelled the burning meat . He took a bite and was in bliss . He ate the eyeball next . The juices popped inside his mouth .	The man saw a rabbit . He was hungry . He chased the rabbit . The rabbit outran him . The man sat down in defeat .	I had a couple rabbits . We let one of them out in the yard . The dog had the rabbit in it 's mouth . There was fur missing on the rabbit 's neck . The rabbit died after that .	My daughter got a rabbit when she was seven . It was a white rabbit with black spots . She named it Spot . Spot died suddenly after a month . My daughter was very sad about losing Spot .
salad	PERSON was packing her husband a healthy lunch . She had grilled him a chicken breast to make a salad . But then she saw that their lettuce was soggy and unusable ! She spotted her fresh bag of spinach and decided to use that instead . PERSON 's husband loved his grilled chicken salad on a bed of spinach !	PERSON was at the mall . And he was going to buy a burger at the food court , like usual . But a new salad bar opened up . And he decided to try it out . It was so good that he did n't buy burgers anymore .	PERSON had never made a salad before but thought it would be easy . She washed the lettuce , tomatoes , and cucumber well . She chopped up the tomato and cucumber . The lettuce she tore by hand and put it all together in a large bowl . She forked out a good portion and covered it with ranch dressing .	PERSON knew she had to eat healthier . She decided to try eating more salads . She made chicken salads and fruit salads . She experimented quite a lot . And it worked - she loved them , and she got a lot of vitamins !	Sue decided to eat a salad every day for lunch . She packed her salads every night before bed . She started to see a difference in her clothes . She started to get tired of salads . Sue lost of her willpower and ate ice cream .
travel	PERSON wanted to travel internationally . PERSON bought a plane ticket to an exotic country . PERSON researched all of the local laws . PERSON was informed he needed special medical shots to travel there . PERSON went to the doctor and received the necessary medical shots .	PERSON has to go to cali . She has never taken a plane before . She was scared but asked everyone around her . She got on the plane . She went to cali .	PERSON loves to travel . She will read books to pick a destination . With the spot chosen the detailed planning begins . Everything is booked . The day arrives and the trip begins .	PERSON and PERSON decided to go on vacation to LOCATION . It was their first flight together . When sat on the plane , both got really nervous . During the flight everything was going great . They made it safely and enjoyed their vacation .	PERSON always got sick while travelling . Recently , PERSON heard of a product that could help with her sickness . PERSON talked about the product with her doctor . Surprisingly , PERSON was shocked to find that her doctor sold the item On her next trip , PERSON was happy to report that the product worked .
earthquake	PERSON was in her house with her friends having a party . The girls were having fun when PERSON felt something . She felt the house start to shake . The girls immediately took cover . The quake went away after a few seconds .	PERSON woke up suddenly . The ground was shaking ! PERSON hurried and ran for the doorway . Soon after the ground stopped shaking . That was the first earthquake PERSON has ever been in .	I left my house to go shopping . I showed up at the store and began to shop . While looking over items , I heard a loud crash . Suddenly , there was an earthquake while I was in the store . I waited for the earthquake to be over and then left .	PERSON woke up in the middle of the night because her bed was shaking . The pictures on her night stand were rattling . She was a bit confused by all this since she lives in LOCATION . There had been small earthquakes before but none like this . The next morning the news confirmed it was an earthquake .	I was in the 6th grade . A man had predicted a catastrophic earthquake . We were sitting in computer lab when it was supposed to happen . We all pretended we were not nervous . When the time passed , we all breathed a sigh of relief .
inspection	Thieves had stolen the pipes in PERSON 's empty house . She had to go a week without water . The inspector came to check the pipes . And the water was finally turned back on . She was happy to finally have water again .	My sister-in-law PERSON is a Section 8 holder . The housing authority inspected her apartment today . PERSON was working so I stayed in the apartment . The inspector said the circuit breaker panel needed to be replaced . PERSON was not amused .	PERSON 's car was due for an inspection . He was afraid it might not pass . He crossed his fingers as the mechanic went over the vehicle . Then he grinned as he was handed his new sticker . PERSON was so happy his car had passed inspection !	My sister in law 's apartment was inspected today . The circuit breaker panel has a gap and needs to be replaced . It presented a safety hazard according to the inspector . My sister in law was not there and wanted to know why they said that . She is a bit paranoid .	My sister-in-law 's apartment was inspected today . The circuit breaker panel needed to be replaced . They said the whole box might be replaced . Work would involve cutting a hole into the wall . My sister-in-law was not pleased .
the match	Two sportscasters were narrating a boxing match . One sportscaster , PERSON , said the man was hit in the breadbasket . The other sportscaster , PERSON , asked why he was holding bread . PERSON could not stop his broadcast to explain figure of speech . For the rest of the match PERSON was very confused .	The two teams were meeting in the finals . The match was going to be a very intense one . Each team gave their all . The red team won by one point . The spectators clapped and cheered .	Frank took one of each of his shoes to the clothing store . He held up each shoe to the shirts to match the colors . He found a matching shirt for each shirt . He then did the same things for pants . Frank tried on each outfit before he bought it .	PERSON had trained every evening after school . His coach pushed them all to work as hard as possible . They worked in synchronization with on another . Their efforts paid off in the championships . They won the final match 5-1 .	Tonight is the final match of the state wrestling tournament . I am going against the defending champion . I have been resting all day to save my energy for the match . When the match approaches I am sure I will get nervous . I really hope I am good enough to win the match .
gaming	PERSON likes to play video games . He is a very competitive person . When he gets a game he tries to be the very best at it . PERSON 's family wishes that he did not play so many games . PERSON often misses things because he would rather be playing games .	My mother teased me for playing too many videogames . I practiced competitive games with my friends . I entered a tournament with a lot of prize money . I earned $ 10,000 with my win in the tournament . My mother actually apologized to me for the teasing .	PERSON likes video games . He really wanted a new game . Everybody else also wanted the same new game . PERSON waited in line for a copy of the new game . He played the game for hours when he got home .	PERSON and his brother were invited to a PERSON PERSON party / The party was at Cody 's best friend PERSON 's house . They played PERSON PERSON all day and had a ton of fun . Once it got late at night they were forced to go to bed . In the morning they went home excited for the next game day .	PERSON loved playing video games . PERSON decided to become a video game developer . PERSON studied very hard in school and went to college . After graduating college PERSON was offered several jobs in gaming . PERSON selected his dream job and designed his own video game .
author	I was curious what is like to be a famous writer like PERSON PERSON . I wrote a story about my worst childhood memory . I studied how to put my writing in ebook form . I put story online for sale at two ninety nine a copy . I am now an Amazon dot com best selling author slash writer .	I wanted to be Amazon 's next best selling author . I wrote pages and pages of my life stories . I asked a teacher to edit my manuscript . I posted my ebook for sale online . I am not a best selling author but now I am a published author .	PERSON wanted to be a famous author . He sent in manuscripts to lots of publishers . Then one publisher sent him a letter . They loved his work and wanted to publish it ! PERSON was on his way to being a famous author !	PERSON loved writing poetry and wanted to be published . She entered her poems into contests , but never won . Still , she remained resolute and kept trying . Finally a small in location accepted a poem . PERSON was now officially a published writer !	PERSON loved reading . She wanted to be an author when she grew up . PERSON practiced writing every day . She took all the writing classes she could . She published her first book when she was twenty-two .
the hotel	We spent the night at a hotel last night . We were offered a free night in a promotion the hotel was having . I brought the kids with me . They had a big swimming pool . It was a nice little getaway .	The man was traveling on business . He checked into a hotel . He put his suitcase on the bed . Then he unpacked all his clothes . He realized he had forgotten his suits !	I was driving to LOCATION LOCATION for a vacation . On the way , my bank called me . Someone in LOCATION had my bank account number and was using it . I had to cancel my cards and run to withdraw everything . I had to carry around a lot of cash , but I enjoyed myself .	One day , PERSON 's mother said they would be staying at a hotel . PERSON had never been to a hotel before . He was very excited . When they arrived , PERSON and his mother ordered room service . It was delicious !	PERSON was vacationing in LOCATION . He booked a hotel located downtown . He flew into seattle and took a taxi to the hotel . But , the taxi got into a car accident . PERSON ended up in the hospital instead .
cell phone	I woke up yesterday and could not find my cell phone . I started looking all over the house for it . I finally found it where I had been sleeping . I picked it up and discovered the screen was broken . Now I need to go buy a new phone .	My cell phone bill is way too expensive . Currently it is over one hundred dollars a month . I have noticed many ads stating that they can cut my bill in half . My brother switch phone providers and has saved a lot of money . I think today I will switch to his provider too .	PERSON went out on the weekend . He kept drinking at every bar he went to . He ended up losing his cell phone . He retraced his steps and went to the last bar he went to . They had his phone .	PERSON ' cell phone was not operating correctly . He decided it was time to buy a new phone . He went shopping at the mall . He found several phones he liked . He bought one and was very happy with it .	The man signed up for a new cell phone plan . He got a new phone with the plan . He was not happy with the service . He cancelled the service early . He had to pay the full retail price of the phone as a penalty .
park	PERSON traveled to a large national park . And he was overwhelmed by its beauty . He wished he could stay all day . And he took pictures to remember the experience . When he went home , he happily looked at the pictures for hours .	PERSON hated her English class . She convinced PERSON to skip the class and go to the park . The girls sat on the swings staring at the school across the street . A truancy office confronted the girls about not being in class . The girls were escorted back to the school by the officer .	PERSON went for a walk . He walked to the park . There was a guy mowing the lawn . He waved at PERSON . PERSON waved back .	I thought I lost my hat at the park today . I spent a lot of time looking for it . I was just about to give up when I saw something far away . It was my hat , stuck in a bush ! I 'm really glad I found it .	Our granddaughter came to visit in October of 2014 . We walked across the street to the playground . She met a friend and played . Her mom took her on the slide . We had a fun time .
new watch	PERSON wanted to get a new watch . He asked around about which brand was best , and prices . He decided on a certain brand and headed to the store . I went with to keep him company and also help him look . He eventually found one and was extremely pleased with it !	I got a new watch for my birthday . I wore it everyday . One day it rained all over the watch . I was so sad because it stopped working . Fortunately , I got another watch for Christmas .	PERSON had just bought a new watch . He saved up a long time for it . He was wearing it on the Subway one day . A stranger ran up and snatched it away . He was crushed by the loss .	PERSON wanted to buy something for her hubby . She went to the department store . She looked around all over for something . She saw a really cool watch ! PERSON bought him the new watch !	My watch broke when I fell . I was very upset about it . My mom came home from work . She surprised me with a new watch . I put it on my wrist .
belt	Ivy needed a belt because her jeans were too big . But she did not own one and her mom 's were too small ! She asked her dad for some help . He made her a belt of rope from his garage . Ivy thought her new belt was functional and fashionable !	PERSON 's dad was abusive . He often beat PERSON with a belt . One day in gym class , his teacher saw the belt marks . He pulled PERSON aside and asked him some questions . Then he sent the police to arrest PERSON 's dad !	PERSON needed a belt for her outfit . But she found that she had outgrown all her own belts ! She went to her dad 's room and asked to borrow one . Her dad lent her a belt , and PERSON tried it on . To her relief , her dad 's belt fit perfectly .	The conveyor stopped working . The workers had to move boxes by hand . The workers hated this . The repairman came . He was greeted as a hero by the workers .	Nala was trying to lose weight . She gauged her progress by her favorite belt . Every month she slipped it into a smaller hole . Soon she was wearing her belt as tight as possible ! Nala was proud of her weight loss .
the bracelet	PERSON was walking around the neighborhood . She noticed her bracelet had fallen off ! She retraced her steps . She found the bracelet sitting on the sidewalk . She was so happy to have it back !	The girls loved making crafts . They learned to make friendship bracelets . They made dozens of them . They wore them proudly . They felt special with their bracelets on !	PERSON bought a bracelet . He did n't know who he should give it to . He could give it to his mom . He could give it to his sister . PERSON finally decided he would just keep the bracelet for himself .	I had a bracelet with a silver charm . One day while running , I fell and the bracelet broke . I looked and looked for the charm , but could n't find it . I gave up and thought it was lost forever . A week later , I found the silver charm on the ground .	PERSON 's favorite gift was a bracelet she got for graduation . She lost it one day while at the mall . She searched everywhere but could n't find it . She called security and asked if someone had turned it in . They had it waiting for her !
broken down	PERSON was having a hard time . He was struggling at work and home . His wife wanted a divorce . His boss was on the verge of firing him . PERSON had a mental breakdown because of it .	PERSON was n't very car savvy . His check engine light came on . PERSON kept driving anyway . After a while his car broke down completely . PERSON had to get it towed and fixed .	I was on the road driving home from work . Suddenly , I began to notice weird noises . My car began to stop working , and I pulled over off of the road . I called a tow truck company and they arrived shortly after . I then called my friend , and he gave me a ride back home .	PERSON was driving on a highway . Suddenly , his car began to stall and PERSON had to pull over . After investigating , PERSON realized his car was broken . PERSON picked up his phone and called for help . After an hour or so , a towing vehicle arrived to help PERSON .	PERSON was driving home from work late at night . But his car stopped working while in a dangerous part of town . A stranger offered him a ride home . But PERSON was too scared to go with the stranger . After waiting hours for a tow truck , he regret declining the ride .
car keys	I needed my car keys but could not find them . So I decided to search the house for them . I started on the north end of the house and worked south . I could not find them in the house so decided to look in my car . I walked out to my car and found the keys in the ignition .	PERSON was running late for work as usual . He could n't find his car keys anywhere . He called a friend to pick him up . He got the lunch he had packed out of the fridge . His car keys were on the refrigerator shelf .	I needed to get my hat from my car . I found my set of car keys . I took them to the car . I unlocked my car . I got my hat from my car .	PERSON is afraid of clowns . On Saturday Madison went to a carnival . There were clowns everywhere . PERSON was crying because she was scared . She and her friends left the carnival .	PERSON could not find his car keys . He looked all over the house for them . PERSON could not find his keys in his backpack . He started to panic since he was late for work . When he reached in his pockets , he found his keys .
bananas	PERSON needed some bananas . He went too the store . Got some bananas . He took them home . Enjoyed himself one .	PERSON wanted some fruit . She purchased some grapes , and some bananas . She ate the grapes and got full . She put the bananas on the table and forgot about them . Three days later there were fruit flies in the dining room .	PERSON was upset because her bananas were too ripe . She 'd purchased a bunch and then had n't eaten them in time . She really hated the thought of throwing away food ! Then she had an idea - she would bake a banana cake ! The overripe bananas made a very moist and delicious cake .	PERSON was very hungry . PERSON did not have much money . PERSON went to the local grocery store . PERSON saw that bananas were very inexpensive . PERSON bought many bananas , and was happy about it .	Ivy resolved to eat healthier , but then she balked . Fruit and fresh veggies were insanely expensive ! Then she saw that bananas were cheap and plentiful . Ivy mixed a banana into her smoothie every morning . She raised her potassium - and her spirits !
cleaning	PERSON was cleaning out her house . She had tons of unused clothes , trinkets , and other belongings . All the clutter was stored in multiple boxes . PERSON was n't sure what to do with everything . She decided she would donate them to charity .	PERSON was sick in bed . His grandmother came over to take care of him . She brought PERSON soup in bed and read stories . PERSON loved having grandma over . PERSON asked his grandma to live with him always .	PERSON decided she was going to keep her house cleaner . So , she dedicated a whole Saturday to cleaning every inch . She also tried hard to maintain the cleanliness during the week . After a month she decided it was too much work . PERSON decided hired a housecleaner .	PERSON was helping his dad clean the basement . They found a bunch of old baseball cards . PERSON 's dad said PERSON could have the cards . PERSON went and researched all the players on the cards . He started watching more baseball with his dad .	PERSON was cleaning the house and needed help . Her kids were downstairs playing video games . She only had two hours to finish cleaning before she had to go . PERSON asked her kids to stop playing and help clean . Her kids obeyed and they finished ahead of time .
lost kitten	PERSON 's kitten got lost when her brother left the door open . PERSON put up fliers all around the neighborhood . She spoke to everyone she saw to ask them about her kitten . Finally a neighbor down the street called PERSON 's number to say he had PERSON was ecstatic to see her kitten again .	PERSON got a new kitten the other day . PERSON loved this kitten . Unfortunately the kitten ended up lost . PERSON looked everywhere for the kitten . Finally she found the kitten in a tree .	PERSON was playing basketball outside . All of a sudden , he heard a meowing sound coming from the trash . PERSON found a tiny kitten in the trash . PERSON took the kitten home . The next day he took it to a vet to get the kitten examined .	I got a new kitten yesterday . She was the cutest thing . I played with her all day . I ended up losing her this morning though . But then I found her in my yard .	PERSON got a new kitten from the pet store . One day his kitten escaped from his house . He looked all over the neighbourhood for the kitten . He left food out on the porch to lure it back . That night he found the kitten eating the food on the porch .
english test	PERSON has an English test tomorrow . She has been studying all week . She decided to give studying a break tonight . When she got to school , she went blank on her test . She wished she had reviewed her notes .	PERSON has an English test tomorrow . He is not ready at all . He decided to pull an allnighter . When he got to school , he fell asleep . PERSON slept through his test and failed .	PERSON has an English test . He has not studied . He decided to pull an allnighter . When he got to school he was tired and nervous . He fell asleep during the test and failed .	PERSON has an English test tomorrow . He has not studied at all . He decided to pull an allnighter . When he got to school he was ready . PERSON made an A on his test .	PERSON has an English test tomorrow . He has not studied at all . He decided to go to a party instead . When PERSON got to his test , he tried his best . However , PERSON made a bad grade .
running away	PERSON was upset with his parents . He wanted to run away from home . He packed up some stuff and tried to sneak out . His parents caught him . PERSON got into even more trouble .	PERSON forgot to bring her cell phone with her . As a result , she tried to use a public telephone . A person was walking on the opposite side of the street . He was swaying back and forth without any emotion . PERSON was scared and she tried to run away from him .	PERSON was shopping with friends . All of a sudden a guard approached them . His friends ran away . PERSON did n't know they were stealing . PERSON did n't get in trouble because he did n't know .	My sister in law married an alcoholic . One day she could not take his actions , and left . She took her two kids and stayed in a hotel . She eventually ran out of money and came back . He died of a heart attack ten years later .	PERSON hated his home life . He decided to run away . He saved up money and packed secretly . He left his house and never went back . PERSON never spoke to his parents again .
the piano	Sue is trying to learn the piano . She signed up for some lessons . She went to her first one last week . She said it went really well . She is looking forward to her next lesson .	PERSON missed her parents very often . PERSON played songs on the piano they used to play for her . The piano in her home stayed with her as she got old . Her kids played it eventually , and continued after she died too . The piano was passed on to their children eventually as well .	PERSON 's kids wanted to be more musical . He bought them a piano . They started lessons and enjoyed them a lot . They practiced all year for their recital . They knew they would do great !	PERSON loved music . She wanted to learn how to play the piano . She took a few lessons and practiced a lot . Soon , she was good enough to perform . She gave her first recital in the spring .	PERSON has always wanted to learn how to play the piano . She bought one a while ago but never learned how to play . This summer she took private lessons with a professional . She also practiced every night by herself . Now PERSON can play the piano beautifully !
going to the beach	I wake up early today . I am excited to go to the beach . I drive for 2 hours . The drive is worth it . The water is beautiful and the sun feels nice .	PERSON walked to the beach . She walked through the sand until she was up to the surf . PERSON stepped into the water where it was almost to her knees . She tried to walk further where the water was above her chest . The waves splashed her back to the shore .	PERSON 's mom decided the family should go to the beach . PERSON loved the beach ! The family packed up toys , foods and towels . They arrived at their favorite sandy beach . PERSON grabbed her towel and ran towards the water .	Channel woke up in the morning , and decided to go the beach . She put on her bathing suit , packed a cooler , and grabbed a towel . She got in her car and drove a distance . Parking , and then walking to the beach . She placed her towel on the beach and enjoyed the wonderful day .	PERSON listened to the weather and heard it was going to be sunny . He thought the kids might like to go swimming . He gathered up the swimsuits , towels and sunscreen . PERSON and the kids got into the truck and drove to the beach . They spent the next 2 hours playing and splashing in the surf .
writer	PERSON had always dreamed of writing a novel . She started writing one the year she turned 30 . It took a lot of research and time to put it all together . Finally it was finished . PERSON 's dream came true when her book got published .	PERSON had been assigned an essay for English class . She feared she would get a terrible grade ! But she put in all her effort despite her lack of confidence . Then , after the teacher had read the essays , he pulled PERSON aside . To her shock , he said her essay had been the best in the class !	PERSON wanted to be a newspaper journalist . He tried out for the school paper , but they declined his membership . Then he decided to write on his own . He penned some articles , Xeroxed them and passed them out . His classmates all loved his well-written editorials !	PERSON wanted to become a writer . PERSON took a leave of absence from work to create a novel . PERSON stared at his blank computer screen , with major writer 's block . PERSON decided to just begin typing his thoughts as they occurred . PERSON wound up writing a Pulitzer Prize winning book !	PERSON was trying to write poems . As he rejected each one , he crumpled it up . Then he threw it at the wastebasket in his corner . Soon he had a whole pile of papers near there . PERSON was better at throwing paper than writing poems !
the thief	PERSON really wanted a new bike . He saw one in a garage and took it . The homeowner caught him . PERSON was arrested . PERSON was now known as a thief !	LOCATION was relaxing at the park . She saw a man rush past and steal a woman 's purse . The police arrived at the scene . PERSON walked over to the police . She gave a statement of what she saw happen .	A world renowned jewel thief had his eye on a new piece . The piece was put under the best security in the world . On his attempt to steal the piece a janitor walked by and saw him . After convincing the janitor to work with him the two stole the piece . After selling the piece the janitor turned the thief in and ran away .	PERSON pulled into his driveway and saw his garage door was open . Someone had broken in and stolen his tools ! PERSON called the police immediately . He was starting to feel very unsafe . The police suggested he get a security system .	PERSON decided to steal a police car . He stole a 1997 Ford police cruiser . Unfortunately , there was a GPS tracking device in the car . The police promptly found PERSON and arrested him . PERSON went to prison for three years .
the bus ride	PERSON 's class was going to the museum . All the other 5th graders were going as well . As PERSON waited to board the bus she saw PERSON the bully . PERSON stood in line scowling at LOCATION . PERSON had a bad feeling about this trip .	The kids boarded the bus . They were going to ride it to their field trip location . They 'd never been on a bus before ! They marveled at the tall seats and big windows . It was a bumpy , fun ride !	As a little boy , PERSON loved riding buses . One afternoon his mother took him on a bus ride . PERSON shook with the vibration of the bus and laughed . A guy flirted with his mother . But PERSON did n't care , he was having the ride of his life .	PERSON had never ridden the bus before . He thought it would be simple . It was but he was too nervous and made it harder . He wound up at the wrong spot . Eventually he gave up and called a cab .	PERSON was going to visit his grandfather in LOCATION This summer . He was nervous because this time he was catching the bus alone . The night before he could n't sleep worried he would get lost . On the way to the bus station his mom told him not to worry . PERSON started to feel excited for his new adventure .
nurse	PERSON went to nursing school . His instructor showed him how to give a shot . PERSON did not like giving the shot . Penny quit nursing school . He searched for a field of study with no needles .	Little Marina was turning 6 and had a birthday wish . She wished to be a nurse for her birthday ! Her mom worked at a nursing home and had an idea . She brought LOCATION in to read to the seniors on her birthday . Little Marina was a nurse for her birthday after all !	PERSON was a nurse . She helps a lot of patients per day and it 's very tiring . She deals with a lot of anxiety . She got an anxiety attack . She had to be helped in the same hospital she worked for .	PERSON wanted to be a nurse . After high school , she enrolled in a nursing program . She studied very hard . Soon she graduated from nursing school ! PERSON was so proud of herself .	PERSON was interested in a career in medicine . She studied hard in college in all of her courses . She graduated with a degree in nursing . PERSON searched for the perfect hospital to work at . Now , PERSON has her dream job as a nurse .
birthday party	PERSON had a birthday party . She was turning 21 . All of her friends came to the party . They had a really good time . PERSON was glad she was turning 21 .	Yesterday was my birthday . My friends all threw me a surprise party . When I showed up at my house all my friends were there with cake . It was so awesome to be surprised like that . The even got me some presents too .	PERSON was turning twenty-one . At work , he realized that PERSON had the same birthday . PERSON was n't having a party , but PERSON was . PERSON offered to make it a joint birthday party . Both PERSON and PERSON had a great time at their party .	Today is PERSON 's birthday party . We head to the store to get the cake . We go to get the balloons . Next we set everything up for the party . We are all set for friends to arrive .	I remember when we celebrated my 18th birthday it was so fun . I invited all my friends and they all attended . As i enter the stage i feel so beautiful and stunning . They made me feel that it was my big day . After the party , i opened all my gifts and i love them all .
oatmeal	PERSON woke up very hungry . She decided to make oatmeal for breakfast . She mixed all of the ingredients . PERSON ate the oatmeal very quickly . She felt full until lunch time .	Tim always had fruit loops in the morning . One day he ran out of his favorite cereal . He looked all over but could n't find any . PERSON finally broke down and started cooking oatmeal . He grimaced as he finished his breakfast then started his day .	PERSON was proud that she fed her kids oatmeal for breakfast . She promised her kids a treat at lunch for finishing their oatmeal . Each day , the kids left empty bowls of oatmeal in the sink . One day , the sink clogged and a plumber came over . He found the sinks clogged with weeks ' worth of oatmeal .	PERSON loved oatmeal . He would eat it whenever he could . He packed some oatmeal for school lunch one day . Once arriving at school , he could n't wait for lunchtime . PERSON was happy and full of his oatmeal by the end of lunch period .	I eat oatmeal every day . I used packets . I thought each packet used 2/3 of a cup of milk . Today I read the packets and found some take only half . I now know why my oatmeal is soupy sometimes .
binge	PERSON lost ten pounds for a wedding . Then she decided to celebrate her success with ice cream . A few snacks turned into weeks of eating everything in sight . Soon PERSON had gained all the weight back ! She was very disappointed in herself .	PERSON was in a really good mood . So he got lots of work and chores done . He rewarded himself with ice cream and cookies . But afterwards he felt jittery and nervous . PERSON ate more and more food until he felt terrible .	PERSON had n't lived near a big store for a long time . The first thing he did was buy a lot of ice cream . He binged out and ate it all in one sitting . PERSON felt very sick for days after that . He swore to have more self-discipline no matter how close a store was .	I was at the mall . And I was disappointed at the last meal I ate . So I ordered a Thai salad wrap somewhere . It was completely massive and stuffed with ingredients . I regret eating all of it .	On Netflix Andrew 's favorite show got new episodes . Andrew the next day got snacks . He was ready to binge watch the new season . He played the first episode and enjoyed it . He watched twenty-two episodes in one day .
the argument	PERSON had an argument with his mother . He did n't want to clean his room . He yelled at his mother for an hour . He then felt really bad . He decided to clean his room and apologize .	PERSON accused Crystal of stealing his money . He said he 'd left it on the dresser . She insisted she had n't taken it . He found it later in his pocket . He apologized for accusing her unfairly .	PERSON and her husband were not on good terms . They 'd had a horrible argument the week before . They did n't speak for days after that . PERSON told him that she wanted him to move out . That sparked another argument !	PERSON and PERSON were having a horrible argument . PERSON was angry that PERSON forgot to buy him beer . PERSON was angry that PERSON did n't clean up after himself . After a while , the couple decided to separate . Both were much happier apart .	PERSON and PERSON were having a loud argument in the laundromat . An old woman asked them to stop , but they ignored her . She showed them a picture of her husband and said he was dead now . She told them that he died before she could tell him she loved him . They were touched and quickly reconciled .
reading	When I was a kid I had a lot of free time . I used most of the time to read books . Looking back , I read so many pages . Now I do n't have any time to read books . However I plan to start reading more .	I wanted to find a new book to read . I asked my friend for a recommendation . He told me about an action thriller he read recently . I took his suggestion to heart and got the book . I 'm still reading it but it 's really good so far .	PERSON checked out 3 books from the library . She wanted to nothing but read . Her mother had a hard time getting her to go to school . In class PERSON could only think of her books . She had discovered a whole new world in the land of books .	PERSON was teaching adult literacy at the community center . On her first day she met a man named PERSON . PERSON had never read anything before . Soon she had him sounding out simple words . In under a month PERSON could read whole books by himself !	PERSON loved reading . She wanted her young daughter to love reading too . Instead , her daughter just ripped the pages from the books . One day , she caught her daughter looking through a picture book . PERSON was so happy !
the shoes	PERSON wanted a new pair of shoes . She begged her Grandma to buy the shoes . Her grandma said not today . PERSON gave her a wide-eyed look . Her grandma gave in and bought the shoes .	PERSON liked a pair of shoes at the shop . He did n't have any money to buy them . He had to figure out how to get some money and quickly . It was summer so he decided to mow lawns everyday after school . By the end of the week PERSON was able to buy the shoes .	PERSON was at the mall . He bought a new pair of shoes . He put them on once he got home . He paraded around in front of his friends . They all loved his new shoes .	PERSON and her grandma went to the mall . PERSON had only tennis shoes and it was too hot to wear them . PERSON tried on lots of sandals but saw none she liked . After an hour her grandma was tired and picked the shoes for her . PERSON rode home in silence upset she did n't get to pick her own shoes .	PERSON had an amazing closet . Her shoe collection was the envy of all of her friends . She bought seven more pairs of shoes this weekend . PERSON liked to go in her closet and try them all on . She could give up anything in her life , just not her shoes .
the flat tire	PERSON had been excited to ride her bike for a long time . She went to get it only to find a flat tire . She pestered her dad for a long time to fix it . At first he ignored her . Finally weeks later he got around to the bike .	PERSON was driving down the road . Suddenly , her front , left tire popped . So , PERSON pulled over to the side of the road . She quickly exchanged the broken tire with the spare from the trunk . Soon , PERSON was on her way again .	PERSON was driving down a bumpy country road . She hit a bump and got a flat tire ! And she had forgotten her cell phone at home ! She had instructions for how to change her tire . She was so proud when she managed to do it herself !	PERSON took the bus to school . She used the time on the bus to study for her exam . The bus got a flat tire on its route . PERSON was late for school and missed her exam . PERSON was happy to have an extra day to study .	PERSON was driving to work one day . Out of the blue her tire went flat . She pulled over and call triple A for assistance . The repairman arrived and changed the tire . PERSON happily thanked the repair man , and drove to work .
PERSON 's game	PERSON played football for his school . He and his teammates practiced for their big game . Their coach was very pleased with the team 's progress . They went to play the game . PERSON scored the last point and won the game .	PERSON loved playing volleyball . The night before a big game PERSON was so nervous she could n't sleep . When the big game started PERSON was very tired . She was so exhausted that she did not play very well . PERSON 's team ended up losing the game .	PERSON loves playing ball . All of her friends play too . PERSON has a big game tonight . she is nervous about it . PERSON wins the game .	PERSON wanted a new video game . He had no money to buy the game . He decided to mow lawns to earn the money . Soon , he was able to buy the game . It was the best game he ever played .	PERSON and his basketball team had a big game coming up They practiced very hard for several days before the game PERSON spent all his free time at home practicing free throws The day of the game came , and PERSON was very nervous PERSON and his team played very hard and won the game
broken promises	PERSON felt her boyfriend broke too many promises . She tried to tell him her feelings . He played it off and said it was n't so . PERSON felt he kept breaking more promises . So kate wound up breaking up with him .	PERSON was going to his son 's little league game . He promised he would n't miss this one . Unfortunately on the way there he got into a car crash . PERSON died on the way to the hospital . His son was devastated about the broken promise for several reasons .	PERSON and PERSON loved each other , but were with different people . PERSON broke up with her boyfriend , but PERSON was engaged . One night they could n't resist and finally hooked up . PERSON felt dreadful and told his fiance about the incident . The bride broke the engagement and ended their relationship .	PERSON 's girlfriend had a habit of lying . She would make promises she did n't intend to keep . PERSON was fed up with it . PERSON 's girlfriend broke one last promise . He dumped her on the spot .	Little Jimmy had waited enough . There were still miles of kids in front of him to meet LOCATION . PERSON marched forward and walked straight up to LOCATION . He demanded that Santa make his brother walk again . LOCATION took PERSON aside and promised him some candy .
wrong way	For years , I thought I knew how to use chopsticks . But when I watched a tutorial , I learned I was wrong . I tried practicing using chop sticks the correct way . It was difficult at first . But the correct way was more useful in the end .	PERSON got in the car with PERSON and headed down the street . They both had been drinking heavily . PERSON noticed they were going the wrong way down a one way street . PERSON hit a u-turn without looking were she was and hit a pole . PERSON smacked his head into the windshield and broke the rear view .	PERSON was on vacation . His GPS stopped working . PERSON kept driving thinking he was going the right way . After a couple of hours PERSON realized his mistake . He had to turn around and drive all the way back .	PERSON drove a taxi cab . He was called to pick up a passenger at the theatre . When he got there , no one was waiting . PERSON called the dispatcher . He was at the wrong theatre !	PERSON was in an unfamiliar neighborhood . He was driving around looking for a restaurant . He took a wrong turn on a one way street . PERSON realized as another car came toward him . He moved out onto a side street at the last minute .
new game	A boy received a new game from his parents . He sat down to play it immediately . It was totally immersive and he spent many hours on it . In fact , he missed some work shifts because of it and was fired . The boy stopped playing games entirely after that incident .	PERSON 's soccer team was tied with opposing team last game . As a result , the teams were forced to play again . This time PERSON 's team won . They each got gold trophies . PERSON and her team cheered .	PERSON wanted to buy a brand new video game . He did n't have enough money to buy it , though . He spent the next month collecting cans . He turned the cans in for cash . He went out and bought the game .	I was very excited about a new game coming out . It was going to be out in a few weeks so I was very excited . I nearly could n't wait for the game ! After school I picked it up right away from the store . I really enjoyed playing it and was so satisfied .	PERSON loved playing solitaire . She played everyday . She always won . Yet today when she tried playing , she could n't win . PERSON started a new game .
freedom	There was a hurricane warning inside of the school . The security guards told all of the classmates to stand still . All of us were in the cafeteria and could n't get out . A few hours later , the hurricane watch was called off . All of us ran outside in a happy manner .	PERSON lived with a roommate who stole from him . PERSON knew he had to kick him out but was afraid . One day PERSON was missing 35 dollars from his dresser . PERSON confronted his roommate and told him to leave . PERSON 's life has been better since he freed himself of his roommate .	PERSON was born in LOCATION LOCATION and never had parents . She spent five years in an overcrowded orphanage . Then she was adopted by a wealthy European couple . They showered her with gifts and love . PERSON is sure she 's now the happiest child in the world !	PERSON closed down his laptop after finally typing the last word . He stretched for a long time , massaging aches and pains away . Finally , he pushed away from the desk , his old steady companion . Smiling to himself , he realized he was a free man . The book was finished he thought as he walked out of the room .	The bumble trapped in LOCATION 's net seemed upset . At least PERSON 's assumed that 's what all the buzzing was about . Bees are good for making honey PERSON 's determined . PERSON 's carefully turned the net inside out . The bee flew out of the net to freedom .
new clothes	PERSON needed a new pair of pants for work . She did n't have a lot of money , so she went to a thrift store . She could n't find any pants there in her size . There was a pair that was a size too small , so she bought them . PERSON was uncomfortable the first day of her new job .	PERSON needed clothes for his history presentation . He went into the store looking for a purple shirt . PERSON only saw one purple shirt that he really wanted . He tried the shirt on in the dressing room . The shirt was three sizes too small .	PERSON and PERSON were shopping for clothes at the mall . But PERSON wanted to go into a store that sold goth clothes . PERSON began to feel uncomfortable inside the store . And she felt strange when PERSON brought goth clothing items . PERSON thought PERSON was too weird to hang around with anymore .	PERSON was middle aged and over the last few years had gained weight . She always struggled with going on diets that did not work . PERSON 's friend gave her a gift card for her birthday . She went to the mall and bought some new clothes that fit her well . PERSON felt great in her new clothes despite her weight .	PERSON was cleaning her closet last week . She noticed she had almost no new clothes . It made her sad . She felt poor and worthless . She closed the closet door rather than finish cleaning .
loud neighbors	PERSON had neighbors who played loud music all day long . She tried to talk to them but they were obnoxious . She also tried to talk to the apartment manager without success . As there was n't much she could do , she stopped struggling . A month later , the neighbors moved and she was relieved .	PERSON had annoying neighbors . They would always play loud music late at night . He asked them to stop several occasions . They never really paid attention . Finally PERSON decided to call the police on them .	PERSON 's upstairs neighbors were really loud . He tried banging on the roof . They did n't care and continued being loud . PERSON went up to ask them to stop . They did n't care that time either .	Our neighbors are very noisy and loud . They ignore our requests to quiet down . At 4 o'clock in the am they were still obnoxiously loud . We decided to call the cops . The police got them to quiet down for the night .	PERSON was trying to sleep on a weeknight . The neighbors upstairs kept making noise . They were playing loud videogames . PERSON went up and asked them to turn it down . The neighbors apologized and obliged .
father and son	PERSON 's dad was disappointed when his son tried out for choir . He wanted his son to play football , instead . PERSON did n't tell his dad he was given a solo for the choir concert . Afterward , everyone was talking about PERSON 's great performance . PERSON 's dad overheard the raves and felt ashamed of himself .	PERSON 's son , PERSON , loves to paint his nails . PERSON wants PERSON to feel comfortable being himself . So PERSON took his son to the nail salon . He let PERSON pick a color for him . They got their nails done together .	PERSON and his father always went to the opening game together . They loved the Chiefs and never missed a game in 20 years . PERSON had a baby one year and they started taking him to the games . Eventually the baby grew up and the old man died . So PERSON continued the tradition with his son for over two decades .	PERSON asked his dad to help him make a kite from a kit . He told his father he was unable to make it alone . His dad agreed to help on the weekend . They spent 2 hours on Saturday making the kite . PERSON was very pleased with the way the kite turned out .	My dad took me to a basketball game when I was little . He taught me everything about the sport in one night . He showed me all the different positions and how to win a game . He played a big part in my love for the sport . I 'm an adult now and I hope to do the same one day with my son .
the secret	PERSON knew a secret about his friend . He knew that the friend was adopted , but the friend did n't know . PERSON avoided his friend because he did n't want to slip up . One day , he had too much beer and he told his friend what he knew . PERSON never forgave himself .	Rally 's girlfriend was receiving texts at odd times . Rally was worried and curious . While she was in the shower , he went through her phone . He felt like the biggest idiot . She had been planning a surprise birthday party for him .	PERSON knew her husband was hiding something . She confronted him about the secret he was keeping . He refused to tell her . The next day , she found a gift on her pillow when she woke up . He had surprised her with a diamond ring !	PERSON was drunk at a party . He told a friend a dark secret . The friend promised never to tell . Within weeks everyone knew . PERSON had to stop talking to his friends .	PERSON knew a secret about his friend 's boyfriend . It was n't good . He was contemplating how to bring it up to her . He did n't like situations like this . PERSON disregarded his feelings for his friend 's feelings .
laptop	PERSON wanted to purchase a new computer . PERSON spent a lot of time on his computer . PERSON wanted to upgrade his machine . PERSON researched many different types of computers . PERSON found a great one and purchased it .	PERSON used his laptop everyday for work . PERSON loved his computer . One day PERSON was careless and spilled water all over his computer . PERSON cried . PERSON fried the machine and had to throw it away .	PERSON was working at an internet cafe . He was drinking tea . He had to use the toilet . He brought his laptop with him to the bathroom for safekeeping . He felt smart and safe for doing this .	PERSON and Sue were dorm mates and enemies . PERSON was working on an important assignment on her laptop . PERSON had n't realized the battery was n't in the laptop . Sue intentionally tripped over the cord pulling it from the wall . PERSON was horrified when she realized she lost all her hard work .	All PERSON 's friends had laptops . She wanted one , but could n't afford it . Then on her first day of senior year , her dad gave her a gift . He had saved all summer to buy her a laptop ! PERSON was so happy she almost cried .
the boyfriend	I met Sue 's boyfriend last night . He was a really nice guy . We actually had a lot in common . He was telling me a lot of funny stories . He really is a great guy .	PERSON just started dating a guy . They had no title yet . He finally decided to make it official . They became serious . She introduced him to her friends as her boyfriend .	My roommate met a great guy with lots of romance . He loved her and they had a good time together . He was on disability but somehow made ends meet . She was suspicious and started checking his messages . He was scamming people looking for sex on craigslist for money .	PERSON wanted her best friend 's boyfriend . She decided to bring him cookies . She got dressed up and went to his house . When she rang the doorbell , PERSON 's friend answered . PERSON turned red and ran away .	In 6th grade I had a boyfriend I liked very much . I went out of town on a family vacation . While I was gone , I bought him a nice souvenir with my own money . When I got back , I found out he did n't like me any more . I kept the souvenir for myself .
boot camp	I dropped out of college and decided to join the Marine Corps . I got a medical checkup and was then ready to go to boot camp . Boot camp was hard and the drill instructors yelled at us constantly . The experience challenged me both mentally and physically . At the end of boot camp I was proud to have become a Marine .	PERSON was a new recruit in the Army . She arrived in LOCATION LOCATION on a warm sunny day . She did n't realize they would get to work right away . She was forced to hike 10 miles in the heat with a heavy load . PERSON lay in her bunk afterwards absolutely exhausted .	Rocky decided to join the Marines . At boot camp he exercised hard every day . Rocky also ate healthier food than he did back home . As a result , Rocky lost a lot of weight at boot camp . When he went back home , many friends did n't recognize him .	PERSON thought about joining the Army . Then he went to pre-enlistment boot camp . It was terrible there ! PERSON was glad he 'd had that experience . He decided the Army was n't for him after all .	I just go through with swearing in at meps . We were taken to the airport by bus . We then travel to LOCATION to Navy bootcamp . We were then introduce to our RDC -LRB- drill instructors -RRB- . The RDC told us `` welcome to bootcamp '' as they laugh .
fair	The family went to the fare . They saw a goat . The girl wanted to pet it . The dad asked for permission . Permission was denied to pet the goat .	PERSON decided to go to the fair . She walked up to the booth to buy tickets . They only took cash . She did n't have any cash , only a debit card . PERSON had to go to the ATM .	PERSON was at the fairgrounds . She was eating a lot of food including sweets and burgers . She started to feel odd getting onto the ferris wheel . Her worst nightmare happened . She threw up all over the people down below !	Today I am going to the fair . I plan on riding every single ride at least twice . When I finally arrived , I ran straight to my favorite ride . I hopped in line , and anxiously awaited the fun . When my turn came , I strapped myself into the ride and the fun began .	Kia went to the fair with her parents . She was twelve and thought she would be bored . But she ended up very surprised . The animals , rides , and games thrilled her . Kia actually had a great time !
scary sounds	PERSON moved into a new apartment . He heard scary sounds at night . He tried to find out where they came from . Tim looked everywhere . He never figured it out .	Carol woke up in the middle of the night . A loud noise jolted her awake . She went to investigate . She noticed a cat had dropped a potted plant . It broke and made the cat screech .	PERSON moved into a new apartment . She kept hearing scary sounds . She was scared it might be a ghost or something scary . One day she followed the sounds to an old pipe . A plumber fixed the problem and the sounds went away .	PERSON was about to meet her friend one night . She planned on walking the short way to be their quickly . Suddenly she heard terrifying sounds coming from that way . She decided to turn around and go the other way . It took longer , but was much less scary .	PERSON moved into an old apartment . She kept hearing strange noises at night . It scared her often . Eventually PERSON realized it was the old plumbing . It helped lessen her fears a bit .
PERSON 2	When she was three years old , we took PERSON trick or treating . She was dressed as a witch . She was very small for her age , so it did n't fit well . We tried to get her to say trick or treat . Every door that opened got told happy birthday instead .	When my dad found out about PERSON , he invited him over . PERSON had been a friend of my brother 's for years . When he got there , my dad told him we would never date each other . PERSON said it was like a punch in the gut . Later , he said he knew I did n't love him and was too young .	After the movie , we stopped at a restaurant . It was a buffet place . PERSON filled his plate 3 times and kept going . Afterward , he wanted to stop for ice cream . On the way home , he stopped at the gas station and bought popcorn .	PERSON stayed with us another night as well . That night we played hide and seek . My brother and I ran into our parent 's bedroom . We decided to wear each other 's clothes to trick him . My brother wore my dress , and I wore his jeans and shirt .	PERSON was a very large cat . He was willing to eat anything , even salsa . One day I was baking potatoes . I left the kitchen and when I returned , there he was . He was frozen on the counter with a potato in his mouth .
my car	I 've been begging my parents for a car since I was 12 . I wanted a Mercedes Benz , or a Range Rover , or even a Honda Civic . When I turned 16 , my mother said she had a surprise for me . She drove me to the mechanic and showed me my new car . It was a 1980 beat up truck , and it was a dream come true .	My car has started to make some noises . I have no idea where it is coming from . I made an appointment for it to be looked at tomorrow . I hope it is not too expensive . I can not afford it .	This morning i left my house and got in my car . I turned the key but it would not start . I asked my neighbor to come over and give me a jump start . He brought his car and hooked up the cables . My car started right up and i got on my way .	PERSON hated snow even though she lived in LOCATION . And outside the snow was falling hard . Snow was piled high atop her car . PERSON could barely see her white car . All she could see where the black tires .	My car is a total mess . I have not cleaned it since our vacation . The kids made quite a mess in there . I am sure there is food and crumbs everywhere . I am not excited to begin .
PERSON moves to LOCATION	PERSON loved cold weather . She lived in LOCATION where the weather was not cold . PERSON looked for jobs in LOCATION where the weather was very cold . After a while , she accepted a job in LOCATION and moved there . PERSON was able to enjoy the cold much of the year in LOCATION .	PERSON decides that he can no longer afford the expensive rent in LOCATION . He begins to research nearby places that have cheaper rent . Finally PERSON finds a nice apartment in LOCATION with reasonable rent . With help from many friends , PERSON moves to LOCATION . Now that he lives in LOCATION Tom saves hundreds of dollars per month .	PERSON has always wanted to live somewhere warmer . He decides to move to LOCATION . Once he gets there he loves the weather . He wears shorts almost every day . PERSON is happy he moved somewhere warm .	PERSON decided she wanted to move to LOCATION . She packed up her bags and drove there . In LOCATION she moved into a small apartment of her own . She loved living there . PERSON was happy to move to LOCATION .	PERSON notices that many of his friends have moved out of LOCATION . He decides that he wants to move as well . After weeks of research , PERSON finds a nice apartment in LOCATION . He moves his stuff into his new apartment . Finally PERSON has joined his friends in leaving LOCATION .
learning	PERSON did not like to learn . PERSON found that learning was boring . One day , PERSON discovered she had a natural talent . PERSON used her talent to build a career . PERSON never had to learn anything in her life !	Chase does not know how to write his name . His mother wrote his name out for him to copy . PERSON spent many hours practicing his letters . Finally he was able to write his name . His mother bought him a toy as a reward .	A man desired to learn about many things . He decided to look at the best performers in their fields . He studied their works and lives . He learned a lot . He put into practice what he learned and changed his life .	PERSON thought LOCATION was the best country and hated all others ! Then his class did a unit on global governments and cultures . PERSON learned a lot . He realized that he could love his country and still like others . PERSON learned a lot about respecting different cultures !	PERSON decided to learn French before a trip to LOCATION . He ordered lesson books way before he had to leave . Every night he worked hard at learning the language . Sometimes he would work on it all night long . His hard work paid off and he was fluent in French when he got there .
hot	The weather in LOCATION was cool this morning . The temperature was in the 60s . Even at 2 pm , the temperature was only 75 . I was surprised when my wife came home and turned on the ac . The temperature had risen to 88 and it was very humid outside .	My grandmother turned off the air conditioner . She thought it was cold . It was almost 90 degrees . Everyone else was sweating . They turned on a fan .	It was so hot outside this morning . My dog came in panting very hard . She was so exhausted she had to lie down . She drank an entire bowl of water . Then she asked for some food .	PERSON found out on the news about a heat wave coming during the weekend . PERSON wanted to get an air conditioner for his house . So PERSON went to the store and bought one . He got it installed . PERSON was cool during the heat wave .	The house was very cold , so I turned on the heater . The smell was acrid as the heat spread through our home . That night , I woke up in a sweat . I ran to turn down the heater . I got back in bed and laid there until I was comfortable enough .
vet	I called the vet to schedule an appointment . They said they could fit her in right away . We got in the car and drove to the office . They took her temperature . They said she had an ear infection , and prescribed antibiotics .	One day , PERSON 's dog was sick . He had to take him to the vet . Once he got there , he filled out a lot of paperwork and waited . Eventually , the vet saw his dog and prescribed some medicine . Thankfully , the dog got better soon !	PERSON love animals . She had many pets and liked to take care of them . When she went to college she needed to pick a major . PERSON did a lot of research . She decided she wanted to be a veterinarian .	He took the cat to the vet . The vet called it sick . The man got some medicine . The cat took the medicine . The cat got better .	After coming in from outside one of my dogs was very sick . He was constantly coughing and I felt really bad . I tried waiting a few days to take him to the vet to see how he was . He started coughing more and more so I took him to the vet . The vet diagnosed him and gave him some medication as well .
special delivery	PERSON got his first car for his 16th birthday . It was decided he would work a part time job . He needed his own money for things like gas and insurance . The very first job he applied to he got . He ended up delivering pizzas and had a blast .	PERSON went to the mailbox to fetch the day 's mail . He opened the box and took out some letters . Suddenly a swarm of wasps came out of the mailbox . PERSON dropped the mail and fled the scene . He ran inside without the mail and shut the door behind him .	PERSON 's pregnant wife called him while he was at work . PERSON rushed out from behind his desk telling his boss he had to go . PERSON sped across the parking peeling rubber behind him . He must have driven through every red light . PERSON made it to the hospital just in time to see his son 's birth .	PERSON sat on his front porch and let out a sigh . He had been waiting for twenty minutes already . Soon , a white vehicle pulled up to his house . The mailman got out of his car and carried a large brown box . PERSON excitedly ran forward to receive his package .	PERSON was expecting a baby . She wanted PERSON , her husband , to be present at the delivery . PERSON was hesitant , but he finally agreed to be at the delivery . PERSON was a proud to be there with PERSON when his daughter was born . PERSON passed out when the doctor asked him to cut the cord .
my friend PERSON	I had a friend named PERSON . He liked to eat ice cream . He would eat it so fast that he would get a headache . PERSON did n't like headaches . PERSON started eating slower .	PERSON was born with a speech impediment , he could n't speak properly . When he got older , he went through speech therapy . The therapy did n't help , but we started playing baseball together . Soon enough , he was calling out base runs with no lisp ! Being involved in the game distracted his brain and helped him .	I met this little boy in the third grade . His name was billy . PERSON and i fought the first day of school . Two weeks later we became first friends . From the third grade to adult we are still best friends .	PERSON had been stuck at home for ten years because of leg problems . One day he found a chat program on the internet . He met a woman named PERSON . They became friends and she flew to LOCATION to meet him . They are now married .	My friend 's name is PERSON . She is very pretty . She liked to hang out with a lot of people . She started hanging out with my boyfriend . Same and I are no longer friends .
shrimp	PERSON was making a seafood-themed dinner . He cooked mahi mahi and potatoes . Then he remembered he needed an appetizer . He decided to make shrimp and cocktail sauce . His appetizer was perfect to fit his themed dinner !	When I was a kid , I hated seafood . My dad made me eat some boxed shrimp for dinner . On the first piece I threw it up . I got beaten for wasting food . I then forced myself to eat the rest .	I was preparing dinner . I decided to add some shrimp to the meal . Alas , the shrimp did not cook completely . I made all the dinner guests sick with food poisoning . One of the guests sued me and I lost in court .	Ada had tried shrimp once and hated it . But her dad urged her to try it again , with cocktail sauce . She reluctantly agreed to try it . But when she dipped her shrimp in the sauce and tasted , she smiled . The cocktail sauce actually made Ada enjoy the shrimp !	PERSON wanted to make dinner for her girlfriend 's birthday . PERSON 's girlfriend loved to eat shrimp . PERSON went to work peeling the shrimp and cooking them . It was a lot of work , but the shrimp turned out delicious . PERSON was happy to do so much work for her beloved .
dead battery	PERSON was trying to make a call . His battery died . PERSON tried to find a power outlet to charge . No restaurants let him use their outlets . PERSON wished that cities still had pay phones .	PERSON 's car would n't start . It was a dead battery . A nice man stopped to help . He was able to charge the battery with his car . PERSON was able to drive the car from the store .	When I tried to leave , my car would n't start . I had jumper cables with me in the car . I just needed someone 's help to start the car . Before I knew it someone had stopped to help . We were able to jump-start the car without a problem .	PERSON planned to wait in the car as her husband worked a late shift . She brought a book to pass the time . PERSON turned on the overhead light and read until the light dimmed . PERSON realized she had drained the car battery . She turned off the light and pretended to be sleeping .	PERSON never worried about his phone 's battery status . Being unemployed , he was trying to find a good job . While out with friends , his phone died , as usual . A potential employer called before PERSON bothered to charge his phone . Jeff now understands the value of keeping a charged phone .
joy	Joy could not decide on a Christmas gift for her boyfriend . She had very little money . Then she thought of a low-cost gift he would enjoy . She baked him a tray of homemade Christmas cookies . Her boyfriend loved the gift !	We got on the plane feeling happy . We sat in our seats beside each other . We were both very nervous about flying . We were scared during the turbulence . Neither of us admitted to our fears until we landed safely .	I feel joy when I do whatever I am passionate about . I found one of my passions , poker , when I was much younger . I was playing with friends while bored at college . I was instantly hooked on its puzzle solving components . I got very far in my first poker game with those friends .	PERSON was a deep thinker . He thought about what is most important in life . He determined that joy was most important . He decided to build his life around joy . He lived a joyous life and was very happy .	The man felt joy . He searched for the source of the joy . The joy went away . The man waited for the joy to return . He just enjoyed it the next time .
burn	The man worked in the sun . He took off his shirt . His back had not been in the sun for a long time . The sun burnt his back . The sunburn caused the man misery .	PERSON was making stir fry . Her forearm got a bad burn . She applied antibiotic cream to it . Then she covered it for a few days . Soon PERSON 's burn looked much better !	Nic was lighting off fireworks one Fourth of July . But it was his first time and he was nervous . He managed to accidentally burn the tip of his thumb ! But Nic had heard far more serious horror stories . He was relieved that his injury was n't worse .	PERSON laid out in the sun . She wanted a deep tan . She decided to doze off for a few hours . When she woke , she was badly burned . She had forgotten to apply sunscreen !	My kettle started to shoot steam into the air . I tried to take off the stove before removing the kettle . All of a sudden , the top of the kettle popped off . All of the pressurized air moved towards my hand . I ended up getting burned .
paper	PERSON had a research paper due in a week . But he procrastinated the paper all semester . He decided to work on the paper as much as he could all week . But he ended up procrastinating that too . Thankfully , his teacher allowed him more time to finish .	PERSON procrastinated hard on a paper for school . The night before it was due , he had to stay up to finish . He got almost no sleep , but he turned the paper in on time . When grades came back , he found out he had done poorly on the paper . Now he plans ahead and does n't procrastinate anymore .	PERSON forgot about his paper tomorrow . He asked his friend for help . His friend did n't listen . PERSON tried to write it quick . He printed it just in time .	PERSON was an artist . He wanted to make a unique work of art . He decided to learn about paper mache . He studied it . He created paper mache works of art .	Raven has a long paper to do . This was for her college writing class . She procrastinated really badly . She pulled an all nighter to finish it . She handed it in the next day .
the big game	PERSON was a great basketball player . His team had a big game coming up and he was nervous . PERSON practiced free throw shots for days . The day of the big game was here and he was ready . He stood at the hoop , shot the ball , and won the game !	PERSON was a big baseball fan . There was a big game coming up soon . Unfortunately he had to work . PERSON decided to lie and say he was sick . He went to the game and had a great time .	It was the last game of the playoffs . PERSON 's football team was tied with their rivals . They would go into the tournament if they won here . They did not win the game . PERSON 's team had a pizza party anyway and PERSON did n't mind losing much .	PERSON and PERSON both claimed they were the best basketball player . One day they decided to find out who was better . PERSON loved to brag , but PERSON was focused on the game . Eventually PERSON beat PERSON by 1 point . PERSON learned that day to focus on the game , not on bragging .	PERSON 's television stopped working today . PERSON really wanted to watch basketball tonight . But he really does n't have the money to buy a new TV . PERSON called his brother to see if he could come over to watch the game . PERSON 's brother told him to come over and bring snacks .
boss	PERSON is my boss and she is very good at her job . She is always pushing me to take on more and more . Sometimes she frustrates me and I have to complain to her . She simply tells me it 's for my own good and she 's making me stronger . I should listen to her more because she has promoted me twice .	PERSON was a manager at a paper company . Sometimes he would walk around the cubicles and talk to people . This annoyed his employees , but they never said a word to him . One day , PERSON decided he wanted everybody 's attention . In order to get it , he pretended to fire the receptionist .	My boss wanted me to work overtime . I refused . She said I would have to work overtime or pass up a promotion . In response , I told her to go jump off of a building . She fired me on the spot .	PERSON was a really hard worker at her job . She usually got everything finished in record time . Once she was sick , but went to work anyway . She did n't work very hard that day . She got in trouble with her boss for not finishing her work .	PERSON was getting a new boss at work . She and her coworkers were afraid . What if she was mean ? But she turned out to be kinder than the old boss ! All the employees loved their new boss !
field day	The teacher escorted the class out of the building . We approached the front of school . I was blinded by the amount of tents and activities set up . My teacher continued to direct us . We ended up in a green tent with several tables with food .	PERSON and PERSON were excited for field day at school . They were going to be on different teams . PERSON was on the red team and PERSON was on the blue team . They had many different sporting events at field day . Both boys slept well that night !	The Principal told all of the students to group together . He announced the beginning of a painting fight . Several buckets of paint were near them . All of the kids threw paint at each other . Their clothes and skin were stained with colorful paint .	PERSON 's favorite part of field day was the snowcones . But he had to participate in some events too . He chose dodgeball thinking he 'd get out fast and be able to relax . Much to his surprise he was good at it ! He ended up coming in second place .	It was field day at PERSON 's school . He was n't very athletic , so he was n't looking forward to it . He and his friend PERSON were matched up for the three legged race . That 's the one thing they had been practicing together for weeks . The other kids were surprised when he and PERSON won .
store	PERSON worked at a store . He was covering someone else 's shift . He worked for 8 hours . He was so excited to leave , He went to the bar after	One time While PERSON was working a dog ran into the store . The customers in the store were all very surprised . They dog ran around the store while PERSON and other employee chased it . Finally PERSON caught the dog and it was brought to the service desk . The owner was found and took the dog out of the store .	We lived above a candy store in LOCATION in 1960 . One day the owner died and the store was abandoned . A kid climbed into the window and opened the door . The kids took all the candy . The store was boarded up later , and never reopened .	PERSON visited a local store . He looked over what they sold briefly . He could n't find anything he was interested in buying . After a little while , he decided to leave . He thought that he might visit there again someday .	PERSON was making dinner . Then she realized she was out of potatoes . She hurried to the store . There , she bought a bag of potatoes . Then she went home to finish cooking dinner .
the ring	PERSON wanted a diamond ring . PERSON recently lost his job and could not find another . One day , PERSON walked past the jewelry and had an idea . PERSON decided to rob the jewelry store . PERSON got his ring but is now a wanted felon !	The day was finally here . PERSON was nervous . He was going to ask his girlfriend to marry him . He got down on one knee . She said yes !	PERSON bought his girl a ring . The ring was too big . He exchanged it for another one . This ring was too small . She told him to sell the ring because she already knew he loved her .	PERSON took off her wedding ring to do the dishes . She forgot to put it back on . Her husband accidently knocked the ring down the sink . He did n't notice what he did . PERSON never found out what happened to her ring .	Sue 's mom gave her a ring for her birthday . Sue wore that ring everyday . She took it off one day to wash her hands . While washing her hands , it fell down the drain . Sue could not catch it and it was gone forever .
out of gas	PERSON was driving around when his car broke down . The gas gauge showed it had fuel . PERSON had to call for help . They told him he had no gas in his car . The gauge had just gotten stuck .	PERSON was really late for her date . She was going to stop to put gas but there was a long line . She thought she could make it . She did n't and stalled out near the restaurant . Her date felt stood up and she never heard from him again .	One time I ran out of gas . Someone saw me . He went to buy gas for me . He told me to pay it forward . I appreciated that .	PERSON ran out of gas . He was also wanting a drink . He only had enough money for either beer or gasoline . He decided to get the gasoline and wait on the beer . It was a smart choice and PERSON was proud of himself .	I was eating with my friends . We were about to go to someone 's house . I was out of gas . And I did not know the way . They had to wait on me .
heat	PERSON was very cold in his apartment . He put on extra clothes . He was still very cold . He turned up the heater . He felt much better with the heater turned up .	PERSON lived in a house that was fueled by propane . On a frigid winter day , he saw that the tank was almost empty . PERSON was nervous he would be without heat . He called the propane company and requested a refill . Several hours later , the truck arrived and refilled the tank .	PERSON was a fitness enthusiast . PERSON wanted to improve his fitness . He decided to move to LOCATION . He would train outdoors all summer . He felt his fitness improve due to the heat .	It was 100 degrees in PERSON 's house . He decided to buy an air conditioner . He started doing research on what to buy . At the store he found the perfect one . He is now cool and relaxed in his house .	PERSON could not afford an air conditioner , but wanted one . Then one summer , temperatures rose to over 100 degrees ! PERSON was forced to rearrange her budget . Then she went to the store with her limited cash . There , she finally bought her long-desired air conditioner !
biscuits	PERSON learned how to make biscuits when she was 8 Year 's old . Her aunt taught her one day during the summer . It is a skill she has not forgotten . PERSON likes to make biscuits for breakfast . It 's a southern tradition .	PERSON was great at cooking biscuits . She woke up one morning to cook homemade biscuits . As she was mixing the ingredients , she dropped the salt . She did n't think she spilled too much . When they were done cooking , she tasted them and they were awful .	I have a big pet dog . I decided to feed my dog biscuits . He really enjoyed the biscuits . He ate all the biscuits in my house . Now he wo n't eat anything else except biscuits !	Sue decided to get up and make breakfast for her family . She found a recipe for biscuits . She bought all the ingredients . She followed the instructions . They turned out perfect !	PERSON left his bedroom and a familiar smell greeted him . He walked down the hallway , following the scent . The smell was coming from the kitchen . Grandma had just pulled a hot tray out of the stove . She made the best biscuits .
crab	PERSON got a hermit crab for her tenth birthday . At first she thought it was boring . Then she began to truly observe it . She saw how interesting it was . PERSON PERSON 's crab was her favorite possession !	PERSON loved crabs . He loved them ever since he was a kid . One day , he went to the beach . He was able to see a crab in real life . Finally , PERSON was able to be satisfied .	PERSON loved all types of sea animals . He especially adored crabs . One day , he spotted a crab on the beach . PERSON played with it for hours . Eventually , PERSON decided to adopt the crab .	The man ordered shelled crab . It looked perfect . He took a big bite . There was a piece of broken shell in it . It cut his gums wide open .	The boy saw a crab . He chased after it . The crab scurried away . The boy almost got it . The crab swam into the ocean .
christmas	On Christmas day , PERSON came down the stairs . He was very excited to see his gifts below the Christmas tree . He run toward to the tree and started looking for his gifts . His mother told him to wait and offered him some chocolate cake . When PERSON opened his gifts , he had a smile and chocolate on his lips .	PERSON took the electronic money and bought his daughter a doll . The thought was nice . But his family needed that money to keep the lights on . His wife made him return it . His daughter understood .	It was Christmas with the family again . PERSON brought the ham , and PERSON brought the salad . All the food was set on the table ready to be eaten . The kids ate as fast as they could to get to the presents . After dinner , the family started the presents , everyone was happy .	PERSON needed to buy a christmas tree . He went to Home Depot . He found some but he did not like it . He went back home . He decided to give up on a tree .	Christmas was almost here . PERSON wrote a letter to LOCATION . PERSON left cookies and milk out . Santa came while PERSON was sleeping . PERSON woke up to many presents .
drought	PERSON 's family owned a farm for generations . When PERSON took over a long drought started . His fields went dry and he could grow anything . PERSON did n't know how he would survive another dry season . PERSON wound up selling land to a developer to avoid bankruptcy .	There was a major drought . Nic was not allowed to even water his lawn ! Then they had a week of rain . Nic was relieved . Finally the drought emergency was over !	We are having a drought in our area . We have only had rain a couple times in the past two months . I have had to water our garden frequently . The garden does n't like our chlorinated water very well . My bean plants all died due to lack of rain .	This year has been hard for growing plants . An early heat wave stunted plant growth . There has been a marked lack of rainfall . The only water the plants get is what the sprinklers provide . We have now mostly given up on getting much produce .	Bottled water was cheap in PERSON 's town . Then things changed . The town experienced a severe drought . Water became more expensive . Suddenly bottled water was not cheap anymore .
contest	PERSON was at the bar with her friends . Suddenly they announced an amateur karaoke contest . PERSON 's friends urged her to compete , so she signed up . When she sang , everyone applauded loudly ! She did n't win , but she was happy with second place !	There was a contest at a church youth group . PERSON wanted to win . They said you could not touch anyone . If you did you had to kiss them . The best dancer won the contest .	The men had a contest . One of the men was not very smart . He did not do well in the contest . He felt that he had been cheated . He resorted to violence .	PERSON has never won a contest before . He noticed an ad for an online raffle . The prize for the raffle was a computer . PERSON decided to give it a shot and entered the raffle . A month later , PERSON leaped when he read the congratulatory email .	The man won a contest . He went to the station to collect . He was given a set of tickets . He did n't really like the band . He tried to sell them back to the radio employees .
light	I was at the gym on Tuesday . I was playing basketball . All of a sudden the lights shut off . A worker came in and told me I had to leave . I guess a storm knocked the power out !	PERSON was scared of the dark . It made bedtimes difficult . Then his mom bought him a small nightlight . She left it burning all night . The light helped Boy overcome his crippling fear .	The power went out and there were no candles in the house . PERSON remembered her smart phone had a flashlight app . When she started the app , the phone lit the whole room . She was able to see enough to find out there were indeed candles . She did n't have any matches , and then her cell phone ran out of power .	PERSON has a very dark apartment . There are few windows and she does n't get much sunlight . She finds out from her doctor that sunlight can improve moods . After some research she buys a visor that emits UV light . Her apartment is still dark , but she 's cheerier than before .	The man turned on the light . The bulb made a noise . The light went out . The man replaced the bulb . Light filled the man 's room .
the fall	PERSON liked to climb trees . He and his best friend went walk in the woods . PERSON found a tree he wanted to climb . When PERSON was on the second branch , the limb broke . PERSON fell and his friend had to get help .	PERSON lived on the 22nd floor of an apartment building . He walked to his window and looked down . Down below was a person who PERSON did not like much . PERSON dropped a rubber ball from his window . The ball hit the man on the head and PERSON laughed .	My friend , PERSON , and I went to his parents house . He wanted to show me that he was good at soccer . He took a ball from his basement and started juggling it . He missed the ball once , slipped , and fell on the ground . We still make fun of him to this day .	PERSON is an old man . He stays active by walking . One day he decided to walk by an unfamiliar road . During this walk he tripped over a crack in the road . PERSON hurt himself badly , but decided not to see a doctor .	I was visiting my hometown for the first time in twenty years . It was fall and the trees were all turning beautiful colors . I was so taken by the sight I filled my camera with photos of trees . I had fall fever instead of spring fever . Upon returning home I shared all my fall photos with family .
bike race	I signed up for a big bike race last year . I had been practicing for months before hand . I was very nervous the day before . I was n't sure I 'd be able to even finish the race . I got first place in the race .	PERSON and PERSON argued over who was the fastest on their bike . PERSON challenged PERSON to a bike race . PERSON accepted the challenge and went home to get his bike . PERSON also got his bike and they met back up . PERSON and PERSON raced and it resulted in a tie .	There is a big bike race across LOCATION . PERSON and his friends decide to participate . The bike ride is very tiring and PERSON was not prepared . He ends up partying more than bike riding . PERSON is sore for months after the bike ride .	PERSON and some neighbor kids decided to race bikes . As they rounded a curve , bikes collided and PERSON went flying . Kids gathered around PERSON , who was full of scrapes . They loaded PERSON in a wheelbarrow and pushed him home . The kids ran away after they rang the doorbell .	PERSON was entered in a bike race . He had bought a brand new bike for the race . He practiced everyday on his street in his neighborhood . The day of the race he was very nervous . He crashed his bike in the first 100 feet of the race .
PERSON gets the job	PERSON was having a hard time landing a job . He just recently graduated college . He went to apply for a bank job . He was nervous but he got a call from the bank . PERSON interviewed and landed the job .	PERSON wanted a new gaming system . He asked his parents but they said No . PERSON decided to get a job to get the console . PERSON applied for a local fast food restaurant . PERSON aced his interview and got the job .	PERSON was fresh out of college with a degree . She has applied at a prestigious bank . PERSON thought she pulled over the interview very well . PERSON waits nervously over the next few days . PERSON gets the call that she has been Hired .	PERSON applies for his dream job at a music company . He gets a call for an interview . He goes to the interview and believes he did well . A few days later he gets a call from the company . They tell PERSON the job is his .	PERSON has been out of work . PERSON applies for a bunch of jobs . He finally gets an interview . He nails the interview . PERSON finally landed a job .
addiction	PERSON was curious of what it would be like to experience addiction . He went to the store and bought a carton of cigarettes . He smoked a pack every day , liking it more with each pack . A month after he began smoking , he unsuccessfully tried to quit . Unable to quit , PERSON still smokes a pack of cigarettes every day .	PERSON was feeling very stressed one day . So she went to a coffee shop and tried a mocha latte . She was immediately hooked and went to the coffee shop everyday . But soon coffee was all she could think about . PERSON 's coffee obsession made her more stressed than before .	PERSON was dating a girl . They had a few issues . Eventually she came out as an addict . PERSON tried to deal with it . Unfortunately it was too much .	PERSON had surgery in June . He was given pain pills . He began to become addicted . His friends noticed . They made him seek help .	PERSON had an alcohol addiction . PERSON seeked help from his counselor . He also went to aa meetings . PERSON met a girl who had the same issues . They form a relationship and both got rid of their addiction .
a trip to the store	PERSON decided to make a special meal for her brother . She made a list of all the ingredients she needed from the store . She grabbed the list and started walking the ten blocks to the store . After walking six blocks , she realized she forgot her purse . She turned around and went back home .	I packed the family in the car and headed to the grocery store . I forgot my credit card at home , and did n't have any cash on me . We filled an entire cart with the food we needed for the week . We got to the register and could n't pay . It was very embarrassing .	I was hungry and there was n't much food in the house . I decided to ride my bike to the grocery store . Once at the store , I walked around and selected my groceries . I went back to the front of the store and paid for my items . I rode my bike back home and cooked spaghetti for dinner .	One day I was shopping . I set my purse down for just one minute . When I came back , my wallet was gone . I called the police . They never found it .	Today I drove to the local store . Traffic into the parking lot was backed up . Once some cars left , I could see there had been an accident . The women involved finally parked their cars . I parked my car and went into the store .
sports	PERSON loved sports . He decided to go to a live event . There was a basketball game and a hockey game tonight . PERSON like basketball but he loved hockey . He went to the hockey game only to find out the tickets were sold out .	PERSON loved hockey but wanted to learn to play tennis . His friend PERSON was great at tennis but wanted to play hockey . The two boys decided to help each other out . They got together and traded sports techniques . Now each boy is twice as athletic !	PERSON was considering playing football in high school . He asked his parents for advice . He parents said that team sports build character . PERSON joined the football team . PERSON had fun , bonded with teammates , and loved the comradery .	In elementary school , I and my friends were on the baseball team . We practiced all summer to be the best we could be . One day , our coach made us all work until we all became dehydrated . He gave us warm water to sip and told us to suck it up . Many of us quit after that .	Jasmine wanted to try out for the roller hockey team , When she told her brother PERSON , he just laughed . PERSON thought girls were n't meant to play roller hockey . Jasmine tried out anyway . Later that year , she led her team to the roller hockey championships .
the plant	PERSON got a plant for her birthday . She did n't know much about plants . She learned how to take care of them properly . She took very good care of her plant . It grew to be beautiful and tall .	PERSON likes plants . He bought a new plant last week . She put it on the balcony . Then she forgot to water the plant for two days . The plant died .	PERSON bought a plant for her apartment . She was enthusiastic about it at first . After a while she stopped caring about it . She almost never gave it water . Eventually PERSON 's plant died .	PERSON planted a shrub in her yard . It grew and grew . Soon it was taller than her ! She pruned it back . The next year , it doubled in size .	Today I bought a new plant . The plant needs a lot of sunlight . I put the plant in the window . The area by the window was very cold . I had to move the plant away from the window to keep the plant warm .
the movies	PERSON asked a girl to go to the movies with him . Kyle planned on asking this girl to be his girlfriend after the movies . After the movie PERSON asked the girl if they could date . The girl refused and said she just wanted to be friends . Sadly , PERSON agreed and they stayed friends .	I wanted to go to the movies with my friends . When I checked my wallet , I did not have any money . I was sad because I would miss the movie . My friends had a good idea . We all decided to stay home and tell cool stories instead .	PERSON 's favorite movie is Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull . The first time he saw it he was young . His father took him to his first movie . They went to the movies a lot . When PERSON had kids he decided to take them to movies too .	PERSON had a fond love of going to the movies . Everything about the movies he loved . The popcorn , the trailers , all of it was part of the experience . PERSON was always so happy going to the movies . He loved it all .	PERSON wanted to go to the movies . PERSON did not have too much money for the movies . PERSON asked his grandmother for some extra money . She took the money out of his allowance . PERSON enjoyed his time at the movies .
italian food	There was this Italian place next to where PERSON lives . She used to go there after class and get pasta for dinner . She went there last week only to find out that they closed down . She was told that a Mexican restaurant is opening up there next week . PERSON will now have to force herself to like Mexican food .	My favorite food is pizza . I enjoy pasta and ravioli , but I will always choose pizza over them . My family thinks I just enjoy all Italian food . They are wrong because I do not like baked ziti . Even though ziti is not tasty , I still enjoy a lot of Italian food .	PERSON went on a trip to LOCATION . He ate a lot of pasta and pizza . He learned some recipes . Back at home , he cooked a lot of pasta and pizza . Finally , he got sick of Italian food and never eat it again .	PERSON was eating Italian food . She got some tomato sauce on her blouse . Her boyfriend tried to get it off with his napkin . PERSON was embarrassed and told him to stop . Everyone was watching them .	Last night I had the most fabulous italian food ever . I went to Bertucci 's restaurant and it was amazing . I ordered pizza and it was delicious . I would definitely go back in an instant . It was the best food I ever had .
the buffet	PERSON was ready to eat at the buffet . He ate as much food as possible . Then he went back for more . When he left , his stomach hurt really bad . He learned to never eat like that again .	PERSON loved to eat . He went to a local buffet and decided he would eat as much as possible . He stuffed his face for over an hour . When it was time to leave , he could hardly stand up . PERSON had definitely gotten his money 's worth .	PERSON and his friends wanted to meet for lunch . They could n't agree on what kind of food to eat . PERSON suggested a buffet . They were all able to eat what they wanted . Everyone was satisfied .	PERSON was going an all you can eat buffet . Her mother told her to pace herself otherwise she could get sick . PERSON ate a plate of the things her mother told her to get . Then she returned for desserts . After her 5th dessert she was so sick she could n't walk .	One night PERSON and her family went out to a buffet restaurant . PERSON got macaroni and cheese . They talked to each other as they ate . Then they all went home . Everyone had a fun night .
earrings	PERSON wanted to look her best for her high school prom . She went shopping for jewelry . She found a nice pair of earrings . She wore them for prom . She looked beautiful wearing the earrings .	PERSON had a favorite pair of earrings that she wore everyday . She always put them in her jewelry box after work . One morning , she could opened the box to find a new pair . Her husband had replaced her favorite earrings . Even though diamonds , PERSON asked for her other earrings back .	PERSON bought some earrings . She put them in her ear . Then her ears started to become painful . She realized she got an ear infection . She took out the earrings .	PERSON wanted to look her best for her high school prom . She thought about what she should wear . She decided she wanted earrings . She asked her mom to buy them for her . Her mother bought her the earrings and made her daughter very happy .	PERSON noticed her daughter was n't wearing her earrings . She asked her daughter where the earrings were . PERSON 's young daughter told her she ate the earring . PERSON brought her daughter to the ER . X-rays confirmed the earring 's location and they eventually passed .
a new dress	Jan was planning on sewing a dress . She went to the store and looked at the fabrics . PERSON decided she did n't like any of the fabrics at the store . Jan changed her mind about sewing the dress . She went to the mall and bought a dress instead .	PERSON needed a new dress for a wedding . PERSON went to her favorite dress shop . She tried on many different dresses and found one that she liked . PERSON went to the wedding in her new dress . PERSON was happy when everyone complimented her dress .	PERSON needed a new dress . She was going to a fancy party . PERSON looked at several stores for a formal dress . She tried on dresses in blue and maroon and silver . She finally chose a beautiful silver dress for the party .	PERSON was very excited . Today was her birthday . Her mother took her out to go shopping . They went into a clothes store and tried on dresses . PERSON got a beautiful new dress and was so happy .	PERSON wanted to impress everyone at her school dance . Rather than buying a dress , she decided to make a new one . She picked out a soft , purple fabric to use . She sewed day and night until it was done . Everyone complimented her beautiful dress .
the big race	PERSON had a big swim meet coming up . She practiced the butterfly stroke everyday at swim practice . On the day of the meet she was nervous . When her event was announced she walked up to the block . She swam hard and won the race .	PERSON entered a marathon in his city . He had been training for years . The day of the race he was really sick . PERSON tried to run anyway . He did n't get anywhere near first place .	PERSON 's school has a race at the end of the year for every grade . PERSON wanted to be the fastest kid in his grade . PERSON ran around the yard at recess , all year long to get faster . Finally it was time for the big race . After a very close competition , PERSON came out victorious !	PERSON had been building up his car for years . He finally got the chance to race it at the track . He went up against a friend with a similar ride . The race was close and PERSON barely lost . He was excited to do even better next time .	They say driving cars is n't a real sport . Or that going in a circle is n't that challenging . But on this day the race is everything to a lot of people 's lives . It means entertainment , money , fame and opportunity . And I 'm ready to take it all .
wisdom teeth	The girl felt pain in her mouth . Her dentist said it was her wisdom teeth growing in . She scheduled a time to get them removed . It hurt a lot but was worth it in the end . Soon , she was pain-free !	PERSON had to get his wisdom teeth removed . It started to hurt really badly for him . He went to the dentist . He got anesthetized . He got it removed and he did not feel a thing .	My sister had her wisdom teeth taken out a few weeks ago . Her friends all warned her about how hard recovery would be . She chose instead to listen to the surgeon 's advice . She kept ice packs on her cheeks for 16 hours afterward . She ended up recovering within just a day or two !	PERSON 's wisdom teeth were really bothering her . She was nervous about getting them removed . But she grew desperate , so she scheduled the surgery . After the surgery , she found that the horrible pain was gone . PERSON was so glad she 'd gone through with the surgery !	I had my wisdom teeth removed when I was twenty-eight . I was very nervous to have a surgery for the first time . Upon coming out of the surgery , I felt great . The medicine was still affecting my judgement quite a bit . I asked the nurses if I could keep the teeth they had removed .
hurt	PERSON cried after I broke up with her . She did n't leave her room the entire weekend . Finally she got over him . PERSON eventually met a new guy . They are married now	PERSON was waiting in line to try out for her school 's singing club . She thought everyone there was terrible at singing . So she she thought getting in would be easy . After her audition , she was shocked when she was n't accepted . PERSON believed the whole thing was set up to humiliate her .	He told me when he first saw me , he considered leaving me . Being told that cut me to the bone . I was very hurt and angry . I had given up so much to be with him . I told him I would stay with him even with his illness .	PERSON saw a ripe apple on a high branch . He decided to climb the tree to get to it . But halfway up , the branch broke and he fell ! PERSON struck the ground hard . He ruefully resolved to be more careful in the future !	PERSON 's crush PERSON had begun to ignore her . She had been ignoring him first , but this was unexpected . She walked home slowly reveling in her pain . PERSON 's mother tried to get her to talk , but PERSON refused . Her mother felt helpless as her daughter dragged herself to her room .
ice cream party	PERSON and her class were having an ice cream party . But she was lactose intolerant . So she felt excluded . After school , everyone talked about how great the ice cream party was . And PERSON felt sad .	PERSON played baseball for the local little league team . They played in a big game yesterday and won . PERSON 's coach wanted to take the team out for ice cream . Each player asked their parents if they could go . The entire team got to go and enjoyed their ice cream .	PERSON invited her friends over for an ice cream party . Her mom brought out 10 different flavors . PERSON and her friends made some silly combinations of ice cream . They all ate a lot of it and were full . They then watched a movie and went to sleep .	It was a hot day out . As a result , PERSON wanted to have an ice cream party . She got her friends together to have a party . They got the ice cream out . It was the party of the year .	April was turning six years old . She wanted an ice cream birthday party . Her mother agreed to the request . It was a very hot day on her birthday . All the ice cream melted into mushy mess .
PERSON goes on a date	PERSON is in love with her coworker PERSON . She knows romantic relationships are not allowed at the company . She decides to quit her job in order to date PERSON . The next she asks PERSON to go have dinner with her . Their first date goes great .	PERSON was nervous for tonight . He had a big date planned . He arrived to the restaurant with a bouquet of flowers . He opened up to his date as the night progressed . After dinner , PERSON got a kiss from his date .	PERSON really liked PERSON , so one day he asked her out . PERSON agreed to go out with PERSON , so they went on a date . For their first date , PERSON and PERSON went to a movie theater . PERSON and PERSON both hated the movie , though . PERSON and PERSON laughed and agreed to go on another date later .	PERSON has been lonely for many Year 's . Finally his friends encourage him to try to meet a girlfriend . PERSON asks PERSON out on a date . She says yes . PERSON is happy to be out on a date with someone .	PERSON had n't experienced any romance since his wife had passed . Finally he decided to sign up for an online dating service . He met a nice woman and they went out for coffee . However , PERSON did not feel a strong connection with her . Still he was happy he had given love another chance .
regret	PERSON always spent too much money . He never learned how to budget his income . PERSON racked up a large amount of debt . PERSON then declared bankruptcy . He now regrets his poor decisions he has made .	I decided to enter a race for money . My friends told me not to do it . They said I might get embarrassed . I went to compete anyway . I was filled with regret when I came in last place .	PERSON was on vacation in LOCATION with her friends . She was a little drunk , but not noticeably , when they had an idea . They all decided to get matching tattoos of each others ' initials ! When PERSON woke in the morning , she regretted getting inked so hastily . But , she consoled herself , at least the tattoo was small - and cute !	The kids got in trouble . Their mom yelled at them for breaking their window . They regretted throwing the baseball in the house . They knew it was wrong but had done it anyway . The kids apologized and said they would pay for it .	PERSON had a dog whom he loved very much . However , he took his dog for granted and neglected her . One day , he discovered that his dog was covered in fleas and was ill . He felt terrible for neglecting her , and spent hours bathing her . At last she was clean , and he promised never to let her be hurt again .
cornbread	June was cooking cornbread and realized that she was out of butter . She ran up to the store and bought the butter along with other items . When she got home , she checked all the bags but the butter was missing Although annoyed , she ran back up to the store to get the butter . She made the cornbread and it tasted better than it ever had .	PERSON loved to cook and always spent time in the evening cooking . One night , she decided to make cornbread . She started stir ingredients and realized she did not have eggs . She begged her mother who ran to the store to purchase some . She was able to complete her recipe for the cornbread .	My Mom never ate cornbread as a child . My Dad is from the LOCATION . He grew up eating cornbread . My Mom finally learned to make cornbread for my Dad . That made him very happy !	Sue was a great cook . She decided to make cornbread . As she was baking it , she got distracted . Sue started to smell something burning . She had burned her cornbread .	Sue was great at making cornbread . This time she decided to make mexican cornbread . She bought all the ingredients . She followed her recipe . Sue did everything perfectly except she let the bread burn .
rained out	PERSON loved baseball . He was taken to a game for his birthday . It started to rain . The game was cancelled . PERSON still enjoyed the part he watched .	PERSON planned a party for her birthday . It was outside at the park , but there was a covered picnic shelter . Sadly , it rained on party day ! PERSON and her friends still managed to have fun . They just had to eat and chat under the shelter !	PERSON was on his way to work . It had been raining heavily . The road was flooded and impassible . PERSON turned around and drove home . PERSON called his boss and told him he could n't make it in .	PERSON had a big game coming up . He had been training extra hard . He was nervous but ready . The game got rained out due to a storm . PERSON felt he worked hard for nothing .	PERSON was at a baseball game . It started to rain a bit . After a while it got much worse . They had to call off the game . PERSON was disappointed he did n't get to see the end .
medal	My 98 year old friend PERSON was in WW2 . One day he told me the French government just sent him a medal . He told the apartment building manager . The manager wrote an article about PERSON for the building newspaper . I congratulated PERSON and took a selfie with him holding the medal .	My 98 year old neighbor got a medal last week . He was a soldier in the US Army during WW II . He was part of the forces liberating LOCATION . His neighbor worked for the French government and got him a medal . We took photos with him wearing the medal .	PERSON played his flute in the talent show . He wanted first prize since that was a big trophy . But then they announced that he 'd won second place . PERSON saw that second prize was a shiny medal . He decided he was okay with second place after all !	My 99 year old friend PERSON fought in WW 2 . He was in LOCATION and LOCATION . A neighbor in the building worked for the French consulate . She arranged for him to get a medal . The local television news covered the ceremony .	Eve had only won one medal in her life . It was in a glass case on the mantelpiece . She looked at it every day remembering her achievement . So when her house burned down , she was devastated . She could have lost anything , but not her medal .
PERSON retires	PERSON has worked as a nurse her whole life . She knows that she should work a few more Year 's to retire comfortably . However , she is so tired of her hard work , she retires early . PERSON spends her money very carefully during retirement . She is glad she took an early retirement .	PERSON had worked at the same senior village for over 40 years . PERSON decided it was finally time to retire and relax . PERSON notified his boss by giving him his two weeks notice . After the two weeks had passed PERSON left work for the last time . PERSON enjoyed his retirement and had a good life .	PERSON has been working all his life . PERSON is tired of work . One evening while working . He tells everyone is he retiring . He spends his final days at work before retiring .	PERSON was a successful writer , but had gotten sick of writing . He spoke to the press about quitting writing and then went home . PERSON went home and decided to try to do something else . He soon realized that not writing left a hole in his heart . PERSON decided to go back to writing , and said sorry to his fans .	PERSON was a secretary for 30 years . She just retired this past month . PERSON decided to sell her house . She moved to LOCATION to retire in a house by the beach . PERSON enjoyed her retirement by reading books .
wedding	PERSON and PERSON were getting married soon . They decided to have a unique wedding . They had an outdoor wedding . They prepared their own vows . They had a special ceremony they cherished .	LOCATION was rushing to get to his wedding on time . On the way , LOCATION 's car broke down . Cal was worried he would be late . A tow truck driver stopped and picked Cal up . The driver got LOCATION to his wedding on time .	We went to a wedding in December . It was 50 miles away from our home . Neither one of us drives very well . We hired a livery service for the wedding and reception . We thoroughly enjoyed the wedding and the comfortable transportation .	We went to a friend 's wedding last Saturday . The wedding was in LOCATION LOCATION , LOCATION . The reception was in a mansion in LOCATION LOCATION . We hired a car service to get there from LOCATION and back . We thoroughly enjoyed the wedding , with good food and great friends .	PERSON and Ally were planning their wedding . They were overwhelmed with all that had to go into it . After talking it over , they decided to invite a handful of people . They are planning on a small destination wedding . All that matters to them is being married .
pills	My nephew had a bad back one day . His mom had some prescription painkillers She lived on the tenth floor of a high rise . She dropped the pills out the window but they fell onto the ground . My nephew was angry as the pills were pulverized .	PERSON was a very old man with very little money . He often went without food so he could purchase his medicine . PERSON splurged one day at McDonald 's and forgot about his medicine . PERSON had to sell his wedding ring in order to afford his pills . PERSON died in his sleep that night .	The doctor told her to take the pills twice a day . She had to take them with water . They should reduce the swelling in her body . She took them every day for a month . She was still swollen and not getting better .	PERSON began taking medication for his anxiety . And he noticed that his mood was much better . But he became addicted to the pills . And he became even more anxious when he did n't have them . PERSON began taking new medication for his addiction .	PERSON was worried . He forgot where he 'd put his pills . He searched all over for them , with no luck . That 's when he found his prescription . PERSON read it and realized he was n't due for another set for a day .
tea time	When I got home from work tonight I made a mug of tea . I then sat down at my computer to do some research . One thing led to another and I had forgotten all about my tea . I only remembered when I knocked the mug over and ruined my keyboard . Now I put my tea on the table next to the computer .	PERSON decided he wanted to make tea . First , he set the kettle on to boil . Then , he poured the water over the tea bag to steep . Once the tea was done , he took a sip . It was perfect .	Sneha always had tea with her lunch . It became a part of her daily routine . There was a day when Sneha forgot to bring tea to work . The water tasted bitter and her lunch was ruined . Sneha devised a notification system on her phone to prevent such days .	PERSON spilt his tea on his pants during a business meeting . It looked like he peed his pants . PERSON tried to give his presentation seated but the boss would n't allow . When he got up the boss demanded to know if he peed himself . PERSON was so flustered that he had a hard time denying it .	PERSON and her friends got together yesterday for tea time . The girls tasted lemon tea and ate tiny desserts that were delicious . The girls then shared many gossip stories about their lives . The highlight of the day was when LOCATION 's boyfriend came to say hello . The girls had so much fun at the end .
PERSON saves the day	PERSON walked by a car and heard a baby crying from inside . He looked around for help , but no one was there . It was hot outside and he could n't walk away and leave the baby . He grabbed a rock , smashed the window and extracted the crying baby . The mother arrived moments later , and was relieved instead of angry .	PERSON was eating out at a Restaurant . He was enjoying a good steak dinner . He hears a woman start to choke the table near him . PERSON rushes over to the woman . He performs the Heimlich Maneuver and saves the ladies life .	I was having a barbeque with a couple of friends . My friends brought soda , chips and dip . For the party , I provided hot dogs and hamburgers . While grilling the hot dogs , I noticed I did not have buns . Luckily , my friend PERSON brought extra buns with him .	PERSON 's dad owned his own company . His dad died of a heart attack . PERSON did n't know much about the company , but would n't give up . PERSON kept practicing and kept getting better . PERSON made the big sale and saved the company .	PERSON 's football team was down by three points late in the game . The quarterback got the team into field goal range . PERSON would attempt a field goal as time expired . The ball was snapped to the holder . PERSON tied the game with a made field goal .
sleep	PERSON had a long day at work . He could n't wait to get home . He was stuck in rush hour . He was falling asleep . He crashed his car and never made it home .	PERSON woke up . He was unable to move . He saw a figure coming closer . He was terrified . Then it disappeared and he could move again .	PERSON kept waking up feeling very tired . He realized he could n't keep going on so little sleep . He decided to cut television and news shows to a minimum . He then found himself going to bed earlier . Now , PERSON gets 9 hours of sleep every single night .	PERSON woke up at a red light . This was the second time that this had happened this week . He told his mom so that she could schedule a doctor 's appointment . When they arrived , the doctor explained what narcolepsy is . Now PERSON only wakes up in his bed .	PERSON was having trouble sleeping at night . He reflected on his life to determine the cause . He realized he was stressed out for several reasons . He began addressing those reasons aggressively . PERSON resolved the issues and began sleeping well again .
trash	PERSON 's trash can was full . So PERSON took out the trash bag . He took it to his trash can to throw out . PERSON put a new trash bag in the trash can . PERSON was glad his trash was taken out .	PERSON put a lock on the department dumpster . Because PERSON was a small man , his ego was often hurt . He eagerly waited for people to react to what he 'd done . People were not at all pleased with what PERSON had done . They put PERSON in a dumpster and set it on fire .	I went to take the trash to the curb . The bag was very heavy , and started stretching . Halfway down the driveway , the bag broke . Trash spilled out all over . I spent an hour cleaning it up .	I just spent an hour putting emails into my trash bin . I had a lot of emails taking up space . I was removing the emails one at a time . I figured out how to use a filter to mass dump the emails . I am glad I have space now .	There has been a lot of trash accumulating in my car . I decided to clean it all out today . While I was cleaning it I found something interesting . It was a crisp one hundred dollar bill . I was very glad I cleaned my car and treating myself with the money .
spiders	PERSON was always afraid of spiders while growing up . Any time that he saw a spider he would scream and stamp on it . His wife did n't appreciate it , as she believed that spiders were good . So she began to safely teach him about spiders . Now PERSON is not as afraid and even welcomes them .	PERSON was afraid of spiders . This morning she found one in the bathtub . PERSON screamed for her younger brother to kill it . PERSON 's brother grabbed a slipper and smashed the spider . PERSON was pleased the spider was gone .	My 19 year old niece is a Snapchat user . Yesterday she posted a video about a spider . A spider had gotten into the living room . She was trying to find it but it crept under a table . She posted a video of herself screaming .	The new fort I built in the backyard is filled with bugs . The kids avoid it because there are too many webs . I sprayed it out with Raid but did n't like that solution . Instead I got some mothballs and put them in the corners . Now the fort is free from bugs and spiders .	PERSON hates spiders . She saw one in her apartment the other day and freaked out . She screamed and ran away . It took all her courage to go back and kill it . But when she returned it was gone .
stomach ache	PERSON 's stomach was hurting . He thought that maybe he was hungry but eating did not help . He took some medication and laid down for awhile . After a few hours , his stomach ache was gone . PERSON was able to enjoy the rest of his day .	PERSON ate a bacon wrap that he purchased at a restaurant . A few days later , he had a bad case of acid reflux . His mom took him to the hospital . He was simply diagnosed with a stomach ache . The doctor gave him a laxative to help his bowel movements .	PERSON loved peanut butter sandwiches . He loved them so much , he thought he could eat them forever . He ate five whole sandwiches . After he did this , his stomach started to hurt terribly . He vowed never to eat so many sandwiches again .	PERSON had a bad stomach ache . She tried ginger ale . It did not help her at all . Then she chewed some Tums . They helped to settle her aching stomach .	PERSON was enjoying her nutritional drink . She told PERSON to try out the drink . PERSON had a sip and gave a good comment on it . Unfortunately , she caught a bad stomach ache an hour later . She was stuck in the bathroom for a while .
cheating wife	PERSON was having trouble in his marriage . He could n't figure out how to improve things . Finally his wife admitted to having an affair . PERSON was crushed by the news . They divorced shortly after .	PERSON was out with friends . He felt sick and went home early . His wife did n't realize he 'd be home . She was cheating with another man . PERSON found them together .	Frank found out his wife was having an affair with another man . He followed the man to his house . He confronted the man on his front porch . The man apologized sincerely . Frank and the man became friends .	PERSON was shocked when he learned that his wife was cheating on him . He asked her why she felt the need to go elsewhere . And she told him she did n't love him anymore . He ended up divorcing her the next year . And since then he ca n't trust any woman anymore .	PERSON got home early from work one day . He noticed his neighbor was over . His wife was shocked and admitted to cheating . PERSON was distraught . He kicked them both out and filed for a divorce .
fly	PERSON was sitting working on her computer . Suddenly she heard a loud buzzing right in her ear . She shrieked and jumped up . She made her mom look into her ear with a flashlight . Thankfully , there was no fly in PERSON 's ear .	The boy swatted a fly . The fly fell to the ground . The boy 's cat investigated the fly . The fly was still alive . The cat ate the fly .	The dog ran into the room . He looked excited about something . He started snapping at the air . We thought he had lost his mind . We realized he was just chasing a fly .	PERSON was working in the office . An annoying fly was bothering him . PERSON tried to catch the fly in his hand . PERSON caught the fly . PERSON released the fly outdoors .	PERSON wanted to fly on a plane . She saved her allowance for over a year . Then she called a private pilot in her town . He agreed to take PERSON for a plane ride . PERSON had a great time on her first plane ride !
cow	The cow was very small . He walked up to my four year old frame . He stared up at me happily . I reached out to pet him . I fell in love with him instantly .	I used to love to eat beef steak . One day we had a school trip to a slaughter house . We saw cows get slaughtered . Many of us puked . I never ate beef ever since .	PERSON had never visited a farm before . He stared open mouthed at the huge cow . He was very intimidated ! But he worked up his nerve and reached out a hand to pet it . When the friendly cow licked his hand , And laughed .	The man slaughtered a cow . He ground all of the meat . He sold the meat . A friend told him to cut some of the meat into steaks . The man was able to make more money this way .	PERSON loved cows . He loved them because they gave him milk . One day , he decided to see one in real life . He travelled over 200 miles . Finally , he went to a farm and was able to see a cow .
walking the dog	PERSON went out to walk her dog the other day . It was really hot outside and she forgot to bring her water with her . PERSON was sweating really badly the whole time . When she got back home she took a shower . After her shower she had an ice cold glass of water .	PERSON was a dog that loved to go on walks . Karen liked to take her dog Molly on walks and see PERSON happy . They would walk around the block every night after dinner . PERSON and PERSON both looked forward to these walks . Karen knew she would always remember this perfect time with PERSON .	My son and I brought the dog for a walk . My son asked if he could hold the leash . As soon as my son took the leash , the dog began running away . I grabbed my son to keep him from falling . Now I am the only person to hold the leash .	While out walking my dog today , we encountered a large cow . The cow was in a neighbor 's yard and started to charge at us . I quickly got my dog and I to safety and called the sheriff . The sheriff 's department had to come out and find the owners . The cows had torn down a fence and were grazing in the yards .	I was walking the dog . He took a poop . I decided not to pick it up . The park ranger saw . He fined me .
deep sea fishing	When we were younger we went to LOCATION LOCATION . We went out on a boat to go deep sea fishing . Even though I was only seven years old , I caught a huge flounder . We had them filet it and prepare it for us . It was so delicious when we took it home to be cooked .	PERSON was interested in deep sea fishing . So he went to LOCATION for his first year of college . He did not really enjoy the Navy . So he decided to drop out of the Naval Academy . He got a dishonorable discharge .	I took my son deep-sea fishing when he was 11 years old . He loved to fish and was so excited . When the boat hit the swells of the open ocean , he got sea sick . He spent the whole time in the bathroom and did n't get to fish . When we got home , he pleaded with me to try again next time .	Daisy wanted to go deep sea fishing . She chartered a fishing boat to take her offshore . While underway , PERSON got seasick . She felt better once the boat anchored out . Daisy caught many fish that day .	PERSON went deep sea fishing with his grandfather and uncle . They rented a boat with a guide and were gone all day . They took a break from fishing just long enough to eat a picnic lunch . PERSON caught the last fish of the day . They caught so many fish that they sold some to the market .
bravery	PERSON was at the jewelry store . He was looking to buy an engagement ring for his girlfriend . A friendly-looking older woman walked into the store . The woman pulled out a gun and started breaking the display cases . PERSON punched the woman and knocked her out .	PERSON wanted to be Brave . He felt timid and weak . PERSON decided to become brave by becoming a firefighter . PERSON vanquished many fires and saved countless people . PERSON was now brave .	PERSON went to the mountains . At the top , she heard someone calling for help . When she looked over the side , she saw a man stuck on a cliff . She called the police to come help . PERSON felt like a hero .	PERSON was very brave . PERSON knew there was nothing that could scare him . One day he was at a bank when robbers with guns came in . The robbers asked if anyone wanted to be a hero . PERSON stood up and was immediately shot .	PERSON was throwing a Frisbee around with PERSON . A gust of wind lifted the Frisbee much higher than expected . PERSON groaned as the Frisbee planted itself in a tall tree . PERSON did n't mind , and climbed all the way to the top to retrieve it . Terry thought PERSON was extremely brave for doing so .
balloon	I was walking down the street . I suddenly saw a boy crying . I asked him what was wrong . He told me that his balloon floated away . I bought him a new balloon and he was happy .	The girl wanted a balloon . Her dad bought a pack . He took out a balloon . He blew into it until it popped . That delighted the girl .	When my daughter was three her mom bought her a big balloon . She held onto the balloon tightly . When we got out of the car she let the balloon go . She started crying . We diverted her with the promise of chocolate milk .	PERSON has a red balloon . It 's his favorite color ! But one day , the balloon lost it 's air . PERSON was very sad . But he 'll get a new balloon tomorrow , so it 's not that bad .	PERSON got a balloon from the store . She carried it around . It made a cute accessory . Then all the sudden it popped . PERSON sulked angrily .
runaway	PERSON hated her little brother . She always thought her parents liked him more . She decided to run away one day . Her parents found her crying a block away . They took her home and she never ran away again .	PERSON 's older sister ran away from home . PERSON 's parents spent months looking for her . The police dropped by the house from time to time , with no news . PERSON went into his sister 's room and looked at all she left behind . He wondered if he would ever see his sister again .	PERSON 's female cat ran away from home . PERSON was devastated ! Then a neighbor returned the cat , which had been in his yard . He warned PERSON that he had a male cat , but PERSON only smiled . She was n't worried because she had had her cat fixed !	I was waiting in front of the bathroom for my friend . A dragonfly suddenly flew near me . It tapped the side of my face . In an attempt to get away from it , I can . My friend tried to look for me .	PERSON 's dog ran away one night . He found the dog , Mo , missing in the morning . He was devastated and spent all day looking for PERSON ! Luckily , he caught PERSON running around the local park . PERSON was so glad he had found PERSON !
grocery store	I went to the grocery store . I was trying to buy bananas . I could n't find any bananas . They were sold out of bananas . I left the store and went home .	We all went to the store . My daughter wanted to buy a pizza . My son wanted to throw a fit . We walked down every aisle and I grabbed what I needed . We made it to the checkout before anything horrible happened .	PERSON went to the grocery store . She was shopping for some milk . PERSON could choose whole milk or low fat milk . She considered that she was on a diet . PERSON chose the low fat alternative .	PERSON needed some flour and milk . She went to the local grocery store to get them . When she walked in , she saw a girl from work that she does n't like . The girl yelled at her from across the store , but PERSON ignored her . She hurriedly got her groceries and left .	PERSON had a new job at a grocery store . She thought it was going to be an easy job . PERSON was not prepared for a job standing for hours . She also was twisting her torso as she rang groceries . At the end of the first week PERSON 's whole torso was sore .
making cookies	PERSON wanted to bake some cookies . She looked up a recipe online . She gathered the ingredients and started to bake . She bit into a cookie and spit it back out . PERSON forgot to put sugar in her cookies .	I decided to make cookies . I realized I had no sugar . I asked my neighbor to borrow some sugar . She said yes , if I gave her some cookies . I took the sugar home and made the cookies .	On the weekends I love to make cookies . I pick out a recipe . I go to the store and get the ingredients . I mix together the ingredients and put them in the oven . The cookies bake for 15 minutes .	PERSON decided to make cookies one morning . She went out and bought the ingredients . Then she made the cookies and put them in the oven . Once they were out , she set them down to cool . After they were cooled , she ate them .	PERSON was making some cookies . But she was too eager . She ate some of the dough . It was delicious . PERSON then got sick as a result .
dirty car	PERSON asked her son to wash her car . Her sun took the car for the day . He went to the car wash . He had forgot his money . When PERSON returned the car was still dirty .	PERSON waxed her car . She parked the car in the garage . The cat sat on the car . PERSON could see paw prints on her car . She yelled at the cat for making her car dirty .	PERSON 's car was covered in dirt . She waited until evening . Then she took out a bucket and soap . She cleaned the car from top to bottom . PERSON 's car looks brand new .	PERSON let his friend borrow his car . The friend claimed to be responsible . PERSON got the car back late . The inside was really messy . PERSON never let him borrow his car again .	PERSON noticed that his windshield was covered with bird poop . He parked his car under a tree filled with birds . He took his car to the car wash to get it washed . He also waxed his car for added protection . His car was sparkly clean and shiny afterwards .
lost	PERSON decided to go hiking in the mountains . After climbing some time , he realized no landmarks looked familiar . PERSON tried to retrace his steps , to no avail . He screamed for help , and waited for a response . All he heard was his own echo .	PERSON lost her dog . She put up signs all over her neighborhood . Two weeks went b6 and someone called her about the dog . PERSON made arrangements to meet up with the caller . Carol finally was reunited with her furry friend .	My family and I went camping in the mountains . I decided to go fishing in the lake on my own . It started raining and I ran back through the woods , but got lost . I searched and searched for hours . I found the campsite by following the voice of my brothers singing .	He does n't recognize the street he 's on . He pulls into a gas station and goes in . He asks the clerk for directions . The clerk tells him how to get to his destination . He gets back in his car and follows the directions .	PERSON pulled over , frustrated . His map was so confusing ! He had no idea where he was . He went to a gas station and asked for help . He was pleased to find he was only 20 miles out of his way !
trick or treating	PERSON was excited to go trick or treating ! She spent an hour making sure her costume was perfect . She wandered door to door , asking for candy . After a while , her feet got tired so she headed home . She sat on the couch and happily ate her candy .	PERSON went trick or treating for Halloween . He brought his pumpkin bag to get candy and walked around . PERSON went to several houses and got tons of candy . After an hour , PERSON headed home . He poured out a ton of candy and was very happy .	Tim loved Halloween . He moved into a nice neighborhood . He had never gone trick or treating before . PERSON decided to try it out . He had great fun and got lots of candy .	When I was a kid , I went trick or treating . My friends and I dressed up and walked around . We went to houses and asked for candy . When we were done , we went back to my house . We ate pizza and candy and watched horror movies .	PERSON and his friends were excited . Tonight was Halloween and they were going trick or treating . PERSON put on his ghost costume and got ready . PERSON and his friends went around the neighborhood collecting candy . He had such a blast that Halloween night .
bad hair day	LOCATION was running late for an interview . She was unable to put the top up on her convertible . It started to rain on the way there . The wind and water messed up LOCATION 's hair . She was embarrassed throughout the interview .	PERSON got herself ready and went to work . On the bus , everyone kept staring at her . When she walked into work , there were snickers . PERSON went to the bathroom to find out what was so funny . PERSON realized she had a large green gob of something in her hair .	PERSON was having a horrible hair day . When she woke up she tried styling it . However to her dismay it would not stick straight . She was nervous about going to school like that . She ended up wearing a baseball cap instead .	PERSON woke up late to work one morning . She rushed around and got dressed . She called ahead letting her boss know she was on her way . PERSON pulled in to her work and noticed she forgot to fix her hair . She quickly matted it down and told everyone she was having a bad day .	PERSON lived in a very small house . She would sleep on a very small mattress . PERSON woke up every morning with terrible bed head . She went to the bathroom like always to come it out . PERSON looked into the mirror and saw her hair was really tangled .
movie marathon	As PERSON was sick in bed she contemplated what to do . She found some movie marathons on tv and decided to give it a watch . She put on the channel and heated some popcorn . As she relaxed in bed , the hours flew by . At the end of the day PERSON watched six hours worth .	Today there was a movie marathon of PERSON PERSON . PERSON and her friends got together to watch it . After the first movie however , PERSON got tired . She started to not have any more interest . As a result she had to shut it off .	PERSON saw there was a movie marathon . She got out the popcorn . She then watched movies all day . Ultimately she fell asleep . She ended up getting up late the next day .	PERSON wanted to see the new Star Wars movie . First , he decided to do a marathon . He watched the first three movies in one day . The next day he watched the next three . Finally , he was ready to see the new one .	PERSON , PERSON , and PERSON were watching the 1st Hunger Games movie . She had already seen it before . But she was still sad when beloved characters dies . She sat in the room , embarrassed to be crying at a movie . Until she saw the other girls were crying as well .
fired	PERSON was at work when his boss called him into the office . The boss told him he had not been doing a very good job . PERSON asked the boss what he was going to do to him . The boss told PERSON he was going to have to let him go . PERSON got fired and left the office .	PERSON just got fired from his job . He asked his boss what the reasons were for the firing . His boss said it was due to cutbacks , not performance . PERSON was then offered a compensation package . It made things a little better for PERSON .	PERSON got fired from his job for being late all the time . He was dejected . Then he went to the temp agency to get a new job . When they found him a place , he made himself a promise . He was never going to be late again !	PERSON made an error at work . He caused a lot of trouble . Later , his manager called PERSON to his office . There , he fired PERSON ! PERSON knew he deserved it .	Jeff has to fire PERSON because he never shows up to work . At first PERSON was nervous and did n't want to upset PERSON . The day that PERSON was to get fired he called in sick . This upset PERSON because he needed PERSON to be at work that day . This made PERSON 's job a lot easier to fire him because he was mad .
apple pie	PERSON was hungry . Her grandmother was watching her TV shows and had n't cooked . On the table was one slice of apple pie . She thought the last slice was saved for her . But her grandma was saving it for her grandpa .	I have always hated apple pie . It just felt so gooey and gross . One day I was served apple pie for dinner . I pointed towards the kitchen so everyone would look . I then hid the apple pie in the trash before they could see .	Frank was eating apple pie . He thought it needed ice cream . He checked the fridge and there was none . He went to the store to buy some . They did n't have any vanilla so he went to the store for nothing .	PERSON was baking an apple pie . When she took it out of the oven , she put it in the window to cool . She then went to the living room to relax . When she went back in the kitchen , the pie was gone . The wind had knocked it over and the pie was ruined .	PERSON watched her grandmother peel apples . She always used Granny Smiths for her pie . PERSON plucked one from the growing pile . After all the apples were cut , her grandma put them in the dough . The house filled with the wonderful smell of baking pie .
cross country	PERSON , PERSON , and PERSON were avid bike riders . One day PERSON suggested doing a long ride across the country . Everybody was on board and they started planning . Three months later the group set off from LOCATION LOCATION . They rode their bikes all the way to LOCATION and back in a year !	PERSON was a cross country star at his school . He held the school record for fastest mile time . On the week before a major race , PERSON sprained his ankle . The coach was disappointed , but PERSON did n't mind . He was just thankful for all the races he already competed in .	PERSON loves to run . When he started High School he joined the cross country team . His first year was mainly just a matter of getting used to the team . In his second year , he began to pick up his pace . In his Third year , he began to win some races .	PERSON was competing in a cross country meet . He was halfway through when his leg cramped up . PERSON was n't sure he could go on . He stopped for a minute and stretched his bad leg . PERSON began to run again and finished the race in second place .	In high school I was on the girls volleyball team for two years . However , my teammates were very dramatic and mean to each other . This made me start to dislike volleyball . So I quit and joined the cross country team . I still love to run so this was a decision I will never regret .
forgotten	PERSON was upset her family had n't saved her breakfast . She had been looking forward to her grandma 's cooking for days . She decided to cook her own breakfast . Just then her grandma came in to find out what she was doing . It turned out her grandma put her plate in the oven to keep it warm .	PERSON had a big report due at school . She finished it on time . But she forgot to bring it to school ! She called her mom and asked her to bring it . Luckily , her mom agreed to drop it off at the school !	PERSON had a project to do for school . She had to prepare a speech to present in front of class . She worked on her presentation in PowerPoint . She went to class and realized that she left her flashdrive at home . She winged the presentation and still made a passing grade .	PERSON forgot she had broken her windshield wiper blades . She had n't needed to used them for 2 weeks . Now she turned them on and saw the crack in the plastic . She was in a hurry so she had to just use the broken blades . Halfway to her destination a part of the blade broke and flew off .	PERSON was struggling during a geometry test . But he figured if he got the last question right , he could pass . The last question required a ruler and a compass . But when PERSON reached into his backpack , he could n't find one . PERSON guessed and turned in his test with a frown .
the birthday	Yesterday was PERSON 's birthday . He would have been 40 . PERSON killed himself 10 years ago . His friends and family gathered to celebrate his birthday . They told stories and remember what a great guy they thought he was .	PERSON has a birthday coming . He wants a pair of work boots so bad . He told his parents that was what he wanted . His parents went and bought them for his birthday . PERSON was so happy to get his boots .	PERSON went to his place , meaning the place he spent most his time a bar . Well most the people there knew him and he knew most of them as well . He walked in , his friends had a cake , he asked whose birthday was it ? Forgetting it was his birthday he never had such a nice gift . Caught off guard he was speechless , and a memory he would not forget .	PERSON had a birthday today . He ran downstairs and waited for everyone to tell him happy birthday . He was alone in the entire house . PERSON was upset that everyone forgot his big day . Suddenly his family came in and surprised him with a birthday party .	Today is LOCATION 's birthday . LOCATION is turning 5 . PERSON invited all of his friends . They jumped in a big bouncy castle . PERSON and his friends liked the cake and ice cream .
pulled over	PERSON frowned when the police lights appeared behind him . He fumed as he pulled over , knowing he had done nothing wrong . As the officer approached , PERSON simmered , preparing for an argument . The policeman merely told him his license plate was about to fall off . Chagrined , PERSON accepted the cop 's offer of a screwdriver to secure it .	The cop pulled me over . I asked him to please not give me a ticket . He asked for my license . He came back with my license . Luckily he just gave me a warning this time .	PERSON was driving only five miles above the limit . All the sudden she got pulled over . When she saw the cop she was awestruck . He was very beautiful . Thankfully he let her go with a warning .	PERSON was driving his friends home from the bar . He was pulled over by the cops . They thought he had been drinking . PERSON explained he was the designated driver . The cops let him continue .	PERSON was pulled over . At first she freaked out . It never happened to her before . But she was pulled over because the cop thought she was cute . PERSON was relieved .
bath	PERSON took a bath . The water became very dirty . He then showered . He made some warm milk . Then he went to sleep .	It was time to bathe the kids . The two autistic kids made a huge mess . The babies squirmed all over the place . The little girl wanted to play until the water got cold . Once they were dry and in bed , I could get a bath .	PERSON loved to bath every single day . One day he realized that his shower was broken . He quickly called a repairman . The repair man was able to fix the issue in less than an hour . Then , PERSON was able to take his daily bath .	PERSON was taking a bath one day . The water was too cold . PERSON made the water hot . The water was so hot that it burned PERSON 's skin . PERSON took showers from that day on .	PERSON played outside all day . She grew very muddy . At dusk her mom called her inside . Then she gave PERSON a sudsy bubble bath . PERSON emerged nice and clean again !
sunshine	PERSON never wanted to go outside . His mother told him he needed to get some sunshine . PERSON thought that sunshine was overrated . He finally decided to go outside . The sunshine felt so good that he never wanted to go back inside !	PERSON wanted a perfect tan . She was outside . She kept moving her chair to have an even tan . There was a light post casting a shadow . Her tan looked very nice .	I went to the beach . I had on a sticker on my chest . I fell asleep . And I got sunburned . The sticker made a nice tan line .	A man was deathly ill . He got a little better . He felt good enough to leave his house . The sunshine felt so good . He decided to try to go outside more often .	PERSON was sweating from the summer heat . She sat down at her desk and kicked off her shoes . A sudden strong breeze came roaring through her window . PERSON sighed with relief and wiggled her toes gleefully . She decided it was n't such a terribly hot day after all .
broken laptop	PERSON dropped his laptop . The screen broke . It was basically unusable . He ordered a new screen online . He was able to fix it himself .	PERSON had an old laptop . He did n't want to replace it . After a while it kept breaking too much . He could n't keep fixing it . PERSON bought finally bought a replacement .	I accidentally dropped my laptop on the ground . The screen was shattered . The typing keys fell out everywhere . While sobbing , I collected all of the pieces . It took a month , but I was able to put everything back together .	My daughter received a new laptop to replace a broken one . A day after she got it she told me that she broke the new one . She said she tripped over the cat and it fell . I saw the cracked screen and was pretty upset . She finally told me it was a joke and just a screensaver crack .	PERSON got a new laptop . She used it everyday . All the sudden though it stopped working . So she had to take it in . PERSON got it back a week later .
PERSON 's pet	PERSON told me that his mom was going to get them a dog ! He was so excited but she said he could n't pick it out . He was extremely unhappy after that and very angry . When his mom got home with the dog Andrew changed his mind ! He was so happy with what she picked out and he loved the puppy !	PERSON had a pet hamster named PERSON . She kept the hamster in a cage in her apartment . One day , PERSON let Moose play in a box on the floor . PERSON looked down and saw that PERSON had climbed out of the box ! Luckily she was able to catch PERSON and put him in his cage .	PERSON wanted a pet . She went to the pet store to look for one . At the pet store PERSON saw a puppy . PERSON loved the puppy and took it home . PERSON was happy she found her new pet .	PERSON decided to get a kitten . She looked online to see if one was available . She felt it was best to adopt one from a shelter . PERSON found the perfect kitten . She went to the shelter and adopted her new kitten .	One day , PERSON decided he was lonely and he would like a pet . PERSON thought about what kind of pet he would like all morning . He decided he 'd might like a dog , and so he went to the pet store . Once at the store , PERSON saw a small brown puppy and fell in love . He went home that day with a new friend .
the museum	The kids were taking a field trip . They were going to a local museum . It was full of amazing artifacts . They learned about history and science . The kids were sad to leave at the end of the day .	PERSON loved learning . She went to a new museum to learn about history . The exhibits were great ! She especially loved learning about the Civil War . PERSON felt smarter after her visit .	PERSON loved learning about things . He went to a new museum to learn about history . He looked at each exhibit . At the end of it , he was impressed . The museum had done a wonderful job teaching him about history .	During the summer the kids did not have school . PERSON was home with her babysitter during the day . They were bored so the babysitting took her to the museum . They saw many historical artifacts . PERSON learned a lot at the museum .	One day the PERSON family went to the museum . PERSON 's favorite exhibit was the dinosaur room . She thought the skeletons were cool . Mr PERSON liked the caveman display . Everyone had fun .
christmas shopping	PERSON was going shopping for toys for her kids . The toy store was packed on Black Friday . PERSON picked up the last Barbie doll at the same time as another woman . The woman rudely snatched the doll and walked away . PERSON had to settle for another type of doll .	PERSON had a big list of Christmas presents to buy . She set off for the mall and began to shop . The mall was so busy , she had to push and squeeze ! It took her five hours to shop . But when she left , she had every item on her list !	I went Christmas shopping for my oldest daughter and was to spoil her . When I got into the store it was like a circus had just been released . I had to push through people to get the items I wanted to purchase . I quickly retrieved the last item I was getting and proceeded to pay . I went to pay for the gifts and the total was two hundred dollars .	It was almost time to begin Christmas shopping for the year . Sue was really dreading it . The mall was always so busy at that time of year . She decided to do all of her Christmas shopping online . In two hours , she was done , and had n't even had to get dressed .	I went Christmas shopping last weekend . First I tried the mall , but it was too packed with people . Next I went to the shops on Main Street . I found the perfect gift for my mom , but could n't buy it due to price . I headed back to the mall where it was on sale for fifty dollars less .
wings	PERSON needed to beat her coffee crash before volleyball practice . She chugged a Red Bull , and bought one for the road . She sipped the second one as she walked to practice . In the 10 minutes it took to walk there , she had drank it all . PERSON was all over the court after two Red Bulls .	PERSON watched the sky . He saw the beautiful birds flying . He saw them spread their wings . The wings were filled with feathers . PERSON went home thinking about how special wings are !	PERSON was very hungry . She decided to order chicken wings . Then she went and picked them up . They smelled delicious ! PERSON hurried home to eat them .	PERSON ordered extra spicy chicken wings from her favorite pizzeria . But when they arrived , they were very mild ! PERSON was disappointed . She called back and explained the issue . They sent her out fresh wings right away - VERY spicy ones !	PERSON went to the city of LOCATION . She saw the sights , but then she grew hungry . PERSON had heard of the famous Buffalo wings . She entered a restaurant and eagerly ordered a dozen wings . When they came , PERSON found them to be delicious !
cold shower	PERSON took his time in the shower . The water got cold . He got out of the shower . His roommate came home . His roommate took a cold shower .	PERSON was trying to take a shower . For some reason no hot water was coming out . PERSON checked the boiler to see the problem . The pilot light had gone out . PERSON lit it again and took a shower after a few hours .	PERSON made his college schedule without any morning classes . He bragged to his three roommates with early classes . On the first day of the semester PERSON got to sleep in late . He got out of bed and went to the shared shower . But his roommates had used all the hot water and it was freezing cold .	PERSON stayed up late . He had to go to work early in the morning . He had a hard time getting up . PERSON decided to take a cold shower . It woke him up in the worst way possible .	PERSON came back from a jog . He needed to take a shower . The bathroom was occupied . PERSON was too impatient to wait . He grabbed a bucket of water and soap and bathed outside .
money	There once was a requester on mturk . They put up hits asking people to write stories . The stories got progressively weirder . One person in particular caught the eye of the requester . This led to the requester giving that person a high paying qual .	PERSON was walking . He suddenly saw a wallet . He picked it up and tried to find the owner . He could not find him . He kept it .	PERSON was at the laundromat . As he opened a dryer to insert his clothes , he saw something . There was a wadded-up hundred dollar bill in the dryer ! PERSON looked around , but no one else was there . He shrugged and pocketed the money happily .	The trial going on needed an expert witness . The expert witness was expensive . The expert witness was 10k but we 'll worth it . The expert was able to help win the case . Everyone was happy with the work the expert did	Fran was really broke . She started doing all she could to get money . She needed to get caught up . She worked three jobs . Finally she was in a good place financially .
learning to ride a bike	PERSON just got a bike without training wheels . She wanted to learn how to ride it and asked her mom to help . Her mom told her the secret to riding a bike is to be confidant . So she believed in herself when she got on the bike and peddled . Having confidence worked , she rode her bike without training wheels .	I got a bike for my sixth birthday . I had trouble learning to ride it . I got on but could n't balance and pedal at the same time . I tried rolling down the driveway . That gave me enough momentum to balance and pedal my bike .	PERSON decided to help his little sister PERSON learn to ride her bike . PERSON got a new pink bike for her birthday . PERSON held the bike while PERSON got on . It had no training wheels , so PERSON ran alongside . PERSON got going fast , and rode it proudly into an evergreen bush !	Harry wanted to learn how to ride a bike . He was feeling discouraged after failing so many times . Harry kept practicing though . He finally started keeping balance . Now he can ride his bike anywhere he wants to .	PERSON was ready to ride a bike . He did not know how but his dad wanted to teach him . He put his helmet on and his dad took off the training wheels . Fred got on the bike and his dad guided him . He ended up riding all around the neighborhood .
PERSON 's promotion	PERSON worked as an accountant for an insurance company . He was the best number cruncher in the whole department . His boss offered him a promotion to an office in LOCATION . PERSON quickly accepted and packed his bags . When his plane landed he knew he 'd made the right choice .	PERSON has been working very hard at work . His manager has recognized his overtime and commitment . PERSON gets called into his manager 's office . PERSON receives a promotion . PERSON celebrates with his friends .	PERSON is promoted beyond his skillset . Jeff appears to be confused and disoriented on the job . Many of PERSON 's direct reports appear lost and confused . They seem disorganized and non functional . Perhaps PERSON should be fired .	PERSON was always passed over for promotions . One day , PERSON talked to his manager about this . His manager gave him the materials to study . He learned everything he needed to know within a few months . He finally got a much deserved promotion .	PERSON wants to promoted to assistant manager at the coffee shop . She tells her boss she is ready to work extra hard for the promotion . PERSON comes in early and stays late to show her dedication . Finally PERSON is promoted to assistant manager of the coffee shop . However , she begins to wonder if it was worth all the work .
bear attack	PERSON was on a hike in the woods . She had always been in this area but all of a sudden a bear appeared . PERSON was scared but remained calm . She made loud noises to scare the bear away . The bear ran away and PERSON ran back home .	PERSON was hiking in the woods . He heard some screams up ahead . He went to investigate and saw someone fighting a bear . PERSON made loud noises and scared the bear off . The other person was hurt but survived .	Last May I was out hunting near the barn . I noticed some larger than normal tracks . All of a sudden a big bear appeared . It roared and ran at me . Luckily I shot it and scared it away .	PERSON was setting up the tent near the forest . He went inside of the tent after it was set up . However , a bear appeared out of nowhere . It slashed the top of the tent . PERSON was stuck for several minutes .	PERSON was hiking with friends . He was leading the pack . All of a sudden they ran into a bear . PERSON 's friends all ran . PERSON was left behind but was still able to escape .
PERSON 's headache	PERSON had had a headache all day . She took some over-the-counter painkillers to subdue the pain . Nothing seemed to help her discomfort . She found it difficult to concentrate all day . Her headache remained until she stepped into her home after her shift .	PERSON woke up with a terrible headache . She had been up late the night before studying for a big test . PERSON looked in her bathroom for some pain killers . When she could n't find any , she asked her roommate for medicine . PERSON 's roommate gave her two tylenols to help with her headache .	PERSON had been getting really bad headaches lately . The headaches went on for weeks . PERSON finally decided to see a doctor about his headaches . At the doctor he receives frightening news . PERSON has a tumor growing on his head and needs it removed .	PERSON had a terrible headache . After two days she went to the doctor . The doctor did a brain scan . He found out PERSON had an aneurysm . The doctor was able to save her life .	PERSON had a really bad headache . He had only gotten a few hours of sleep the night before . He decided to make himself a cup of coffee . The caffeine energized him and gave him energy . PERSON 's headache went away with the help of the coffee .
construction	It was finally fixed . It was a construction project . They had been working on it for months . It was a lane that was partly on the water . The closest exit was a mile away .	PERSON was new to construction work . On his first day he did n't know how to pour the cement . The boss yelled at PERSON for messing up . The crew could n't fix it and left it for a day . Later that day , a car hit the bad cement and crashed .	PERSON walked the same path to work everyday . There were not many buildings on the way to work . He enjoyed the pleasant , calming walk . Later he saw construction began at a location near his walking path . He changed his route to avoid the loud construction noises .	PERSON was building her dream home . The construction was stalled . There were lots of permits that needed to be secured . PERSON drove by every day . She was so relieved when she saw construction had started again .	PERSON was running late to work . He tried to take a shortcut away from the highway . However , when he did , he ended up in a construction zone . He had to wait for the workers to finish . Once they were done he was able to pass , but he was still late .
hiccups	PERSON tried everything to cure her hiccups . Water , breath holding , peanut butter - everything ! But nothing worked . She had to just wait them out . It took a full hour for PERSON 's hiccups to trail off .	PERSON was hiccuping non stop . We took her to the doctor and they could n't help . We flipped her and made her hold her breath and that did n't help . Finally we decided to smack her on the tummy gently . She stopped hiccupping .	PERSON was going to call her boyfriend but got hiccups . She drank a glass of water , but it did n't stop the hiccups . She asked her mother to scare her , but it did n't work either . She called her boyfriend anyway . She said hello and then hiccuped very loudly and got embarrassed .	Pam had the hiccups . It was lasting more than 10 minutes . She tried everything but could n't get rid of them . PERSON became very frustrated . She started to watch TV and did n't notice her hiccups anymore .	PERSON had a bad case of the hiccups . He drank water and held his breath . But his hiccups did n't go away . His chest began to hurt from . And he had to go the doctor 's office .
learning to fly	PERSON always wanted to fly as a kid . PERSON decided to follow his dream . PERSON decided to join the Air Force to become a pilot . A few years later , PERSON was flying fighter jets . PERSON is happy that he pursued his dream in life .	It was PERSON 's first flying lesson today . He was nervous , but excited . He got into the plane with his instructor . They took off and were flying . PERSON could n't believe it , he was flying a plane !	PERSON was taking flying lessons in the next town over . The instructor had given him reading material to memorize . So , he spent three afternoons reading up on aircraft maintenance . He then scheduled an appointment for his next lesson . When he arrived , the instructor quizzed him and he passed it .	PERSON had always wanted to fly an airplane . After years of dreaming he finally signed up for lessons . He spent months studying and practicing . Last week PERSON went on his first solo flight . It was everything he had ever dreamed of .	PERSON always loved airplanes . He decided to go to flight school . It was great fun and he was very dedicated . He got his flight license . PERSON became a well paid pilot .
PERSON breaks his neck	PERSON is skating . PERSON is showing off . PERSON falls and lands on his neck . He is taken to the hospital . PERSON has a broken neck and needs time to heal .	PERSON is skiing on the Mountains . He is having the time of his life . PERSON is going to fast down the slope . He hits a hidden rock and ascends into the air . PERSON falls on his neck crushing his spine .	PERSON is a dare devil . He likes to try extreme stuff . One day PERSON decides to jump over a short tree . PERSON gets a running start and Jumps . He falls short and breaks his neck on the fall .	PERSON and his friends were wrestling . They were wrestling outside in his backyard . PERSON decided he wanted to do a super move from top of the house . He climbed on top of the house and jumped down . PERSON broke his neck falling on top of his friend .	PERSON is outside cutting down trees . He cuts down a bunch of trees . PERSON gets tired . As he is cutting down the last tree it falls on him . The tree breaks PERSON 's neck .
cartoons	PERSON was very tired . His mother did not want him to sleep yet . She decided to turn on cartoons for him . He watched his shows with excitement . When bedtime came , PERSON did not want to sleep .	PERSON 's mother told her she could n't watch cartoons until she cleaned . PERSON hated cleaning . She worked very slow because she hated it so much . By the time she was done , the cartoons were no longer playing . PERSON learned to try harder when cleaning next time .	PERSON at first felt that her baby should n't watch TV so early in life . Then her mom babysat her infant son , and PERSON caught a few glimpses . The modern TV programs were n't like she remembered . They were actually educational , teaching counting , ABCs and morals ! PERSON decided TV was good for her baby after all .	PERSON was always interested in how cartoons were made . He signed up for animation classes at his local college . He learned how to program and animate cartoons . PERSON eventually hired several people to work on a cartoon with him . They made a fantastic cartoon that was put on TV .	At 7 Year 's old PERSON did n't like cartoons . He would rather watch Law and Order . He liked murder not talking animals . So he would watch crime shows all day . PERSON was a sociopath and killed his family at twelve .
chickens	PERSON has just learned about dinosaurs . He would like to see a dinosaur , but his teacher says they 're gone . He asks his dad , just to be sure . PERSON says he knows of a place with real , live dinosaurs cousins . Together they go to a chicken farm .	PERSON got some chickens . He fed them every day . One day he noticed his chickens would n't get up . He was worried but soon he found why . Those chickens laid eggs .	PERSON 's new neighbors have pet chickens in their yard . Every day PERSON passes by them and admires them . She thinks the chickens are very cute and wants some of her own . After looking into the laws she decides to buy a few chickens ! PERSON buys herself some chickens and raises them herself .	Last year we decided to get chickens . We got them as chicks and I raised them . They are so cute as chicks , but so messy ! I handled them multiple times a day . Now the chickens come up to us for head-pets !	We went to the feed store the other day . In the feed store , they had a bunch of baby chickens . I wanted to buy one , but had no money . I had to leave without a chicken . I still think of those chickens sometimes with regret .
PERSON loses a bet	PERSON was watching the baseball game . He was very confident in his team . PERSON decided to bet a day 's wages on his team . PERSON 's face begin to turn red as the final score was shown . PERSON lost a day 's wages betting on his team .	PERSON bets he can swim faster than his friend . They get into the pool . They begin to swim . They race each other . PERSON loses the race and the bet .	PERSON was having a fun game of basketball . He was playing with his friend george . Suddenly PERSON challenged him to a bet . PERSON accepted the bet with confidence . PERSON lost by 20 points and was humiliated by PERSON .	PERSON was playing a video game with PERSON . The two were playing call of duty . The winner would be the one who gets the most Kills . PERSON loses to PERSON and has to run around naked in the street . PERSON is totally humiliated running through the street naked .	PERSON is playing his buddy in a game of basketball . PERSON makes a bet he could beat his friend for 20 dollars . PERSON plays the game with his friend and loses . PERSON is humbled and pays up to his friend . PERSON wo n't be making any more bets in the future .
rainy day	PERSON wanted to take a walk to the store . It was raining , so he brought an umbrella . The wind snatched PERSON ' umbrella way . PERSON got very wet chasing his umbrella . When he finally caught it , it had stopped raining .	The boy was playing in the yard . But then it started to rainy . The boy 's mother called for him to come inside . The boy still wanted to play . The boy decided to play video games instead .	PERSON wanted to go outside and play . Unfortunately , it was raining . She decided to make the best of it . She put her coat and boots on and went out to play in the rain . She learned there are lots of ways to have fun , even in the rain .	Today , my daughter asked me to go outside to play . I told her no because it looked like it was going to rain . She begged until i took her outside . She played on the swingset happily for five minutes . It started raining and we had to go back inside , just like I said .	PERSON wanted to go hiking . The weather was rainy and windy . He decided to stay in instead . He read a book and watched television . He figured he would just hike another day .
the donkey	The farm had a lot of animals . The kids ' favorite was the donkey . His name was Old Red . They fed him a carrot and petted his nose . Old Red was a fun animal to play with .	PERSON bought a new donkey . He was a farmer and needed a strong animal to help in plow . The donkey got hooked up to the plow . He refused to walk forward , no matter what PERSON did . PERSON took him back to the store for a refund .	The kids liked touring the farm . They saw a funny donkey in the field . They petted him and fed him a carrot . The donkey nuzzled them and then ran away . The kids had learned a lot about him .	PERSON bought a farm . He added a donkey to his list of animals . The donkey was a lot of fun ! He named it Barney and would lead it around the pasture . PERSON was happy to have a fun new pet .	PERSON wanted to buy a horse . He did n't know anything about them . He called a farmer and told him what he was looking for . The next day , the farmer dropped an animal off and collected $ 3000 . PERSON was too stupid to realize it was a donkey instead .
shots	A doctor came in to give her a shot in the back . It made her numb from the waist down . She could no longer feel anything . The contractions were getting stronger . She relaxed , feeling at peace .	I went to the doctor because I was sick . I had to wait in the waiting room . The nurse called me back . I waited in the room for the doctor . The doctor brought me shots to get better .	PERSON was in the dentist chair . He was preparing to do an emergency extraction . He walked towards her with a needle . She was afraid of needles , so she closed her eyes . She heard a popping sound as the needle broke the skin on her palate .	PERSON knew he was going to go drinking . He went to a store and bought some shot glasses . He needed to be able to count how much he drinks . He got drunk and lost count . In the end , it did not matter if he bought the glasses .	PERSON had a checkup today . He was scheduled to get shots . His mommy took him to the doctor . PERSON was scared , but he stayed brave . He got the shots , and did n't even cry .
dirty laundry	I had a big pile of dirty laundry . I left to go run errands . When I got home my pile of dirty laundry was gone . I asked PERSON if she had seen my clothes . PERSON said PERSON took my laundry to the laundromat .	PERSON was doing laundry . He forgot about it in the wash . When he remembered it had been in there for hours . It smelled gross and damp . PERSON had to wash it again .	Doing laundry is PERSON 's least favorite activity . He usually lets it pile up until he has nothing clean ! His girlfriends always nag him about it . PERSON lives alone so he figures it 's only his business . Then his girlfriend moved in and always did the wash for him .	PERSON woke up one morning and got up to put clothes on . When he looked for an outfit , he could not find anything to wear . PERSON noticed he had a lot of dirty laundry and decided to wash it . After loading the clothes into the washer , he began to wait . After drying the clothes , PERSON had a nice outfit to wear .	Mark fell in a mud puddle and needed to clean his clothes . He went to a laundromat but he was too dirty to let in . The owner told him to go around the back if he wanted to be clean . Mark around the laundromat and the owner greeted him with a hose . The dirt and mud washed away as PERSON was hosed down .
peaches	PERSON went walking down the street in NYC . A man came up and asked her how much . PERSON thought the man thought she was a prostitute . She was very angry and told him where to go . The man said he just wanted to buy the bag of peaches she had .	I was in LOCATION . My friend told me to try the peaches in LOCATION . I decided to follow his advice and I rode down to LOCATION . I went to a peach orchard and purchased a crate of peaches . They were the best peaches that I had ever eaten !	When I was pregnant , I started craving peaches . One day , I ate a large fresh peach . The juice dribbled , and it was delicious . When I was done , my stomach started hurting . I was in pain for at least an hour .	July is the season for peaches . We got two buckets of peaches this year . We made jam from the peaches . We also made peach sauce for ice cream ! It was hard work , but all the peaches are gone now .	PERSON is allergic to peaches . One day , her friend unknowingly gave her a peach pie . PERSON ate the pie very quickly . She had a terrible allergic reaction . Now she is recovering in the hospital .
hamburgers	PERSON loved to eat hamburgers . One day after eating a hamburger she became very ill . Her doctor told her she had food poisoning from the burger . It took her over a week to recover . PERSON does not eat hamburgers anymore .	PERSON and his sister were having friends over for hamburgers . But they did n't have patties or hamburger breads . So PERSON drove to the store to get the stuff for hamburgers . He found the best patties and the best hamburger breads . He took them home and began to cook hamburgers .	PERSON decided to grill hamburgers . He bought the meat and all the fixings . He formed patties for the burgers . He started outside to fire up the grill . When PERSON got outside , he realized he was out of charcoal !	I had lunch with my coworkers today . We got some fast food Everyone ordered a hamburger . We all picked the same toppings . It was weird but interesting .	I have enjoyed hamburgers since I was a little girl . I like them cooked to medium rare . I like to add mustard , ketchup and pickles to them . I usually eat hamburgers 2 times a month . I think I will cook one this weekend .
moving away	I am moving away from my family home next month . It will be the first time I do not live at home . I want to bring a keepsake with me to remember home by . I carved a wooden block into the shape of my home state . I intend to attach it to the wall above my desk after moving .	PERSON had to move from one city to another with her parents . She was sad to leave all of her friends behind . When PERSON went to her new school she was very nervous and afraid . PERSON had a hard time making friends at first . After a while PERSON eventually made new friends and was happy again .	PERSON moved across two states to be with the love of her life . She met him online , in a forum for Mturk . Nobody believed them at first , until they moved in together last month . They are planning to get married and start a new life together . They 're happy and content .	PERSON was in an unhappy marriage . One day , she decided that she would leave her husband . She asked her husband to leave and put their house up for sale . The house sold , and PERSON moved to a little cottage by the bay . PERSON was happy and felt that she made the right choice .	PERSON 's friend PERSON moved away for a new job . This made PERSON feel lonely and sad . PERSON phoned PERSON and they talked all night . They arranged for PERSON to go and visit for a holiday . PERSON loved seeing her friend and felt much happier .
stood up	PERSON was set up on a blind date . He waited at the restaurant for her to arrive . She was late . After a while PERSON called her to see where she was . She never answered or showed up .	PERSON was supposed to go on a date with PERSON . He looked at his watch . She was an hour late . He figured she would never come . He ended up being right and he never saw her again .	PERSON asked PERSON out in a date . PERSON said yes . PERSON got to the restaurant on time and waited . An hour past and PERSON still did not come . PERSON was stood up .	PERSON had been invited to the football game by a boy . She waited for him outside the stadium like they had planned . Soon too much time passed and he never arrived . She was humiliated assuming that he had stood her up . Luckily the next day he apologized and explained an emergency .	PERSON was going to help her cousin at his small business . He needed her to sew some things for a project . But he never arrived to pick her up . PERSON was upset to be stood up . But at least she did n't have to spend her day sewing .
christmas eve	PERSON 's mother told her that LOCATION would come when she was sleeping . PERSON was too excited to go asleep . She thought she heard reindeer on the roof . She ran out of her bedroom to see LOCATION . Instead , she saw her parents putting presents under the tree .	It was Christmas Eve and PERSON still had n't bought gifts . He raced to the mall . In the mall he saw many things were out of stock . He was not satisfied with what he came out with . PERSON decided he would never wait that long to buy gifts .	It was Christmas eve . I had to sneak the presents under the Christmas tree . In the middle of the night , my daughter discovered what I was doing . That 's when she learned that LOCATION was n't real . Christmas morning was awkward and terrible for my daughter .	It was Christmas Eve . PERSON was restless and could n't sleep . He quietly tip toed to the living room . He saw his parents packaging up presents . PERSON questioned if LOCATION LOCATION really existed the following morning .	Christmas eve is an exciting time of the year . I love waiting , but also hate it . My parents usually give me a lot of cool gifts for Christmas . Last year my parents bought me an Apple Watch . Waiting for a gift makes the gift more exciting .
mugging	PERSON was late for an appointment . He decided to cut through an alley to save time . Two thieves in the alley accosted him and demanded his wallet . PERSON complied and handed over his wallet . They took his cash , threw the wallet to the ground , and ran away .	PERSON went to a late movie with a friend . After the show , the two men left the theater separately . PERSON had a long walk to his car in the parking lot . On his way , PERSON was confronted by a man with a switchblade knife . The man took PERSON 's wallet and ran !	PERSON walked around in LOCATION on a fall evening . He was trying to find a good friend who he was supposed to meet . Someone mugged him to steal his wallet and cell phone . There were no witnesses . The police said they could not help him .	PERSON was at a park with his friends late at night . They were laughing and joking around . Someone came to the park and held them up . PERSON got hit in the face . Since then , he 's been nervous about being out after dark .	PERSON was walking home from the bar late at night . Suddenly a strange man approached him . The man demanded all of PERSON 's money . PERSON , terrified , handed over his wallet . The stranger got away with all his ID and almost $ 200 in cash !
spaghetti	PERSON loved to love . Her speciality was spaghetti . She decided to cook for her family . As she was cooking , she knocked a bottle in the sauce . When she served the dish , she realized it and it was horrible .	PERSON was boiling spaghetti noodles for her dish . She got distracted while cooking . When she finally came back to the kitchen , her pot was out of water . Her noodles were burned . PERSON could not believe she had burned noodles .	PERSON wanted to cook her boyfriend dinner . She decided to cook spaghetti . She made the sauce from scratch and boiled the noodles . She even grated fresh parmesan cheese . Everything turned out perfectly and he loved it .	PERSON was boiling spaghetti . She received a phone call and ran upstairs . The smoke alarm started going off . When she got downstairs , spaghetti had run out of water . She had burnt her spaghetti noodles .	Melody and PERSON 's mother always used to make them spaghetti . After she passed , her cooking was one of the things they remembered . Melody eventually offered to make the spaghetti for PERSON . PERSON did n't think she could do it right , but Melody was determined . PERSON admitted the spaghetti was great , and tasted like their mom 's .
chocolate cake	June was making a cake . She forgot to buy sugar . She did not have any at home . She used applesauce instead . It turned out wonderful !	My mother baked a chocolate cake . When it was done , she took it out of the oven . She left it alone in the kitchen to cool . When she got back , there was a footprint in it . My cat had stepped on the cake !	PERSON made a chocolate cake for her boyfriend . Her boyfriend took a bite . He thought it was delicious . He immediately wanted some more . To thank her , he gave her a huge kiss .	It was PERSON 's birthday . His co-workers decided to buy him a chocolate cake . They did n't know PERSON was allergic to chocolate . PERSON was n't able to eat the cake . His co-workers brought a lemon cake the next day .	PERSON baked a cake . She put on chocolate icing . She gave it to her sister for her birthday . Her sister threw it at the wall . PERSON knew her sister was allergic to chocolate .
discovery	It was the first time hanging out with my cousin . We went to an arcade to play a few games . We also decided to take a walk in the park . Although we 're not close , she said a lot of things . My impression of her became more positive .	Jan checked to make sure no one was around . Her two older brothers had been sneaking around the garden lately . Being a curious child , PERSON wanted to know what they were up to . She carefully opened the door to her brother 's room . Inside the back of their closet , she found several jars with spiders .	One day a scientist was trekking through the jungle . He found tripped over a mossy log . He got up and looked at the log . He saw some little ants crawling on the log . What luck , they were a new species of ants !	PERSON was out for a walk . Then she happened to find an object on the ground . She saw that it was a diamond ring ! PERSON took the ring to get appraised . The jeweler told her it was worth three thousand dollars !	PERSON loved to drink coffee every morning . He often would drink a pot of coffee all by himself . PERSON began to get heartburn a lot . He began to drink less coffee . PERSON 's decreased coffee intake helped alleviate his heartburn .
beggar	My dog , PERSON , knows not to beg . He knows that worst case he gets told to lay down . Best case scenario begging will get him something . He is rewarded when he does n't beg . He feels better when begging .	The man gave the beggar some money . The beggar took the money . The man thought the beggar should have thanked him . The next day he did not give the beggar any money . The beggar sneered at the man .	Oscar just left a grocery store . But someone outside asked him for bus money . And PERSON gave him a few dollars . Later , he saw the person buying beer at a convenience store . And PERSON decided to never give money to beggars anymore .	PERSON saw an old woman begging on the street . PERSON felt very bad for her . She approached the old woman . Then she handed her a $ 20 bill . The old woman thanked PERSON profusely .	PERSON could n't find a job . So he decided to beg for money . He wore dirty , old clothes and help up a sign on the street . And he made minimum wage . Matt begged for two months until he found a job .
spa day	PERSON was pregnant . She needed to relax . So she scheduled a spa day . It was great . She left feeling refreshed .	The dog has been itching and scratching a lot lately . I took a look at her belly while we were playing this afternoon . I noticed several red marks and sores on her belly . Apparently fall is a rough time with dogs and allergies . I made an appointment with the vet for a bath and exam this Friday .	PERSON had been really stressed at work lately . She wanted to do something to help her relax . One the table she noticed an ad for a spa . She called the spa and set an appointment . She went to her appointment and got a wonderful massage .	PERSON was feeling down about herself . She decided that she deserved to be pampered . She asked a friend to join her at the spa . PERSON booked manicures for her and her friend . PERSON 's day of pampering made her feel better about herself .	PERSON was very stressed out . She decided to call the day off from work and give herself a spa day . She got a massage . After the massage she got a manicure and pedicure . PERSON felt very relaxed at the end of the day .
tv show	PERSON desperately wanted to be on TV . She read that a game show was interviewing contestants at the LOCATION . She drove over , and interviewed . A few weeks later , she got a call : she would be a contestant ! It was her dream come true !	PERSON missed her favorite TV show . She called her best friend to see if she had recorded it . As there was no answer she decided to check on the Internet . She had a chance to download it illegally . But she chose to wait for her friend so she would n't break the law .	PERSON was watching her favorite show on tv . The power went out , preventing her from finishing . PERSON ran outside , and down the street as fast as she could . She ran 5 blocks to her friend 's house . Their tv worked , but by the time she arrived the show was over .	I watched the first few episodes of a cartoon but did n't like it . I thought my friend would like it . I told her about it and encouraged her to watch it . Now she is obsessed with this cartoon . We joke about how I dislike it but allowed her to find it .	PERSON was on a TV show . He started to party a lot . His boss asked him to cut back . Until he cleaned up his act , the show was put on hold . But it went back on air .
birthday	This month is Chanel 's 21st Birthday . She wants a grand party with family and friends . As the day approaches , a hurricane is scheduled to arrive . Upset and angry , Chanel went into panic mode about her party . When the day arrives , the hurricane passed and she enjoys her party .	My niece 's college roommate turned 20 yesterday . They drove from LOCATION to LOCATION . They played music on the radio and sang on the way up . They had dinner in a nice restaurant . Her roommate had a nice day .	Today was PERSON 's birthday . She knew her family had planned a party for her . She went to their house and wore her favorite red dress . All her friends and family were there and she was very happy . PERSON had a very happy birthday thanks to her family and friends !	Ally was n't sure what to get for PERSON 's birthday . She decided to make him a gift . Since he liked chess , she made him custom chess pieces . He was delighted to receive the gift . Now Ally and PERSON play chess every week with her beautiful pieces .	I sent a DD gift card to my niece . She had broken her foot . She was grateful . Later she sent me a belated birthday gift . I was pleased .
war	Many years ago , there was a huge war . It involved many of the countries from all over the world . In the end , one side prevailed . Now most of the countries who were involved are allies . Time can change many things .	There was a war going on . PERSON was a good soldier and worked hard for his company . He did n't like having to hurt other people and it bothered him . When it was time to reenlist , PERSON decided to become a civilian . The art school he founded is very successful .	A young boy named PERSON joined the military . He thought he was defending his land . In his years fighting he became a man . When he finally left the military he was n't the same . PERSON saw nothing worth saving in his home anymore and ended his life .	After the twin tower attacks , my boyfriend was sent to LOCATION . He was to stand guard on the border . I feared greatly for his life . He was gone for over a year when I got the news . He had passed away , and would be sent home soon .	He never really liked to talk about it . Not many people who have been in war do ! But he made sure to tell his children about the war . He wanted to let them know what happened so they would know . He was proud of his service but hated the idea of war .
PERSON 's dress	PERSON was so excited for prom , she already had a date , and her tickets . The only thing missing was the perfect dress . She went to the mall with a group of friends to start the search . After 4 stores and over 20 dresses she finally found the perfect one . Her friends gasped as she walked out and she knew , it was perfect .	PERSON 's prom was coming up in a few months . She was thinking of the dress she wanted . PERSON decided she would sew her own dress . She bought her materials at the fabric store . PERSON had the most unique dress at the dance .	PERSON got a new dress . Her dress was so big and blue . Her mom told her to be careful not to trip . PERSON was running up some steps . She tripped and tore a hole in her dress .	My friend PERSON had a nice black dress . She always wore it and considered it her favorite . PERSON took it to the cleaners recently . She was very upset because they damaged it during cleaning . She ended up getting her money back for the damage done .	PERSON loved her white dress . One day , PERSON dropped some ketchup on her dress . PERSON was very said that her favorite dress was dirty . However , PERSON 's dad cleaned her dress in the laundry . The dress came out all clean and PERSON was very happy !
big brother	LOCATION wanted to be a big brother . He asked his parents for a baby sibling . His parents also wanted to have a new baby . LOCATION 's parents tried to conceive for months . In a year 's time LOCATION became a big brother to a baby girl .	PERSON hated it when his little brother PERSON followed him around . PERSON did n't like that PERSON was always asking him questions . One day , PERSON had to bring PERSON along to a friend 's house . PERSON decided to leave PERSON at his friend 's house for the night . After going home , PERSON 's mother grounded him for a week .	PERSON was always picking on his younger brother PERSON . One day PERSON got tired of being bullied . PERSON hauled off and hit PERSON square in the nose . PERSON had blood everywhere . PERSON has learned not to pick on his younger brother .	PERSON went to the store for cigarettes . When he got back home , his mom handed him the phone . He was shocked to hear his younger sister screaming on the line . He calmed her down enough to find out where she was . PERSON raced to his sister 's location as fast as he could .	PERSON was very nervous . His mom had just had a baby . He feared he would be a bad big brother . Then he held his little sister and saw her smile . He realized that he would be a great brother because he loved her !
radio	PERSON 's radio broke one day . She had very little money to replace it . She went to the secondhand store . There , she found a similar radio to the one that 'd broke . She bought it for a great price and took it home happily !	A man was a radio host . A fan recognized his voice . The fan wanted an autograph . The radio host was happy to oblige . The fan left the encounter feeling happy .	PERSON found an old radio in the attic . It had belonged to her mom many years ago . PERSON brought it downstairs and dusted it off . Then she plugged it in . To her joy , it still worked !	PERSON 's radio needed to be fixed . So he looked up on how to fix the radio . PERSON started to fix the radio . The radio was fixed . PERSON listened to radio well he slept .	The man listened to the radio in his car . The signal became weak . He tried to find another station . He could not find a station he liked . He turned off the radio in his car .
choking	PERSON had too much to drink during band practice tonight . When he came home he sat in his favorite chair and passed out . While he was sleeping he began to choke on his saliva . The choking woke him up quite abruptly . Once he was done choking and coughing he passed back out .	PERSON was at a restaurant . Another patron started to choke on his food . PERSON went over to try to help . He smacked the guy 's back a few times . The food dislodged from the patron 's throat .	I was eating an apple when I began to choke . I got really scared and stood up to alert someone . A stranger came over and asked if I was choking . I nodded my head frantically . She turned me around and popped the apple out of my throat .	My 98 year old friend visited me today . I went up to his apartment as he lunched . His daughter called while he was eating . He started coughing heavily , causing his daughter to be concerned . He eventually stopped coughing , and she was relieved .	PERSON took apart her chicken wing . She tried to take a bite out of the thigh . After it was swallowed , it got stuck in her through . She was trying to cough it out . In addition , her friend helped her take out .
rainbow	One night I was feeling pretty down . My boyfriend I had broken up . I decided to take the garbage out that night . As I approached the night sky a bright rainbow shimmered through . I instantly felt hopeful in-spite of what was happening .	PERSON was going for a bike ride on a sunny day . Halfway through , it began to pour down rain . She stopped under a bridge to wait out the rain . Once the rain cleared , she saw a rainbow across the sky . She was sad it had rained , but the beautiful rainbow made up for it .	PERSON loved nature . His girlfriend loved rainbows . PERSON was driving home one day and saw a rainbow . He took a picture of it and sent it to his girlfriend . She smiled and appreciated the picture .	PERSON 's whole weekend was ruined by rain . Her summer plans were all washed out ! But then Sunday afternoon the rain ceased , and PERSON went outside . There she saw something breathtaking . A gorgeous double rainbow illuminated the whole sky !	PERSON wanted to see a rainbow . One afternoon it rained hard . PERSON was so excited ! She sat at her window and stared outside eagerly . When the rainy stopped , there was her rainbow !
pierced ears	PERSON 's roommates convinced her to let them pierce her ears . They put two ice cubes in front of and behind her earlobe to numb it . PERSON jabbed the sewing needle through PERSON 's numb ear . PERSON fainted from the pain . They decided not to pierce her other ear .	Fran 's mother wanted to pierce the baby 's ears . It was a tradition to pierce all girl babies ' ears after birth . PERSON was uneasy with the idea , she wanted to wait . She tried to talk to her mother , who did n't understand Fran . Fran ultimately decided not to pierce her baby 's ears .	PERSON had just had a baby . She wanted her baby to have pierced ears . They went to the piercing parlor . The piercer swabbed the baby 's ears and pierced them . PERSON 's baby barely even cried !	PERSON was getting her ears pierced . She was n't afraid at all . Until she sat in the chair ! They gave her a teddy bear to hug while they pierced her ears . It hurt a little , but it was over fast .	PERSON gave birth to a baby girl last week . Her mom wanted to have the baby 's ears pierced now . It 's a family tradition for the girls ears to be pierced after birth . PERSON did not approve of this . PERSON 's had the baby 's ears pierced without her consent .
PERSON	PERSON bullied a lot of other boys at school . He found great pleasure in it . One day he bullied the wrong boy and PERSON got a black eye . He went home and his dad bet him even more that night . PERSON knew his violence would never prevent his own abuse .	PERSON was in a wheelchair . On his first day of high school , he was terrified . He feared the students would mock him . But he got a very pleasant surprise instead . Every single student was kind to him !	PERSON was a homeless man in my home town . He had a drinking problem and lost everything . PERSON found shelter and help from a local church . The church helped PERSON get on the right path . PERSON is now sober and repairing his life .	PERSON lived many years ago in a rural village . She decided to throw a party for the tribal elders . The party was great . Everyone in town thanked her . She gained many new friends because of this .	PERSON forgot his insulin shot before he went to work . while he was at work he began to feel funny . Then he remembered that he forgot to take his shot . He had his friend drive him home so he could take his shot . PERSON got his shot and everything turned out alright .
interview	PERSON had an interview scheduled on Tuesday . She really needed the job . She was nervous and worried about the interview all week . When the date finally arrived , PERSON did her best . She managed to land the position !	PERSON had a job interview . He was nervous ! But he did his best to impress them . The next day , they called him back . They offered him the job !	PERSON had a job interview coming up . He needed to be ready for it . He went out to buy a new suit . He practiced his speaking skills . When the big day came , he was ready !	PERSON had a interview for a job . PERSON was very nervous . He went in there with a blazer . He messed up during it . He did not get the job .	PERSON was down on her luck and needed to find a job . She looked in the papers and began to hunt down employers . When she landed an interview she made sure to dress right . Once there she talked with the interviewer and hoped she did well . The next day she got a call back and was hired !
soccer practice	PERSON hated his soccer practices . He would always rather be home playing video games . No one on the team was friendly toward him . One day he tripped and broken his leg . It was painful , but the ensuing months inside were heavenly for him .	PERSON 's soccer practice had not gone according to her plans . She had had to take off her princess high heels . There had been a lot of running and chasing after a ball . After practice , she told her mom that she did n't like sweating . It was the last and only practice she ever attended .	The girls in town formed a new soccer team . They decided to practice two times a week . Each time they would work on a different skill . The new soccer team showed improvement quickly . Because of their hard work , they won their first game .	PERSON wanted to be on his school 's soccer team . He practiced hard every day with his brothers . On the day of tryouts he did a terrible job . He did n't get on the team and was humiliated . He later realized that his brothers were too young to play soccer .	PERSON had soccer practice after school . He asked his dad to pick him up . After practice was over PERSON waited for his dad . He never showed up . PERSON was disappointed yet again by his father .
state fair	My mom wanted to go to the state fair with me . She was n't sure if she 'd get the time off from work so she was upset . When her schedule came out she was happy to see that she got it off ! She also wanted to go with my girlfriend and me but that ca n't work . She decided to just go to the state fair with me instead !	PERSON and her family were attending the state fair for the weekend . It would take several hours to get there . They had entered several contests . Along the way PERSON wondered if they would win any ribbons . They finally reached the fairgrounds in the early evening .	PERSON and I wanted to go to the state fair . We were both going to go as a date , but we had to include friends . She did n't have any other days to go , so we could n't go alone . When we went with her friends we had a good time . I spent a lot of money on food but it was worth it !	We all went to the fair yesterday . The kids really enjoyed the rides . They kept going on the same ones over and over . Finally we got them to go eat some food . Then it was right back to the rides .	PERSON went to the state fair . She expected to go to the livestock show . When she got there it was nowhere in sight . She asked someone what had happen . All of the livestock was stuck in LOCATION .
lesson learned	PERSON has a Siberian husky . It sheds fur everywhere . Last week , he finally vacuumed his place . It took him hours to get it done because of the fur . Now he vacuums every week .	I went for a hike on a warm and sunny Tuesday morning . I was so excited for the hike , I forgot my jacket in the car . Halfway up the trail , the skies darkened and a nasty ice storm ensued ! I sheltered under a cold rock ledge for four frozen hours ! Mother Nature sure taught me to respect her and to always be prepared .	My mom was a very active lively woman . One day she started feeling ill and ignored the symptoms . After three long weeks of barely getting by she finally saw a doctor . At that point she was so sick she had to be hospitalized for a week . She learned that now she needs to see the doctor much sooner .	PERSON ate a piece of fruit that fell from a tree . He was n't sure what kind of fruit it was , and he started to regret it . Sure enough , his concern was warranted , as he became sick . He ran to a public trash can , and vomited the contents of his stomach . He vowed to never again eat something he ca n't identify .	The finals were tomorrow . PERSON was ill prepared . She decided that she would cheat . She was n't caught . She sighed in relief and swore to always study beforehand .
cheerleader	PERSON always wanted to be a cheerleader . When her high school had tryouts she decided to give it a shot . She did n't have much rhythm but she tried her best . A week later the results of the tryouts were posted . PERSON was overjoyed when she found out she made the squad .	PERSON wanted to be a cheerleader at her school . She worked out every day . She practiced a cheer . She went to the open tryouts at her school . She did her best cheer and made the team .	PERSON loved to dance . She tried out for the high school cheerleading squad . All of the cheerleaders laughed at her . PERSON practiced all year long after that . Now PERSON is the captain of the squad .	PERSON wanted to be a cheerleader . Tryouts at her school are soon . She practiced very hard . PERSON did her best at tryouts . She made the team !	PERSON wanted to be a cheerleader , but could n't do flips . She asked a friend to teach her to flip . Together they worked on flips for a week . When cheerleading tryouts came , PERSON did her flips perfectly . PERSON made the cheerleading squad !
vegan	I loved to eat meat . One day , I decided to become a vegan . It was hard to be vegan . Eventually , it got so hard that I could n't stop thinking about meat . Finally , I decided to give in and go back to eating meat .	PERSON ate cheese pizza . The cheese pizza made him sick . He spent the rest of the day in the bathroom . PERSON was now afraid to eat cheese . He decided to become vegan to avoid getting sick .	PERSON decided to be vegan . She thought it sounded easy . But the more she learned , the harder it got . There were animal products in almost everything ! PERSON realized it would be hard work becoming vegan .	PERSON loved eating meat . However his girlfriend was vegan . He could never decide on where to eat . PERSON hated vegan food . PERSON finally found an all you can eat buffet for both of them .	PERSON loved animals very much . PERSON read about how her animal friends became her food . PERSON decided she did n't want to eat animals anymore . PERSON became a vegan . PERSON now eats food that only comes from plants .
tooth fairy	PERSON 's tooth fell out . She placed it under her pillow before going to sleep . In the middle of the night , I placed a dollar under the pillow . She woke up and removed her pillow . She was extremely excited .	PERSON had a loose tooth . He wiggled it with his tongue at school . The tooth fell out at lunchtime . PERSON put his tooth under his pillow that night for the Tooth Fairy . When PERSON woke up the next morning , he found a shiny gold coin .	PERSON lost her tooth yesterday . She went to sleep and when she woke up she found something . She got a dollar from the tooth fairy . PERSON was happy and went and bought candy with it . She could n't wait to lose more .	PERSON had her suspicions about the tooth fairy . Why would anyone want someone else 's old teeth ? So when she lost a tooth , she set up her brothers spy camera . When she woke in the morning there was money under her pillow . On the video she did n't see anyone putting it there !	PERSON went to the dentist . She had a tooth extracted . She asked to keep the tooth . She put it under her pillow . The tooth fairy never came though .
bike	PERSON was still on training wheels , but came home with new scrapes . His parents started getting worried and asked what happened . He would always reply nothing and go on like normal . One day Dad was coming home and noticed PERSON on his bike . He was no longer using training wheels and his parents were relieved .	PERSON learned how to ride a bike today . At first , he was afraid to pedal . However , once he learned how to do that , it was easy . He learned how to stop very easily . He is currently biking around the neighborhood .	PERSON lived in an apartment and wanted to surprise his son . He wanted to give him a bike for Christmas morning . PERSON hid the bike in his friend 's garage until early Christmas morning . PERSON 's son was so surprised when he woke up and seen the bike . He wondered how LOCATION got it in the house .	PERSON wanted to go bike riding . But when he opened his garage , he could n't find his bike . He went to drive to the bicycle shop . But he noticed someone riding a bike that looked like his . But PERSON was too scared to the confront the person riding it .	PERSON wanted to buy a new bike . His old bike was completely worn down . He decided to visit his local sports and outdoors store . He left spending three hundred dollars on his bike . PERSON loves his new bike .
the chair	The man pulled out the chair . His date sat down . He pushed her chair in . She thanked him for his kindness . He assured her that she was welcome .	PERSON wanted to redo her kitchen . She selected the perfect kitchen chairs . She assembled them when they were delivered . She stepped back to admire her selection . PERSON smiled when she saw the changes in her kitchen .	PERSON had trouble sitting in his chair at school . He would fall out several times each school day . His teacher was afraid he might get hurt . She set up a meeting with PERSON 's parents . PERSON 's parents agreed to have him evaluated by a pediatrician .	Last week I bought a new chair . The new chair has a leg massager . My legs have been feeling much better since I got the new chair . I have been recommending this chair to all of my friends . Two of my friends have bought an identical chair	PERSON bought an old chair at an antique store . The chair was beat up but PERSON took it home anyway . He sat down in the chair at home and heard a crack . Seconds later the chair broke and PERSON fell . PERSON got out his wood glue and fixed the broken chair .
water bottle	PERSON was drinking water from his bottle . He squirted it at a classmate and laughed . The classmate was n't amused . They turned around and punched him in the face . PERSON went to the nurse for his wounds .	I went to the fridge to get a bottle of water . Over the next hour I completely drank the contents of the bottle . I was going to throw the bottle into the trash . I instead decided to twist the bottle until the lid launched off . The lid shut off and left a bruise on my leg .	PERSON was trying to stay hydrated . He took his water bottle to school . He put it under his desk . The bell rang to end . He forgot his water bottle .	PERSON was out hiking . He took a water bottle with him . He did n't realize he did n't close it right . All of PERSON 's water leaked out . PERSON decided to go back home instead of risk it .	It was really hot outside . I was extremely thirsty . I went to a vending machine . I got my change out of my pocket . I bought a water bottle .
lost tooth	PERSON was only four Year 's old . Today she lost her very first tooth . It was a milestone moment for her parents . Her parents immediately put money under her pillow . PERSON was happy .	My niece used to play with me in roughhouse fashion . One day she ran up to hit me . She was seven . I put my arm up and she lost her baby tooth . Her father laughed at her .	PERSON saw something weird . She noticed something bleeding in her mouth . She then realized she lost a tooth . She put it under her pillow . The tooth fairy came .	PERSON was tired of her parents trying to pull out her loose tooth . But it would n't come out ! Her brother suggested she chew bubble gum . Almost as soon as she started she felt a little tug . Her tooth had finally come out .	PERSON had a loose tooth . He thought he was going to die . His parents helped pull out his tooth . Chase was very scared . When his tooth came out he was relieved .
tornado	The PERSON 's lived in an area prone to tornadoes . There was a warning of a big one approaching them . They had similar scares in the past and decided to ride it out . Although they had a basement the winds destroyed everything . None of them survived .	When I was five , a tornado hit my town . I was terrified of the high winds and lightning . It began to hail very hard , scaring us . We hid in an empty closet with flashlights . We could hear the destruction as it went by other houses .	PERSON 's family was bracing for a tornado . They had food and supplies and a safe basement . They were able to ride out the storm . Unfortunately most of their house did n't make it . They were at least happy to be alive .	PERSON lived in tornado alley . One day there was a troubling storm brewing . The tornado sirens kept going off . His family finally went to their safe place . While there , homes in PERSON 's neighborhood were destroyed .	PERSON was mowing the lawn . The sky grew dark with rain clouds . PERSON heard the tornado sirens go off . He went inside to the basement . PERSON waited for the sirens to stop .
refund	PERSON and PERSON bought tickets for a weekend in LOCATION . Unfortunately , PERSON 's great-aunt passed away the weekend before . The girls tried to get a refund for their tickets . They had to send in a death certificate and a lot of paperwork . It was complicated , but eventually they did get their refund !	PERSON purchased a blender from the store . He was excited about his new blender . When he got home the blender did not work . He returned it to the store . He was issued a full refund .	The waiter took our order at the restaurant . She walked into the kitchen to meet several chefs . While they tried to cook the dish , the kitchen caught on fire . Our orders ended up burnt . However , a replacement dish was prepared for us , free of charge .	PERSON and his father were doing yard work outside . But their lawn mower stopped working . PERSON 's father could n't fix it . The lawn mower turned out to be defective . And they got a free refund and a future discount .	I used to think marriage was the best thing since ice cream . I learned different when my friend PERSON married PERSON . I have watched them argue , fuss and fight . Pre marriage counseling has failed them obviously . That 's why I think PERSON and PERSON deserve a refund .
the ticket	PERSON dreamed of winning the lottery . He bought lottery tickets every day for years . PERSON 's dad told him he was wasting money . Deciding to stop buying tickets , PERSON bought one last ticket . PERSON won the lottery for 5 million dollars .	PERSON was ready to board the train and go home . She checked to make sure she had all of her items . She realized that she did not have her train ticket ! She ran home from the station to find the ticket . By the time she got back to the station , the train had left .	PERSON was late for school because of her broken alarm clock . She knew she was speeding , but did n't see any police cars around . Suddenly a police car appeared in her rearview mirror . The policeman wrote her a ticket that would cost $ 200 . PERSON drove away thinking how much cheaper a new clock would have been .	I was caught speeding in my sports car . The police officer gave me a ticket . I cursed at him and threw the ticket out the window . I decided to drive off into the distance . The policeman caught me and sent me to jail .	PERSON went walking one day . While crossing the street he noticed a scrap of paper . On a whim , he picked it up . It turned out to be a concert ticket for that night ! PERSON enjoyed the free entertainment thoroughly .
gone fishing	PERSON got in a fight with his wife . He needed to clear his mind . So , he gathered up the supplies and went fishing . He thought a lot about his wife while fishing . When he came back home he brought his wife flowers and apologized .	PERSON signed up for a four week fishing class . They learned how to tie flies . Learning to cast was the hardest part . She put on her waders and set out into the river . Catching her first rainbow trout was a huge thrill .	PERSON and her grandfather were going fishing . She was only four years old and scared . Little did she know , he had a baby fishing pole for her . She was so happy to get the pole , she lost all fear . She did n't catch any fish , but found a sweet baby turtle .	PERSON was enjoying a day at the lake with his dad . They were fishing for catfish . They had to be patient , for it could take hours to get a good catch . After waiting and waiting , PERSON felt a sharp tug on his fishing pole . He had the biggest catch of the day !	Dad takes me out to go fishing . He has a favorite spot that we go to . We always catch several fish . Today we did n't catch any . PERSON said we must not have been at the right spot .
the cookout	PERSON invited his family too a cookout . He needed some food and went too the store . PERSON got some food and drinks . PERSON went home and began to cook as guest entered his home . PERSON 's guest enjoyed the party .	The neighbors all gathered together . They were going to have a cookout . They grilled food and sat around the campfire . The kids played in the yard . They all liked living in a close-knit neighborhood .	PERSON invited his neighbors over for a cookout . He was excited to be having friends over . In his excitement he left the meat on the grill too long . He served his guests charred hot dogs and hamburgers . PERSON enrolled in cooking school the next day .	PERSON had a cookout yesterday . It was a lot of fun . He invited a lot of old friends I have not seen in awhile . He served a lot of good food . We all talked and laughed all night .	I decided to throw a cookout last weekend . I invited all my family and friends . I bought all different types of food to serve . I spent hours preparing food the night before . It was such a good time .
a walk in the park	PERSON was excited to go to the park . She leashed up her two dogs to walk on the trail . She stopped after a few miles to have a picnic lunch with them . PERSON walked her dogs a few more miles before turning around . The walk back to the car seemed longer but was well worth the effort !	My first chess match was against a stranger at a park . It was at one of those concrete chess tables . He beat me within a few moves . I was impressed and asked him how he did it . He said he was n't an idiot like me .	PERSON awoke earlier than usual this past Saturday . Almost like a child he dressed and scrambled for his gear . Within minutes he was down the road and at the gates of the park . He was anxious but assured himself he 'd be on time . Before finishing his first turn around the pond , he saw her .	PERSON and PERSON were dating . They went for a Sunday afternoon in the park . It was a beautiful fall day . PERSON dropped to one knee under and ancient oak and proposed marriage . PERSON accepted and they celebrated .	PERSON loves to go for long walks in the park . She especially loves to walk during the spring months . The park has beautiful flowers that bloom during the spring . PERSON often stops to smell the beautiful flowers along the trail . The park is one of PERSON 's favorite places to walk .
s 'mores	The campers were making s'mores . They used marshmallows and extra chocolate . They all ate them around the campfire . The s'mores were delicious . It was their favorite camping treat !	PERSON was making s'mores . She applied her marshmallow to her stick , then held it out . The fire made it gooey , then she applied chocolate pieces . Finally she sandwiched it between a graham cracker . Finally it was time for PERSON to enjoy her s'mores !	PERSON was camping with his family . Then wanted to make s'mores . They all piled their ingredients onto sticks and toasted them . Everyone else 's s'mores turned out well . But Ash 's s'mores were just a messy , burned lump of goo !	After they had tin foil dinners , PERSON and May begged for s'mores . The embers from the fire had died down enough to roast marshmallows . May and PERSON whittled down some branches and skewered marshmallows . It was great fun browning and sometimes burning the marshmallow . They agreed the best way to eat it was with cracker and chocolate .	PERSON wanted to build a fire in the backyard fire pit . He walked around the yard picking up fallen branches and twigs . He took newspaper out of the recycling bin to use as kindling . When his fire was blazing , he called his family outside . They all spent the evening making s'mores over the fire .
registering to vote	PERSON just turned 18 . She wanted to register to vote . Her dad took her to the Dmv . She marked off the democratic circle . She was now a democrat .	PERSON turned eighteen . Because of this she wanted to vote . But she had to register first . So she did . She was now a democrat .	PERSON just turned 18 . As a result of she wanted to register to vote . She could n't wait . As she walked into the office , she registered as a republican . PERSON was very happy .	I had finally made it to 18 and would need to register to vote . I went to the post office to ask the teller for information . She directed me to the court house . After arriving at the courthouse I approached the county clerk . It was n't long before i was registered !	PERSON had just turned 18 . She decided she was going to register to vote . She was very excited . She went down to the station . She became a registered democrat .
dreams	PERSON always wanted to play in the olympics . He played basketball his whole life . He trained hard and traveled to other states for tryouts . PERSON heard of tryouts for the olympics and wanted to try . He did n't make it and promised to continue training .	PERSON was a student at his local community college . He was n't sure what he wanted to do with his life . One Christmas , his mom gave him his first sound board . With it , PERSON wrote his first song in weeks ! Soon after , he became famous and quit school to write songs full time .	PERSON was taught by his father how to play basketball . PERSON love for basketball started then . PERSON wanted to be in the NBA so he played in high school . PERSON got a scholarship to USC after playing good in high school . After playing good in USC , PERSON got drafted by the LA Lakers .	I confided in a friend about how I always lose focus of my dreams . I forget it through the countless possibilities that each day holds . He told me , PERSON you must n't live trapped in loops . I reflected on that throughout the day when he left . Tomorrow came , and today is the new beginning of my changes .	PERSON could n't sleep because of his nightmares . He was growing ever so tired . He decided to see a psychologist . The psychologist suggested hypnotherapy . The hypnotherapy worked and PERSON thanked his psychologist .
guitar lessons	PERSON wanted to learn how to play guitar to impress PERSON . PERSON saved up his money so he could take lessons . When he had enough money saved , PERSON scheduled some lessons . PERSON practiced really hard and now he knows how to play guitar . PERSON played his guitar for PERSON , and she was really impressed .	It was PERSON 's first guitar lesson . He was nervous because he had never played guitar before . The teacher gave him chord progressions to practice . He spent the next week practicing the progressions . Going into his next lesson , PERSON was much less nervous .	PERSON was looking for a way to make extra money in the summer . He was a teacher so he had summer 's free . He was very good at playing the guitar so he decided to give lessons . He advertised himself on Facebook and Twitter and got clients . He taught nine people to play the guitar and made a thousand dollars .	PERSON was learning to play the guitar . His roommate saw his guitar in the corner . PERSON 's roommate was a pretty good guitar player . He offered to help PERSON play the guitar . PERSON 's roommate started giving him lessons .	PERSON was interested in learning a new hobby . He decided to learn how to play the guitar . He immediately purchased a black guitar and hired an instructor . The instructor taught him all the basic chords . PERSON used them to learn to play his favorite song .
first kiss	PERSON liked PERSON , but was very shy . PERSON would flirt with PERSON in class . PERSON would flirt with PERSON . PERSON passed PERSON a note asking if he could kiss her . PERSON agreed and PERSON gave her a kiss .	I was dating a girl . She was dropping hints about wanting to kiss me . When I dropped her off at her house , I leaned in for the kiss . She decided to kiss me ! Alas , her breath smelled like garlic chutney !	It was my fifth grade dance . I had a huge crush on this girl . I finally asked her to dance . I leaned in to try and steal a kiss . She kicked me in the shin as hard as she could .	I used to walk home from school with a girl from the neighborhood . One day after school we went over to my house . My parents happen to not be home on that day . We were in the kitchen getting a snack . She then pushed me against the wall and kissed me .	My first real kiss was in sixth grade . Our middle school band went on a trip to an amusement park . My boyfriend met me at the park . On one of the rides , he leaned over and kissed me ! I was excited because I really liked him .
the basketball game	PERSON 's basketball team had just beat the record for most losses . The whole team felt discouraged but the coach told them to keep trying They practiced for many hours each day . At their next game , they worked hard as a team . At the last second , PERSON shot the ball to win the game !	I was playing in a high school basketball game . My whole family came to watch me play . I wanted to make them proud and played very hard . I did very well and scored a lot of points . After the game , my family told me how proud they were .	PERSON was very excited . She was going to play her first basketball game that day . PERSON put on her uniform , and drank a sports drink . PERSON played well the whole game . PERSON 's team won !	PERSON went to the park hoping to play a game of basketball . He could not find any friends to go with him . At the park , he saw a group of unfamiliar people playing . One of the guys playing basketball asked PERSON to join the game . PERSON was relieved that he was going to get to play .	My father took us to a professional basketball game . Our home team was losing badly . Many of the fans were disappointed in the team and left for home . We stood up and moved our seats closer to the action . Our favorite player shook our hands .
candle	PERSON loved making his house smell good . One day he decided to make a candle . After experimenting with wax he made a candle . PERSON now had the best smelling house around . He now sells candles for a living !	PERSON 's power went out one night . She tried to find her candles in the dark . But all she did was fumble around . Finally she found them in the kitchen drawer . PERSON was glad she had been prepared .	The lights went out on PERSON 's block . And it was pitch black outside . They needed to light candles to light the room . But the lights went out so abruptly no one knew where they were . They all fumbled around in the dark searching for a candle .	PERSON and PERSON wanted to start their own business . They decided to start a candle company . They ordered lots of candles . They then decided to sell the candles at the store . Now they are rich from selling candles !	My wife got a Yankee candle for Christmas . Her nephew 's wife gave it to her . The scent was caramel salt . My wife is not a candle fan . I put the candle up for sale on Amazon .
rap	PERSON wants to start a new rap group . It would be called the radical rays . He tries to find some rappers on facebook to join him . They all ended up not being very good . He decides to be solo .	PERSON loved rap music . PERSON and his friends would rhyme words everyday after class . PERSON became very good at this . PERSON performed his rhymes and raps for a studio producer . The studio producer offered him a $ 100,000 deal .	PERSON loved to rap . He invited a couple of his friends over so they can rap . His friends came with snacks and drinks . They played a beat through PERSON 's speakers . They rapped for hours .	PERSON would listen to rap a lot when he was little . So PERSON grew up wanting to be a rapper . PERSON started rapping and became good at it . PERSON started a career as a rapper . PERSON became the rapper ever .	PERSON was into rapping . His friend , randy started getting into it as well He challenged him to a rap battle . They made it an event . PERSON ended up winning
PERSON moves out	PERSON was in his 30s . He still lived at home with his parents . PERSON decided he wanted to be independent . He took a good job . PERSON moved away from his parents .	PERSON was getting sick of her loud city neighborhood . After Years of living in the city , she decided to move to the suburbs . PERSON was happy to have more space and a yard . In her new place , Ophelia even had room to plant a garden . However , occasionally , she found herself missing the city life .	PERSON is a 40 year old man . PERSON still lives from home . PERSON gets tired of living with his dad . PERSON gets a job . PERSON moves out .	PERSON is 30 . PERSON still lives at home with his parents . Charlies parents pass away in a car accident . PERSON is left all alone . PERSON moves out and gets his own place .	PERSON has not been happy with her marriage . She and her boyfriend argue every night . She tells her kids she is going to move out . Her kids do not want her to leave . PERSON moves and leaves her kids with their father .
hiding	My niece was in an abusive relationship . Her boyfriend hit her and their three children . One day she called her mom PERSON for help . PERSON came and found them hiding in the closet . Luckily the police arrived and arrested the boyfriend .	PERSON came home one day and found a huge mess . His plants were knocked over and newspaper was everywhere , shredded . PERSON called for his dog sternly . But his dog was hiding and did not come to him . It knew it had done something bad !	PERSON was playing hide and seek . He hid in the bushes . He saw his friend looking . PERSON began to laugh . His friend immediately found him .	I bought my child several new binkies . She loved them all and collected them . One day they all seemed to disappear . I looked everywhere for them . Then I caught the dog hiding them under the bed .	PERSON was a German who lived during the 1940s . When World War II began , she pitied the Jews . She stealthily took a neighbor Jew girl into her home . PERSON hid her in the basement when the Nazis searched her house . After the war , PERSON adopted the girl as her own .
the chicken	I was cooking chicken for a party . I needed to cook it fast . I took it out of the freezer and put it in the pan . When I cut the cooked chicken open , it was pink . So I decided to order pizza instead .	PERSON loved grilling . He decided to grill some chicken . He usually did burgers but he thought he 'd do something different . The chicken was juicy and delicious . PERSON decided to make it more often !	When mike was little he had a pet chicken . He nurtured it from a chick . He lived on a farm with different animals but that was his favorite . When it got too big the family decided to eat it . PERSON was the one that had to kill and prepare it .	One day PERSON was going home from work . He saw a chicken crossing the road . PERSON took a picture of the chicken crossing the road . PERSON laughed to himself and though he would share it on facebook . Later PERSON shared it and got over 100 likes on his picture .	A chicken was walking down the road . It would occasionally stop to peck at a bug . The chicken was lost . He belonged to a farmer down the road . When the farmer saw him , he carried him back home .
PERSON 's illness	PERSON was not feeling so great . Every time PERSON woke up he felt dizzy . PERSON went and saw a doctor . The doctor prescribed him some medicine . PERSON started feeling great .	PERSON did n't feel well . He told his wife his chest hurt . His wife rushed him to the hospital . At the hospital , PERSON found out he had a heart attack . Because he got there in time , PERSON was able to make a full recovery .	PERSON could tell that he was not well . He made an appointment with his doctor . The doctor prescribed PERSON an antibiotic . He took the medicine exactly as prescribed . PERSON is no longer ill .	PERSON did not feel well . She decided to go the doctor for help . The doctor ran some tests on Penny . He found the cause of her illness . PERSON was diagnosed with mono .	PERSON was n't feeling well . She called her mom to pick her up from school . Her mom picked her up . PERSON 's mom brought PERSON to the doctor 's office . PERSON was given a shot .
dark	PERSON was about to leave work when a crisis happened . All the computers went dark . He looked for the fuses but the problem was n't local . He realized that the whole city was dark too . It 's only later that day that PERSON learned of the massive EMP attack .	PERSON was afraid of the dark . Her parents left the hall light on her at night . Then when she turned six they got her a night light . It was much dimmer , but PERSON accepted it . She knew she was growing up and overcoming her fear !	Two girls went for a bike ride on a summers evening . They were told to make it home by the time the street light came on . Time passed , they were having so much fun , not realizing it was dark . On their way home they realized a policeman was exciting their home . PERSON was upset that we did n't make it home in time , and grounded us .	PERSON was afraid of the dark . He told his mom about his fear . The next day , she brought him a small night light . She told PERSON he could use the light every night . The night light helped PERSON overcome his childish fear .	PERSON was lying in her bed . She was sulking . She had been in bed since 2 PM . It was now 10 . The hours continued creeping by , but PERSON did n't move .
trade	Yesterday my favorite baseball team made some changes . They traded out one of my favorite pitchers . I sat there stunned that they would make such a move . I read all the news about it . I was very unhappy that he had been traded .	My FB friend PERSON bought a big screen tv . It is 50 '' in diagonal length . She showed it off on FB . She said she canceled cable to get the tv . She still has a streaming service .	They were sold out of medium shirts . All that was left was larges . My friend wanted to trade with me . She is smaller than me . So I traded with her .	PERSON was feeling extremely thirsty . All she had on her was some chocolate . PERSON then ran into her friend , PERSON . PERSON held a bottle of water and was known to have a sweet tooth . The two friends decided to trade their items .	PERSON wanted to learn to french braid . Her cousin PERSON wanted to learn to perm . Each girl knew the trick the other wanted . They decided to get together and trade tricks . Now each girl is great at two different hairstyles !
butterfly	I was coming back inside from taking the dog out . I felt something land on my hand . I looked down and saw a pretty butterfly . It lit upon my hair before taking off again . It ended up sitting on the ceiling fan where I could n't reach it .	PERSON finds a caterpillar crawling in the parking lot . She picks it up and takes it home . She puts the caterpillar into a container with a stick and food . The caterpillar makes a cocoon . It turns into a moth , PERSON sets it free .	PERSON went to the butterfly conservatory with her family . At first she was nervous . The fluttering wings unnerved her . But then one landed on her hand and flapped its delicate wings . PERSON , enchanted , immediately fell in love with the butterflies !	PERSON was afraid of butterflies . Then her mom took her to the butterfly conservatory . She saw them flying around beautifully . One even landed on her shoulder ! PERSON decided butterflies were n't so scary after all .	Ms Jones ' Kindergarten class watched caterpillars spin cocoons . Everyday they watched and waited to see what would happen . One day there was movement in one of the cocoons . Slowly , a beautiful butterfly emerged . Eventually they all hatched and the class set them all free .
hockey	I have been playing hockey on the lake all winter . I am getting really fast and accurate with my shot . I am going to try to make the school hockey team next year . I have been practicing my stick handling lately . I carry my hockey stick everywhere with me now for training .	The hockey game was tied up . The blue team had the puck . They sprinted down the ice . They cracked a shot on goal ! They scored it !	PERSON loved playing hockey . He practiced very hard . He ended up joining the high school team . He led the team in points during the season . He was named team MVP .	PERSON was the best goaltender in his school PERSON thought he could score a goal on him , and so he made a bet When they got on the ice , PERSON took the puck and scored a goal . PERSON got angry and made another bet He lost again , and vowed to get better .	PERSON wanted to play hockey . He tried out for the school team . But he failed ! He practiced all year and tried again next year . Then he finally made the team !
potato chips	I loved potato chips . I wanted to create my own flavor of chips . I decided to make some beer flavored chips . Alas , they were disgusting . I realized I should let the professionals stick to making chips .	Amber loved potato chips . She could n't resist eating a bag everyday . She had gained twenty pounds from eating them . She stopped eating the chips . She still could n't loss the weight though .	PERSON wanted to make some potato chips . He grabbed some potatoes from his fridge and started slicing . After setting them in the oven , he began reading to pass the time . While taste-testing his chips , he realized he had cut them too thick . PERSON decided to save his chips for a stew .	I love to eat potato chips . One day I was eating potato chips out of a bag . When I was eating I noticed a competition entry on the bag . It asks you to submit your flavor for a chance to win . I 'm still waiting for my cheeto flavor idea .	PERSON loves making potato chips . Everyone loved her potato chips . Her Dad decided to use her recipe and start a business . The business is very successful . PERSON is now creating new flavors .
delayed flight	PERSON had an important meeting . Unfortunately his flight was delayed . They could n't wait for him to get there . PERSON set up a skype session . He had the meeting from the airport terminal .	PERSON was at the airport . His flight was delayed over three times . PERSON was upset and complained . The best they could do was offer a free in flight meal . PERSON accepted the poor offer .	PERSON 's flight was leaving at 7:00 . As he headed out the door PERSON could not find his keys . PERSON called a friend for a ride to the airport . He arrived much later than planned . When PERSON got to the gate he saw that his flight had been delayed .	PERSON was flying to LOCATION . She really wanted to get there on time . Unfortunately there was a bad storm . The flight was delayed . PERSON was hours late .	Paty was looking forward to her trip . She got all ready for it . Then it started thundering . Paty 's flight was delayed . She could n't get on the plane for four hours .
tailgating	Before the game started , people were barbecuing in front of the arena . I took the opportunity to get to know some unfamiliar faces . In addition , I got along with those who were rooting for the same team They were kind enough to offer some of their food . On the other hand , some were rude and belittled me .	It was finally the day of the big game . PERSON and her friends were going to tailgate . They had all their food and drinks planned out . They got to their spot and started tailgating . They had a great time before the game and were hoping for a win .	PERSON was driving down the road at night . A car came up and started tailgating him . He waved them over to pass him . Eventually he moved over a bit to help them do so . They did and sped off .	The car had been tailgating her for what seemed like forever . The headlights were shining right in her back window . Blinded , she kept going slower and slower . Finally the car passed her . However , another one just like it soon pulled in behind her .	PERSON and his friends were going to the football game . They had a tradition of tailgating before kick off . They loaded up the grill and coolers . After hours of partying in the parking lot they headed to the stadium . They watched their team win big .
bad luck	PERSON was walking across the sidewalk . She slipped on a crack that was on one of the concrete tiles . She fell on the ground and her belongings got scattered . They well inside a sewer cage . The water under the well carried it away .	PERSON was driving home from work . He had just purchased a brand new car the day before . PERSON heard a loud thump . He pulled over to look at his car . His car had a flat tire with a nail in it .	After an unfortunate accident , PERSON 's car was totaled . She 'd had the car for years , and hated the idea of losing it . But she was excited when she found the perfect new car a week later . She had just started driving it when a Ford plowed into her . PERSON cursed her rotten luck .	The waiter handed PERSON the bill . He gave his credit card to her so she can process the payment . She left for a moment and came back quickly . She told him that there 's no balance on the card . Therefore , PERSON had to wait for his parents to pay the bill .	LOCATION does n't have good luck . Today it started to rain while he walked to school . He slipped on the sidewalk . All of his papers fell out of his hands and into a puddle . This is almost a normal day for LOCATION .
slippery slope	PERSON was walking home . It was a bit uphill and had recently rained . PERSON slipped on a slick area and tumbled down . PERSON tried to walk up again and kept slipping . Eventually he took a different route up .	PERSON lived up a mountain . It snowed a lot one day . PERSON did n't have all wheel drive . He was n't able to make it up the mountain . He had to leave his car and walk instead .	PERSON went sledding with friends one day . He took his favorite sled . He started down the hill fast . He could n't move out of the way when headed for a boulder . PERSON crashed and destroyed his sled .	The rainy came down relentlessly , making it hard to see . PERSON did his best to keep in the middle of the road . He slowed down quite a bit upon approaching a sloping corner . PERSON began to lose control of the back end of his car . The car 's all-terrain tires gripped and saved PERSON from a disaster .	PERSON bought a new truck . It was snowing and he wanted to try his all wheel drive . He tried to go up a hill . He kept sliding regardless of what he tried . It was more ice than snow and too slippery even for his truck .
potato	I decided to make potato soup . I did n't bother cleaning the potato correctly . Little did I know that the potato was old . I drank the soup and ingested ricin from the potato . I was sent to the emergency room but I lived to tell the tale .	PERSON went to cook potatoes for her family for dinner . She took one potato out of the bag . She saw that it had sprouted ! She put it in a pot of dirt . The potato grew into a big plant !	PERSON bought a potato . She could n't decide to eat it or not . She decided to eat it . She put it in the oven . She ate it later .	The man wanted a potato . He threw one in the microwave . He turned it on for ten minutes . He heard a loud noise . His potato had exploded .	Joy began untwisting the burned out bulb in her room . The bulb broke in half . Sharp jagged glass stuck out from the light fixture . Joy pushed a potato cut in half onto the broken bulb . Twisting the potato , she was able to get the bulb out of the fixture .
elephants	PERSON was going to the circus . His mother told him there would be elephants . PERSON was scared . Elephants were big and scary . Once he saw them do cool tricks he was n't scared anymore .	PERSON had always wanted to see elephants up close . He researched the best places to visit the animals . PERSON booked a safari trip to LOCATION . He went on the journey and saw more elephants than he could imagine . PERSON was so thrilled to realize his dream .	My sister-in-law gave me some elephants to sell on eBay . I was unable to sell them . She never picked them up . Today we watched her apartment for an inspection . We put the elephants into her closet .	PERSON has loved elephants for as long as he could remember . He heard about a circus that would be coming to his town . His mommy agreed to take him for his birthday . On the day of the circus he was n't feeling good . He had to stay home and get better .	PERSON loves elephants . He has wanted to see an elephant in the wild his entire life . For his honeymoon , PERSON convinces his wife to go on safari . PERSON and his wife travel to LOCATION to go on safari . Tim is finally able to see an elephant up close .
the curtains	PERSON had a big window in her bedroom . She could n't pick out curtains for it . She kept buying them and taking them back . Nothing looked just right . Finally , PERSON decided to install some blinds instead .	PERSON decided to open the curtains and let light into the house . She pulled back one of the curtains on her bedroom window . The nail holding the curtain rod fell , the curtains on the floor . PERSON looked and looked , but was unable to locate the nail . PERSON decided to leave the curtains down and enjoy the sun .	PERSON had been sewing all day . She made some beautiful curtains for her bedroom . She was excited to hang them up . She got a curtain rod and a screw driver . She would hang them herself .	PERSON was sewing in her craft room . She was making curtains for her bedroom . In an hour , she was finished . She hung them carefully and then admired them . They were beautiful !	PERSON was sewing a new project . She was making curtains for her bedroom . She finished them and hung them on the rod . They made the room bright and cheery . PERSON loved her new look !
promotion	PERSON had been with her company for eight years . She finally applied for a promotion . And she was denied ! The next year though , her boss called her in for a private conference . There , she was given a promotion - and a raise !	PERSON was up for a promotion along with two other people . All three people had to interview for the promotion . PERSON prepared himself and went into the interview confident . He had to wait four days to hear the results and he became nervous . After four days PERSON was promoted !	PERSON noticed a new team leader position had been posted at work . He went to HR and put in a bid for the job . His supervisor thought he was too nice for the job . PERSON won the bid and was promoted immediately . Within two weeks , PERSON 's line was number one in the plant .	Ky just began working in a new position . He became very skilled at his job . After a month , he received a promotion . PERSON was excited . He believed his skills showed he deserved his promotion .	PERSON had worked at the bank for nearly ten years . He had recently applied for a promotion to assistant manager . One day he was called into his boss 's office . His coworkers were there with cake and balloons . He had gotten the promotion !
missed bus	PERSON used to wait on a bus stop for a school bus every morning . This morning he came a little bit later than usual . He found out his bus left without him . He called his mom . She took him to school by car .	PERSON missed the bus in the morning . He walked to school . He got to school one hour late . The principal of the school told his mom . His mom grounded PERSON for two weeks .	PERSON was walking down to the bus stop . He planned on taking the bus to school . He waited for an hour but the bus did not show . He had to walk to school . It took him an hour to get to school .	A man came out of the building today . He asked me if the bus to LOCATION LOCATION had left . I told him it had just left a few minutes ago . He got onto his phone and contacted Uber . He got his ride a few minutes later .	A woman was sitting on the bench in front of my building . She was waiting for the bus , about fifty feet away . She got distracted by a text message . When she looked up , the bus was coming . She ran but missed the bus .
the horse	LOCATION always wanted to own a horse . One sunny day , he got dressed and set off to a nearby stable . When he arrived , the stable owner told him horses were for sale . LOCATION loved the color brown , so bought one of the brown horses . As the sun was setting , the owner waved to LOCATION as he rode away .	PERSON lived on a farm . She bought a horse . She did n't know much about horses but they looked fun . She learned how to care for it . She knew it would be a lot of work but she was excited .	PERSON was going to the barn to meet her friend 's horse . She had never met a horse before and was excited . PERSON went up to the horse . The horse whinnied and snapped at her . Since then , PERSON has been afraid of horses .	The horse showed up to our house . It was brown and white . No one knew where it came from . She was broken and let us ride here . We adopted her and named her PERSON .	PERSON decided to go horseback riding . She picked out the biggest horse at the stable . She climbed on it and settled in . The horse was great on the trail . PERSON had a great time !
the beach	One day PERSON went to the beach . First he built a sand castle . Then he went swimming . Finally , he surfed for a while . He had a fun time .	PERSON wanted to go to the beach . Unfortunately , she had too much homework . PERSON decided to finish the homework as fast as possible . She drank some coffee and worked for four hours . She finished and was finally able to go to the beach !	The family arrived at the beach on Tuesday . They spent all of Wednesday in the water ! The sand and sun were both hot . They relaxed and spent time together . It was a great break from reality !	Olive and PERSON went to the beach . The current was strong so they stayed on the shore . They were upset because they wanted to go in the water . Later it began to rain . They two had a disappointing day .	All the girls at school loved going to the beach and so did PERSON . He never really had the courage to talk to them , but he wanted to . At the beach , PERSON finally got the courage to go over and talk . PERSON thought he was shy , but cute . PERSON asked her out on a date and she accepted .
mini golf	PERSON got out of school early so he could play mini golf . His parents told him he had earned a play day . They drove there and he looked in wonder at the building . They each got a golf club and different colored golf balls . PERSON wound up getting a better score than both of his parents !	We thought we would take the kids to mini golf . They were so excited to go . My seven year old was ready to hit the ball . I followed it as it went towards the hole . Then all of a sudden I saw it fall in the hole .	One day PERSON and her friends decided to play mini golf . PERSON ended up scoring a hole in one ! Her friends applauded her . She ended up scoring the most points . They had a lot of fun .	We decided to play mini golf . The indoor course had put put . We got our clubs and got started . As we moved through the course , we found that it glowed in the dark . We had a hard time finding each other , but it was a fun game .	PERSON asked his family to go mini golfing . He really wanted to beat his dad 's score . At the last hole , the score was all tied up . PERSON concentrated and got a hole in one . He beat his father 's total by 2 points and won the game .
nostalgia	PERSON put on some old music he listened to as a teenager . As each song came on , he was taken aback by nostalgia . He would give anything to go back to that time . He just sat and smiled . He was happy that the songs could make him remember the good times .	PERSON was bringing old boxes upstairs from her basement . She wants to de-clutter by having a garage sale . She began separating items to keep and sell . When grabbed the last box , she found her childhood blanket . She smiled as she hugged it closely .	PERSON was at a grocery store . And he saw a certain brand of bread that he ate as a child . After thinking for awhile , he decided to buy it . And it brought back good memories . PERSON bought the same cereal for the rest of his life .	PERSON was moving away for college . Much of the day was spent packing old belongings and mementos . It was a day of a lot of reflection and introspection . PERSON was going to miss his old neighborhood and friends . It was time to start early adulthood .	PERSON passed a small park-like zoo she remembered visiting as a child . She turned her car into the park , feeling nostalgic . PERSON went to see the deer , like the ones she once fed by hand . She saw these deer were scrawny , mangy and had terrified eyes . PERSON wished she had never stopped the car .
pickpocket	PERSON was a boy who lived with his aunt and uncle . His aunt and uncle were nicer to his cousin than they were to him . One day , PERSON decided to run away . While on the run , he learned that he was a very talented pickpocket . Frank never went a day without food after learning that .	PERSON was a pickpocket . He would steal wallets from people at the train station . One day , a man caught PERSON in the act . PERSON tried to run away but the man tackled him . PERSON was sent to prison for theft .	PERSON took the subway to work each day . One day , he got into a packed car and found a place to hold on . The train was so crowded , there was a lot of jostling . A man bumped into him while exiting . PERSON scowled , realizing the man stole his wallet from his back pocket .	I was riding on the bus today . A person bumped into me . The person who bumped into me started to hurry off the bus with my pur I screamed to the bus driver to not let him off . The bus driver kept the door closed till the police came .	Someone tried to pickpocket PERSON . PERSON saw it coming though . PERSON stopped his hand from reaching in . He then scolded the man . The man left and apologized .
dog training	PERSON 's girlfriend wanted them to get a pet dog . He made a deal that she would have to train it . After they bought the dog , she broke up with him and moved . PERSON was stuck with a dog he did n't know how to teach . But the dog ended up just what PERSON needed to get over the break-up .	PERSON wanted to be a dog trainer . He tried to train his best friend 's dog . He spent 3 hours a day with him . He could n't teach the dog how to sit . He instead taught it to howl on command .	I 've been training my dog to do tricks . I 've taught him a few so far . Last week I taught him how to play dead . It impressed all my friends . My dog was happy to get the treats and attention .	My friends got a new dog . It was really out of control . They took it to a behavior class . It was too rowdy and got kicked out . Now they do n't know what to do about it .	I was trying to teach my dog to roll over . I followed the instructions in a dog training book . My dog did n't seem to understand what I wanted . He started barking out of frustration . I accidentally taught my dog to bark on command .
games	Fred loved to play video games . He often would spend his evenings and weekends playing . Fred started getting headaches after each time he played . He went to the doctor who told him to cut back on playing . PERSON stopped playing video games on the weekends .	My niece has a summer job with the Town of LOCATION . She works at their pool . The crew is winding up their summer . The town threw a party for them yesterday . They had fun playing in an inflatable gym .	PERSON 's parents thought she was spending too much time on video games . So they made a rule : they measured how long she spent on studying . Then they allowed her to spend just as much time playing games . PERSON began to spend much more time on her studying and homework ! Her grades improved , and the whole family was pleased !	Adam is obsessed with video games . Lately his brother was always beating him at Street Fighter . PERSON practiced for weeks , but still lost . Luckily , there were cheat codes on the internet . Now PERSON never loses .	One day the power went out at PERSON 's house . She and her brother PERSON had been playing video games . At first they were disappointed by the power outage . Then PERSON suggested they play an old board game instead ! The two siblings had a great time playing board games all afternoon !
water balloon fight	It was a hot day . PERSON wanted water balloons . So he filled some up . Then he threw them at his friends . They had a large fight .	One day PERSON had a pool party . Everyone got into a water balloon fight . People formed into a red team and a blue team . The red team won . Everyone had fun .	PERSON wanted to prank his friends . He bought water balloons from the store . He carefully filled them up with water . He hid behind a bush with the water balloons . He threw them at his unsuspecting friends when they passed by !	PERSON and his friends were having a water balloon fight . He was losing badly . He dropped all his balloons . He decided to cheat . He went and got the water hose and sprayed everyone .	It was a really cold winter morning and my friends had a stupid idea . They filled water balloons with water and left them outside overnight . In the morning they woke me up with a water balloon fight . It hurt as much as you can imagine . I had to be rushed to the hospital due to my injuries .
baking cookies	PERSON wanted some cookies . She had a package of ready to bake cookie dough in the fridge . She preheated the oven according to the directions . After the oven was ready she put the cookies in to bake . PERSON ate the delicious cookies after they were finished baking .	PERSON wanted to make chocolate chip cookies . She went to the store to purchase the ingredients . Once home , she mixed everything together . She wanted to sample the dough but waited until the cookies were done . She had three cookies that night with a glass of milk .	PERSON loves to bake cookies with her grandmother . Every Christmas they bake dozens together . This year they are making chocolate chip , sugar and gingerbread . One Friday after PERSON got out of school they got to work . They baked cookies all afternoon .	PERSON wanted to surprise her boyfriend . She decided to bake him some cookies . She spent a lot of time making sure they came out perfect . She spent even more time decorating them . PERSON 's boyfriends was thrilled .	PERSON bought a new candle . He lit it in the middle of the day . His roommate entered the room excited . The scent of the candle was fresh cookies . His roommate was disappointed to not find real cookies .
PERSON .	PERSON PERSON was a driver . He put up listings for any sort of driving . A criminal syndicate contacted him . They made him a getaway driver . On his getaway , he forgot where he was , and drove them into the cops .	I once knew a girl named PERSON . She was a very small girl . One day we got trapped in a room during an earthquake . PERSON climbed through the ventilation duct to get out and get help . She got help and everything was alright .	PERSON was on a trip to visit her uncle when she picked up 2 strangers . On the way there she got a bad stomach ache and had to stop . She pulled over to a gas station and asked to use the bathroom . When she was there she had a hard time getting through the whole thing . When she was done she went outside and realized she had been robbed .	PERSON came to me one day . He asked if I could change his name . He said there are a lot of PERSON ' in the World . I asked him if I could call him PERSON . He agreed .	PERSON PERSON was a DJ . He 'd taken months to release a new track , and his fans were anxious . He did n't want to risk anything , so he released a promo . Sadly his fans were upset , it was just like everything else he made . PERSON never recovered from the loss of his fanbase .
donations	I decided to get rid of my old clothes . I donated them to the local charity . Little did I know that the charity was selling the clothes for profit . I found out and decided to let the whole community know . Everyone boycotted the charity and they had to declare bankruptcy .	PERSON never donated to charity . While shopping he was asked if he would like to . The cashier seemed pretty forward about it . PERSON relented and agreed . He felt good about himself for a bit afterward .	Wagyu wanted to donate to charity . He was n't sure what charity to donate to . He decided to research some charities . He decided to donate to the American Red Cross . Later , he realized that the American Red Cross was a poor choice .	Em needed art supplies for her class . The school could n't afford the supplies . PERSON sent him a letter asking for donations . The parents responded kindly and generously . Em got all the supplies she needed !	PERSON was cleaning out her closet . She had two jackets that did n't fit anymore . There was a donation center near PERSON 's job . PERSON stopped at the donation center on the way to work . She donated the jackets at the center .
truth	PERSON went to a party . It was pretty fun for her . They started to play Truth or Dare . She decided to pick Truth . She told a secret .	The man told the truth . The truth incriminated him . The man was arrested . The jury heard the man 's confession . They sentenced him to jail .	My mother sent me a text asking to talk . I called her , nervous about what she might want . She told me she 'd found my old diary from childhood . She said she did n't know about a lot of the things that happened . She said it was my fault , and I hung up angrily .	The boy always told the truth . People noticed that he did . He was known to be honest . One day he decided to make up an outrageous lie . Everybody in town believed him .	PERSON came home and could n't find her bracelet . She looked everywhere . She asked everyone did they see it . Her brother admitted to taking it . PERSON was n't so mad at him because at least he told the truth .
divorce	PERSON did n't love his wife anymore . He had fallen in love with his neighbor instead . As soon as he had the chance , he asked for a divorce . He kicked his wife out of the house . And he married his neighbor the year after .	PERSON and her husband were not getting along . She found out he was cheating on her . She confronted him . He admitted that he was seeing someone else . He agreed to a no contest divorce .	PERSON and PERSON were married . They did not have a happy marriage . They tried to fix the marriage but they could not . They decided to get a divorce . Both PERSON and PERSON were much happier after the divorce .	PERSON found out that PERSON cheated on her . She talked to him and asked to overlook her infidelity . He was n't convinced and arranged a divorce . Since he was the family 's breadwinner , he won sole custody of the kids . PERSON lived by herself in a small apartment .	PERSON filed for divorce . His wife refused to sign the papers . PERSON had the papers served professionally . His wife felt intimidated . She signed the papers the next day .
dinner	PERSON was hungry . PERSON thought about what he wanted to eat . PERSON walked to the restaurant near his home . PERSON ate there . PERSON satiated his appetite .	PERSON invited his family to a dinner at his new house . He cleaned the whole house and it looked nice . PERSON cooked a very nice meal . His family arrived and they loved his new house . They also loved the food he cooked .	One day , my family and I wanted to go out to dinner . I wanted Italian food , but my parents wanted Chinese food . We could not reach an agreement so we decided to flip a coin . We could not find a coin , so my sister decided to break the tie . She decided on Mexican food , and we finally got to eat .	PERSON and her husband were on vacation , and they were hungry . They walked into town and chose a restaurant . The hostess told them it would be an hour long wait . They were so hungry , but they decided to wait . When they finally ate dinner , it was extra satisfying .	After moving into a new house PERSON and I decided to cook a dinner . It was our first dinner in the house so we were excited . We picked out a recipe and started cooking . The dinner was going alright but we were worried about it . After getting the dinner out of the oven we were very pleased !
robbery	PERSON was at the gas station one night . He saw a masked man come in and brandish a gun . The man told the customers to lay down , then demanded money . PERSON obediently lay on his stomach and prayed . Soon the robber ran off and PERSON got up , very shaken .	I got home from work last night and parked my car in front of my house . I left my purse on the seat and forgot to lock the doors . When I came back out an hour later my purse was missing . I called the police to report it missing . The police officer made it seem like it was all my fault .	PERSON bought a new house . It was in a bad neighborhood . She went to work one day . Her house was robbed during the day . PERSON wants to sell her house now .	PERSON was a bank teller . One day a masked man with a gun came into the bank . He came to her window demanding cash . She put money into a bag along with a dye pack . The robber would not be able to use the money after it exploded !	PERSON was accused to robbing a bank . PERSON was innocent . She did n't know what bank they were even talking about . In the end , the truth came out . PERSON 's twin sister was the actual perpetrator .
swim team	PERSON wanted to be on the swim team . He went to the lake every night to swim . He practiced his strokes and moves . Then he tried out for the swim team . The captain told him he had done a wonderful job !	PERSON decided she wanted to try out for the high school swim team . She went to the open try outs . She swam freestyle and breaststroke . The coach told her she was very fast . She was offered a spot on the varsity team .	I enjoy swimming . I used to compete on a swim team , but I was n't very fast . I often got white ribbons for third place . One time in my life , I won a first place ribbon ! I was very happy about that !	PERSON wanted to join the varsity swim team-he was a great swimmer . Trouble was , he was embarrassed by his bony body and small muscles . But then he reasoned that swimming would make him stronger ! Steeling his nerves , he tried out for the team . And when he found he 'd made the cut , he cheered with joy !	PERSON wanted to be on the swim team . She tried out , but she did not make the team . The coach told PERSON to practice and try again next year . She followed his instructions . The next year , I finally made the swim team !
gum	I got gum in my hair . It was a horrendous sticky mess . My mother was not pleased . She decided to try lighter fluid to remove it . It took about an hour , but it worked .	PERSON got in trouble for chewing gum in class . She promised not to do it again . But then she found it was easier said than done ! Chewing gum was a serious habit with PERSON . In the end , she was caught twice more and given detention .	PERSON placed a pack of gum in her bag for the long plane ride . The flew higher and the pressure in PERSON 's ears began to build . Popping a piece of gum into her mouth , PERSON began to chew . The pain in her ear subsided . PERSON was glad she had put a pack of gum in her bag .	Frank decided to get some gum . He went to the store . There was a giant gum display . He picked out a pack he liked . Frank paid for the gum .	My friend was being mean to me . I decided to put some gum in his hair . Alas , he figured out it was me . He slapped me across the face . I decided that he was n't a true friend so I ditched him .
PERSON becomes a star	PERSON was poor boy from the country . He had a dream of becoming a singer . One day singing at his job a musician hears him . He tells PERSON to come with him to the record company . PERSON goes to the record company to record a hit album .	PERSON had a dream of becoming a singer . So ed packed up his things and moved away to LOCATION . PERSON worked very hard to become a good singer . He finally got to work with some people on a demo . The record company heard his demo and decided to sign him .	PERSON likes to sing . He makes a video and puts it online . His video becomes very popular . He gets noticed by a record company . They decide to give PERSON a contract .	PERSON has always been a good soccer player . PERSON made a video of himself doing soccer tricks . He uploaded it to the internet . His video goes viral and he becomes famous . PERSON is a superstar overnight .	PERSON was a singer . PERSON got a band together . They played their first gig . The crowd loved them . PERSON became a huge music star .
bus driver	PERSON and his friends always made fun of the bus driver . And the bus driver had little he could do about it . But PERSON always got low grades and fooled around . And after high school , he needed work . After failing to find a good job , he had to become a bus driver .	I just graduated high school . I needed to find a job . My friend said the local school was looking for a bus driver . I went to the school and filled out an application . I got the job !	PERSON took the bus to and from work every day . If you were not at the bus stop by 5:05 you would be left behind . PERSON boss would n't let him leave to make the bus today . He got to the stop at 5:06 , the bus was n't there . The bus rolls up two minutes later and tells PERSON he hit traffic .	Kia had driven a school bus for 20 years before being laid off . She found an ad saying Bus Drivers Wanted a few weeks later . She responded , but got a surprise . The hiring company wanted someone to drive a bus full of convicts ! Kia said she wanted to drive students , not criminals !	PERSON always wanted to be a bus driver . She studied her driving test for 3 weeks . She finally took her bus driving test . PERSON had easily passed her test ! She was excited to finally be a bus driver !
new movie	PERSON wanted to watch a movie . There were three new ones . He did n't know much about them . He decided to look up previews online . After seeing them PERSON picked one .	PERSON really wanted to see the midnight release of a new movie . Unfortunately , he was grounded . He waited until his parents were asleep and snuck out . He made a bit too much noise and woke his dad up . PERSON got grounded for even longer .	PERSON was out on a date . They decided to watch a new movie . PERSON did n't know much about it . It wound up being a lot of fun . Same decided to watch more new movies .	A new movie just came out . I was very excited . I took all my friends with me . When we got there though , we were sad . It only lasted one hour .	PERSON and PERSON looked forward to the new Batman movie Friday . They both got off work and met in the box office line . They got two seats in the middle of the theater . When they moved started they both slapped hands and were happy . When the credits rolled , they both walked out with tears , happy tears .
the smoker	When PERSON was in college he had a huge crush on this girl . He thought they would be perfect together . So he decided to ask her out . He was pretty upset to find out she had a bf and was a huge smoker . He just found that to be a really unhealthy habit and moved on .	PERSON was running out of places to smoke . The city passed a law saying you could n't smoke in public . PERSON could n't smoke anywhere he went ! He snuck a cigarette into the men 's bathroom . When he came out , an officer was there to write him a ticket .	PERSON pulled out the smoker and got the charcoal ready . The brisket had been cornered and now he retrieved it from the fridge . He put the brisket on the side as he lit the wood and charcoal . Tenderly he placed the brisket on the top shelf of the smoker . After setting the temperature too low , he daydreamed about the brisket .	Eds wife thought he had quit smoking , but he really had n't . He had to sneak around and hide it from her . One day , she smelled smoke on his clothes . She confronted PERSON about his smoking and he confessed . PERSON tried hard to quit and was eventually successful .	PERSON smoked cigarettes even though his parents did n't approve . He snuck out to smoke one night when his parents went to bed . His father saw him smoking on the porch . PERSON got a stern lecture . PERSON 's parents grounded him for a week .
dehydrated	The marathon already occurred for thirty minutes . All of the runners , including myself , were trying not to stop . However , I lost my breath and collapsed on the ground . The ambulance removed me from the crowd . They immediately started to deliver fluids intravenously .	PERSON was out on a hike . It was in the desert during the summer . PERSON did n't pack enough water . He started getting really dehydrated . He barely made it back without passing out .	PERSON was at his yearly track meet . He was having a lot of fun but feeling light headed . Suddenly PERSON was on the verge of passing out . A nurse could tell he was dehydrated . With a lot of water , he was back on his feet shortly .	PERSON was having a great time playing at the park with her class . She played for hours non-stop . While the other kids had lunch she kept playing . After 5 hours she became dizzy from dehydration . Thank goodness the teacher saw her and made her drink Gatorade .	PERSON went to a baseball match . She decided to bring a water bottle with her . Since she was thirsty , she finished her water . For the remainder of the game , she had nothing to drink . She passed out because of dehydration .
PERSON gets drunk	PERSON is 21 . It 's his birthday . He goes out to drink . He has 10 beers . PERSON gets drunk for the first time ever .	PERSON has never had a beer in his life . He was turning 21 and out with his friends . His friends persuaded him to take a sip of beer . PERSON decides he likes the taste and downs a whole case . PERSON is totally wasted and has a great time .	PERSON was going through a bad divorce . He found himself at a local Bar . He swore he would stay sober no matter what . 30 minutes there his mood changes and has a drink . By the end of the night PERSON is so drunk he gets kicked out of the bar .	PERSON is throwing a party . His friends are all having a blast . Michael begins to drink . He drinks until he ca n't stand no more . He eventually passes out from all the drinking .	PERSON is at a party . It 's his first one . He was under age . He decided to get drunk with his friends . PERSON was in big trouble for drinking under age .
extra cash	PERSON needed to get some extra cash to make his rent . He decided to sell off his second car he does n't use . PERSON printed many flyers to hang around town . He took his flyers to the most popular locations . In a few days , PERSON had many offers .	A man set up a toll booth on his street to make extra cash . It looked so official so no one questioned it . The man made so much that he quit his day job . Soon he hired two more people to work the booth while he was away . Once he had all the money he wanted he shut down the booth .	To make some extra money a man began to sell off some of his things . He made so much money that he kept the sale going . He eventually sold all the belongings he owned . A businessman heard of his success of selling things . The businessman offered the man a salesman job which was accepted .	I went to the craft store to buy some canvas and paint . I spent the whole night making abstract art . I posted all of the pieces I made on an auction website . Many people bid on them and drove up the prices . All of the paintings were sold in a few weeks .	PERSON was a stay-home mom looking to make some extra cash . Christmas was coming and there were presents to buy . PERSON found a company that would pay her for secret shopping trips . She was able to do these shops while her children were in school . She received her payment and went Christmas shopping for her family .
getting sick	PERSON did not feel well when he woke up this morning . He had the chills and a low grade fever . By the afternoon , PERSON had started coughing and sneezing . PERSON decided to go to his doctor . LOCATION 's doctor gave him a prescription for antibiotics .	PERSON accidentally ate some expired meat . She began to feel sick . PERSON went to the doctor . The doctor gave her some medicine . PERSON thankfully started to feel better after she took the medicine .	PERSON went to the local fair . It was a brutally hot day . PERSON did not like it . All of the sudden she got sick . She learned her lesson for coming .	PERSON had never been on a cruise . He did n't realize he would get so motion sick . Nothing he took helped make him feel better . PERSON spent the entire trip sick in his room . He never took another cruise again .	PERSON ate at a new restaurant . That night he started to feel sick . Eventually he wound up throwing up and getting dizzy . He had to go to the hospital . PERSON had a minor case of food poisoning .
braces	PERSON had braces put on when she started her junior year . A lot of people made fun of her during the school year . When her senior year came around , PERSON still had her braces on . PERSON finally graduated and she even had her braces removed . She went on to college with a smile and a lot of confidence .	I had crooked teeth when I was 12 . My dentist suggested I get braces . The orthodontist put the new braces on . The wait to see the final product was long . I was delighted with my new smile in the end though .	PERSON has crooked teeth . She has hated her teeth all of her life . So one day she decides to look into getting braces . The dentist tells her she 's a good candidate to have them . PERSON gets braces put on that very day .	PERSON received braces as a kid . After getting them off , she did n't wear her retainer . Her teeth moved drastically . She reached her 20 's with crooked teeth . Now she has to pay thousands of dollars for her young mistake .	PERSON could not afford braces as a child . As an adult , his crooked teeth bothered him . He saved his wages for months . then he went to get his braces put on . Finally , after many years , PERSON had a straight smile !
laughter	Trust was having a bad day . She decided to go to the comedy club ! The first comedian got on stage . He told the funniest joke . PERSON laughed her pains away .	The couple dressed like vampires . They walked to the Halloween party . Somebody ran up with a wooden stake . The couple cowered in fear . The man with the stake laughed maniacally .	PERSON had a problem . She never found anything funny . Her friends told her jokes but she never laughed . One day she saw a dog chasing its tail . She laughed hard for the rest of the day .	My wife was nearly due , we were ready to meet our son . We tried everything to induce labor ourselves . We walked , jumped , laughed . After what felt like forever , it was time and we drove to hospital . PERSON was born at 9 pounds 2 ounces .	PERSON is always smiling and joking with her friends . She believes that laughter is always the best medicine . When she is feeling down about events in her life she tries to laugh . One day she accidentally ran into the cafeteria wall . Though she was embarrassed she laughed it off .
the snowman	PERSON did n't like winter or cold weather . Her parents were always trying to get her to play outside in the snow . PERSON 's parents showed her how to make a snowman from the snow . PERSON loved the snowman so much that she built more snowmen . Now PERSON 's parents have to limit her time playing in the snow .	The kids were working hard in the yard . They were building a giant snowman . They could barely lift the head ! They decorated him with a carrot nose and some branches for arms . He was a great addition to the yard .	PERSON woke up to a yard covered in snow . She put on her boots and went outside . She played in the snow and built a snowman . She placed a carrot for his nose and put a scarf on his neck . PERSON had a great time building her snowman .	When I was a kid , I loved to play in the snow . I built snow men a lot . One at a neighborhood kid knocked down my snowman . I was really upset and cried . His mom made him come over and apologize .	PERSON was thrilled when he woke up and saw snow . He was not used to the snow since he lived in a warmer area . PERSON went outside and spent hours building a big snowman . The next day , we looked outside and his snow man was n't there . He was sad to see his snowman had melted .
the contest	The kids were all guessing numbers . They were having a contest to see who could guess the right one . They shouted out numbers until there was a winner . They sat down to think of another game to play . It was a very boring day !	PERSON had won a thousand dollars . SHe 'd entered a costume contest at her school . Her Halloween costume had blown everyone else 's away . PERSON took pictures of herself wearing it . SHe could n't wait to show all her friends !	PERSON entered his office 's chili cooking contest . He did n't have his own recipe . He decided to just get a lot of chili from Wendy 's . He added a bit of spices and that was it . PERSON won second place .	PERSON worked at an office that had a contest . They encouraged people to lose weight . The winner got a lot of good prizes . PERSON worked hard and lost the most weight . Everyone was proud and glad he won .	There was a contest at the carnival . You could pay a dollar to guess how many jelly beans were in a jar . PERSON guessed the exact number . He was very proud of himself . He was even happier when he was handed $ 400 in prize money !
hot coffee	On my way to work I stopped to get some coffee . I went through the drive through and placed my order . I paid the cashier and patiently waited for my drink . When she handed me the drink , the lid came off and spilled on me . The coffee hurt and I had to go home and change clothes .	PERSON was drinking his morning coffee . He did n't notice that his coffee was scalding hot . PERSON burned his upper lip while taking a sip . He screamed in pain . Afterwards , PERSON got an ice-pack for his burn .	PERSON and PERSON went to a coffee shop . They ordered coffee and drank together . But PERSON clumsily spilled coffee on her skirt . She did not want to look stupid in front of PERSON . So she blamed the coffee shop for her cup having a broken lid .	PERSON loved drinking coffee every morning . The hotter the better . For her birthday she got a new coffee maker . It was the best gift she could get . She was excited for days .	The waitress served a cup of coffee to Janet She ended up having a small spasm on her arm . When her arm moved , it spilled coffee on PERSON . His face got burned from the hot coffee . PERSON threw a cup of cold water on his face .
traffic jam	PERSON was driving to work . There was a bad accident on his route . PERSON got stuck in a bit of traffic . PERSON knew he was running late . He called his boss to tell him he was stuck in traffic .	The traffic was backed up tonight . There was an accident on the highway . It caused a traffic jam in the city . I was late to practice . I need to leave earlier .	PERSON was stuck in traffic . Up ahead , there had been a small accident . Nobody was hurt , but the road was blocked for a mile . PERSON waited in his car for the accident to clear . PERSON got home 30 minutes later .	PERSON was on his way to his wedding . He was running late as it was . On the way there he got stuck in a huge traffic jam . PERSON called his fiancee to let her know what happened . His fiance was frustrated but understanding .	PERSON was on his way to work when he noticed a lane closure ahead . Soon PERSON found himself stuck in heavy traffic . He called his boss to say he 'd be late , but his boss was n't happy . PERSON had to get to work or he feared he would lose his job . Suddenly the traffic let up and PERSON made it to work just in time .
new music	PERSON was a lead singer in a band . His band decided to try playing a new type of music . The audience did not like the new music . The crowd jeered and hissed during the songs . PERSON 's band went back to playing their old music .	I really needed some new music to listen to . All of the music I had in my collection was boring . I needed to feel inspired . I decided to go to a concert when my favorite artist played . The live sound gave me the refreshing feel I needed .	PERSON loved downloading lots of music on the internet . The only problem was , he never paid for it . PERSON figured he would never get caught . One day the FBI knocked on his door . PERSON cried when they found all of the stolen songs on his computer .	I was trying to broaden my musical horizons . I asked friends for recommendations of things to listen to . One of my pals told me to check out classical music by PERSON . One of my pals told me to check out glam rock by PERSON PERSON . I ended up loving both , and thanked my friends for the help .	PERSON played clarinet in the school band . She always practiced when she got home to be better . During practice one day PERSON decided to not follow her sheet notes . PERSON wrote her own song and shared it with her music teacher . He loved it so much the band played it at the first football game .
PERSON sells his car	PERSON loved his Ford mustang more than anything . It was his baby from his college years . PERSON was having a baby . He had to save as much money as possible . PERSON let go of his baby and sold his Mustang .	PERSON was in a really bad accident . He did n't have insurance . His bills were piling very high . PERSON decided he needed to let some things go . PERSON decides to sell his classic muscle car to pay his expenses .	PERSON realizes that he is using his car much less than he used to . He decides to sell it altogether to save money on insurance . PERSON is surprised when several buyers express interest quickly . He sells the car for more than he thought it would be able to . PERSON feels great that he was able to sell his car .	PERSON had recently just purchased a new car . He had also recently lost his job . He could not afford to pay the payments on his car . PERSON had to sell his car back to the dealership . PERSON was able to buy a cheap used car off of Craigslist instead .	PERSON was having another baby . He knew he had to let go another one of his toys . PERSON loved his old Classic Mustang . Frank finally placed it for sell and waited . Frank found a buyer and sold one of his prized possessions .
prayer	My mom taught me how to pray when I was a little child . I said the same prayer every night with her as a child . When my son was born I taught him the same prayer . Now my son says the prayer with me . We have a special bond with our family praying because of my mom .	The man said a prayer out loud . Praying in the school was prohibited . He was asked to stop praying . He refused to stop . He was asked to leave the school until he could follow the rules .	PERSON had a test coming up . He studied hard . He still felt unprepared . He said a prayer . He aced the test !	PERSON attended Sunday church service with his family . The pastor droned on with the service . PERSON rolled his eyes . When the pastor asked the congregation to pray , PERSON snickered . His mother elbowed him in the side .	PERSON was sing along to an Iron Maiden song . Suddenly he noticed it sounded a lot like a prayer ! PERSON looked up the lyrics to the song online . Turned out it was an ancient prayer being sung . PERSON stopped listening to that song from now on .
physics test	PERSON has a physics test . He has not studied . He pulled an allnighter . When he got to call , he was very anxious . PERSON was happy when his teacher postponed the test .	PERSON has a physics test tomorrow . She has n't studied at all for this test . PERSON grabs some coffee and puts on study music . She crams for the test all night . Unfortunately , she falls asleep in the morning and misses the test .	PERSON has a physics test tomorrow . He has not studied at all . He is nervous about not passing . When he got to class , his teacher postponed the test . He was very thankful his teacher moved the test .	PERSON has a physics test tomorrow . He has been studying all week . He decided to pull an allnighter anyway . When PERSON got to school , he was tired . Luckily , his teacher postponed their test .	PERSON has a physics test tomorrow . He has not studied at all . He knew the formulas but did not feel confident . He decided to pull an allnighter . He was able to pass his test .
charity	I really needed to meet some friends . On the weekends , I usually just sat and did nothing . It really made my feel lonely . I decided to join a charity to help the less fortunate . I met so many people that I forgot about being lonely .	PERSON was working a paper route to save up and buy a bicycle . He would walk his route and make Twenty Dollars everyday . One day , PERSON was at the store with his mom and saw a santa . The santa had a pot and was ringing a bell , asking for money . PERSON decided that others needed the money more than he needed a bike .	PERSON loved to donate to charity . He donated because he knew people needed money . One day , he got a call . It was the president thanking him . Now , PERSON makes sure to donate as much as possible .	Wanting to be generous , I donated to a charitable organization . I wrote a big check thinking that it would go to a good cause . A few months later , I discovered that the money had been embezzled . I was terribly upset at the situation as I felt cheated . I decided never to donate money again .	A boy approached me today . He said he represented a local charity . It turned out to be one close to my heart . I made a small donation . Now I feel terrible that I could n't give him more .
game	PERSON bought the new zelda game . He was so excited about it . He played the game for hours straight . He forgot to eat . He had to turn it off when his mom yelled at him	PERSON and her sister were bored . Their mother suggested a family game night . The girls became excited and chose their favorite game . Their mother made snacks while the girls set the game up . The three of them enjoyed the family game night .	PERSON loved board games . He felt like they were full of strategy and variety . Yet , his friends found no interest in them . He begged and begged for them to join . Happily , he managed to convince them to join him !	We went to the ballgame . It was starting pretty late . We took blankets and sat on the ground . We ate nachos and drank sodas . We enjoyed the game and the evening .	I was first on the leaderboard in a game I was playing . A competitor was trying to oust me from my first place spot . We competed furiously in the game , each trying to outdo the other . Eventually , I was unable to maintain my first spot . He got 1 more point than I did , and claimed the first spot .
safari	PERSON went on an African safari trip . During the safari , he saw lions and elephants . He took many photos of these wild animals . When PERSON returned from his trip , he realized he lost his camera . PERSON 's friends did n't believe his stories without the pictures .	We went on an animal safari . We had so much fun seeing all of them . But the next day we found out the owner was killed . We found out that an animal trampled him during feeding . It was so sad to hear the news .	PERSON went on a guided jungle trek . She rode an elephant on her safari . The elephant took the trekkers to a hidden jungle waterfall . There , they drank and cavorted in the refreshing water . PERSON had a wonderful time on her jungle trek .	Will was a boy who really loved animals . Will 's greatest dream was to go on a real safari . Will 's parents surprised him with a safari trip for his birthday . Will saw every animal he loved while on the safari . Will also got a pretty good sunburn during the trip , too .	PERSON was on a safari in LOCATION . He saw no animals at all ! But then his guides called his attention . PERSON looked and saw three lions approaching ! They got almost close enough to touch !
cocoa	PERSON was playing in the snow all morning . Then her mom called her in to warm up . PERSON hurried in for a cup of hot cocoa . When she drank it , she felt much warmer . Then she hurried back outside to play !	PERSON like the Christmas season . Full of cheer and seasons greetings . But she loved cocoa with marshmallows . Her mom made a wonderful Christmas breakfast for her . And included a huge mug full of cocoa with marshmallows for PERSON .	PERSON was out playing in the snow . She was cold and wet . She decided to take a break and rest inside . She made a cup of hot cocoa . She felt warm and refreshed !	It was freezing outside . Coming in from play , PERSON wanted hot cocoa . But there was none in the house ! She had to drive to a local coffee shop . There , she finally got her hot cocoa .	PERSON was craving chocolate milk , but she had no powder or syrup . She decided to improvise with a packet of hot cocoa . But , stir as she might , she could n't get the yucky powder to mix ! It was a foul-tasting concoction . At least , PERSON reasoned , you never know until you try !
skateboarding	PERSON loved to skateboard . One day he asked his parents to go to a skate park . His parents said yes . His parents drove him to the skatepark . PERSON had fun at the skatepark .	PERSON always did what his older brother PERSON did . When PERSON got a skateboard so did PERSON . They went to the skate park and skated around . PERSON was not very good at first , but he kept at it . By the end of the day he was out-skating his older brother .	PERSON wanted his son to get into a sport . PERSON 's son wanted to get into skateboarding . PERSON felt that a team sport would be better for socializing . But he relented and let his son take up skateboarding . PERSON 's son made friends at the skatepark , satisfying both parties .	LOCATION was skateboarding in his neighborhood with his friends . They dared him to do a trick on his board . Feeling cocky , he tried a trick he 'd never done before . He did n't land it right and hurt his ankle . He could n't skate for the rest of the month .	PERSON was a skateboarder . He wanted to impress his friends , who were also skaters . In order to do that , PERSON tried to kickflip down a set of 6 stairs . PERSON landed on his ankle wrong , and was unable to stand back up . PERSON had to go to the hospital to get his ankle x-rayed .
rocks	I played with the rocks in front of my dad 's work . We went there to eat pizza with him late at night . When we left , I went to play in the rocks around the building . I sat there for a long time , sifting through the different stones . I filled my pockets with the ones I wanted to keep .	My dog loved to play with rocks . So , I decided to buy some gravel . I took my dog into the yard and started throwing gravel everywhere . He loved the gravel ! Alas , he decided to eat some and we had to stop playing .	We always visited my dad at work on the weekends . We ordered pizza and took it to him in the evening . The building was surrounded by piles of rocks . My brother and I sifted through the rocks looking for ones we liked . We filled our pockets and took them home to keep .	PERSON and her family were at the park with their extended family . Some of the kids were pretty wild . In the parking lot an alarm on a car began to sound . The adults all went to check if it was their car . There were rocks all around the cars kids had been throwing .	PERSON was throwing rocks at a nearby lake . His little brother was beside him . PERSON wound up and threw really hard . But the rock did n't go into the lake it went right for his brother . His little brother still has n't forgave him .
dance competition	PERSON always wanted to be a dancer . He joined a local competition . He quickly realized he was out of his element . He did n't do too well . PERSON decided to train harder .	PERSON was practicing for her dance competition . She did her routine multiple times everyday . She felt ready on the day of the competition . She performed very well . PERSON ended placing 1st place in the competition .	PERSON was on the school 's dance team . The team was going to a national competition . The team needed to raise money to go to the competition . PERSON and the team decided to have a car wash . The girls raised enough money to go to the competition .	PERSON entered a dance competition at a club . He was surprisingly good . PERSON got into the finals . He tried something new he had n't done before . It went great and he won .	PERSON was eager to showcase her talents in the competition . When it was time for her to take the stage , she froze . She had never experienced stage fright until now ! She stood frozen until the music stopped . She was so embarrassed she ran home and cried .
lake	PERSON went to the lake with his family . He did not want to get in the water at first . He was intimidated by the size of the huge lake . But then he saw other kids splashing and swimming gaily ! That made PERSON smile and dive in to join them !	PERSON took his dog Rex to the lake one summer afternoon . He planned to play Frisbee with PERSON on the sand . But PERSON had other plans ! He headed right for the water and paddled in to cool off . PERSON laughed as he watched his dog splash and play in the lake .	PERSON was on a vacation in LOCATION . She decided to try to see the Loch Ness Monster . She spent almost a full day watching the lake . She saw all kinds of boaters and tourists . But she did not see any monsters at all !	PERSON had never swam in a lake before . He wondered if doing so was considered dangerous . He consulted his father , who told him it was . Despite that , he went out to the lake the next morning . Before he stepped in , he came to his senses and stopped .	PERSON went to the lake to swim . She had loved swimming there as a little girl . But when she arrived as an adult , she was disappointed . The lake was brown and polluted . PERSON sadly left without swimming at all .
a trip to LOCATION	PERSON and her family were very excited . They had just arrived in the country of LOCATION . The family was vacationing there and having a great time . PERSON saw so many wonderful sites while she was there . For many years after the family would always talk about their trip .	PERSON always wanted to go to LOCATION . When she was twenty-five she bought herself a ticket . She saw all the famous landmarks . She loved LOCATION and Minos . But she found Lesbos to be disappointing .	PERSON was taking a trip to LOCATION . She was learning Japanese and trying lots of new foods . She felt ready for her new adventure . She landed in LOCATION and took it all in . It was so exciting !	PERSON and her family were ready for their big trip . They were going to be traveling to LOCATION for the first time . They went and saw the sights of great cities like LOCATION and LOCATION . PERSON was so happy about the trip . It was an incredible time and she got to experience it with her family .	PERSON had never been to LOCATION before . She was really loving the experience . Her sister had come along with her on the trip . They went all over LOCATION stopping in several different cities . PERSON would always remember her wonderful trip to LOCATION .
cheer	PERSON was almost out of gas on a desert highway . She and her friends were becoming anxious about running out . They had n't seen a sign in miles . Finally the lights of the gas station could be seen up ahead . The girls all let out a loud cheer .	PERSON tried out for the cheerleading team . She jumped wrong . She fell to the ground . The judge gave her a second chance . She stayed on her feet on her second attempt .	PERSON loved gymnastics and dance . She joined cheer for the first time . She was going to compete in just a couple of months . PERSON practiced diligently . She wanted to do a great job .	PERSON was a cheerleader . She was performing at a football game . She climbed to the top of the cheer pyramid . But then she toppled to the ground ! PERSON was lucky not to be injured .	PERSON dreamed of being a cheerleader in high school . She was worried that she would n't be good enough to make the team . PERSON practiced every day for three weeks . After the auditions , she nervously awaited the results . PERSON was good enough to become the head cheerleader !
old house	PERSON decided to buy an old house . He was going to renovate it . Alas , he did n't realize how expensive the renovation would be . It cost him thousands of dollars to fix the house . Luckily , he increase the market value of the house by 300 % .	PERSON was recently looking for a house to purchase . PERSON and his realtor looked at various houses . Finally , PERSON saw a old Victorian house that he fell in love with . PERSON put in an offer , and anxiously waited . PERSON was thrilled when his realtor informed him he got the house .	PERSON rented an old house . He saw online that people said it was haunted . PERSON decided to find out . He got a Ouija board and tried to use it . Nothing happened and PERSON was disappointed .	PERSON found an old house on the property that she bought . PERSON decided to fix up the house and live in it . PERSON hired a contractor and the work started . PERSON watched as the run down house turned into a palace . PERSON was so happy when she moved into the house .	PERSON went by his old house one day . He grew up in it . He noticed that it had a demolition sign on it . He was upset that his old house was going to be destroyed . PERSON decided to leave and not look back .
learning to cook	I 'm the oldest of five siblings . So when I was a teenager and mom was at work I had to cook . At first I did n't know how to make anything . But little by little I learned different recipes . Now I know how to cook plenty of different foods .	PERSON had a great interest in learning to cook . He decided to take a cooking class . PERSON had a great time at his cooking class . He continued taking the class . Eventually PERSON joined a culinary academy .	PERSON was only 13 , but she wanted to learn to cook . PERSON as a vegetarian so her carnivore mother was no help . She went online and wrote down some recipes . But her other refused to make a trip to the store to buy supplies . PERSON eat eggs instead of meat until she made it to the grocery store .	PERSON wanted to up his own restaurant after graduating culinary school . With the help of his friends he came up with the money needed . He started out with only 5 dishes on his menu . Gradually his business began to grow over the years . His restaurant is now considered one of the best in the state .	PERSON moved into her first apartment . She had never cooked or shopped for herself . She bought a cookbook designed for people who had never cooked before . She read the cookbook . She heeded its advice and soon created nutritious and tasty food .
garage sale	PERSON wanted to by a racing wheel for his computer . But the one he wanted was discontinued . He searched for used ones . And found one at a garage sale . He was happy to buy it for only $ 10 .	PERSON went to a garage sale . She bought a bunch of CD 's . PERSON told her sister about what she bought . Her sister was jealous . PERSON 's sister joined her on the next garage sale .	PERSON and PERSON needed money . They decided to have a garage sale . They gathered all their things they did n't want . They set up a wonderful sale . They made a lot of money .	PERSON was walking to his house . PERSON saw a garage sale . PERSON checked out the items . John found a rare item that he could sell for profit . PERSON had made a thousand dollars in profit .	PERSON went to a garage sale over the weekend . She discovered something that she thought was very valuable . She bought the item for ten dollars . PERSON took the item to a pawnshop to be appraised . The item was worth 100 dollars and PERSON was very excited .
the snake	PERSON went to his garden . He saw a snake near his veggies . PERSON got scared and ran inside his house . PERSON called some people too pick up the snake . They picked up the snake .	We went on a trip to King 's Mountain when I was in college . The scenery was beautiful . I climbed out on some rocks in the middle of a stream and sat down . When I looked at the rock to my left , a snake was sitting on it . I did n't sit enjoying the scenery much longer !	The kids had a pet snake . He was six feet long and black . They fed him frozen mice . They decided to take him in for show and tell . All their classmates loved seeing the snake !	PERSON was walking by the pond . She thought she was stepping over a big stick . The stick moved ! It was a giant snake . She ran away screaming .	PERSON had always been afraid of snakes . Fortunately she had never seen a live one , except at the zoo . One day she was walking when she noticed something on the sidewalk . It was a black snake slithering across the sidewalk ! She was afraid at first but realized it was n't going to bother her .
red light	PERSON was driving and missed the red light . He drove straight through . A police officer saw him and pulled him over . The Police officer cage him a ticket and let him go . After that PERSON always paid attention while driving .	PERSON tried to move through the traffic . As soon as the light turned red , he made a left turn . As he continued to drive , a cop car followed him . He had to pull his car over . The police officer gave him a ticket with a fine .	PERSON was in a rush . He was driving to work and he was almost late . He passed a red light on accident . A cop stopped him . He was late to work .	PERSON often ran red lights when he was driving . He thought that he would always get away with it . Even after he was ticketed , PERSON would still run red lights . Finally , PERSON got hit by a truck after he ran a red light . PERSON no longer runs red lights because he can no longer drive .	PERSON got in the car . He started the car . He turned out of his street . He saw a red light . He stopped .
asthma	PERSON had an asthma attack in school one day . She groped for her inhaler , but she had forgotten it ! She started to panic . But then another student thrust an inhaler into her mouth . Luckily , another girl had had an inhaler in her purse !	Aura had a hard time breathing . Her mom took her to the doctor . He said Aura had asthma ! He gave her an inhaler . Soon Aura could breathe well again .	PERSON found out he had an asthma . Doctor told him he should start to play some wind instrument . Peter chose the trumpet . His teacher told him his lungs are not strong enough . PERSON decided to play the flute instead .	PERSON was concerned about his daughter 's cough . She coughed throughout the night and no medicine would help . One day she complained of chest pain and wheezing . They went to the doctor , where they found out she had asthma . Thanks to her new inhaler , she rarely coughs anymore .	PERSON has terrible asthma . One day he decided to go for a run . Half way through the run he realized he did not have his inhaler . He felt an asthma attack coming on . PERSON turned around to go back to his house for his inhaler .
PERSON gets a cat	PERSON was in middle school She loved cats so . Much She begged her mom for weeks for one She did all the chores around the house and anything her mom asked Her mom was appreciative and let PERSON get a cat	PERSON had always wanted to have a pet . He decides to buy a pet cat . PERSON loves his new cat . He feels less lonely now that he has a cat . He is glad that he got a pet .	PERSON has been wanting a new pet . His dog had recently passed away . While in the pet store he sees a pretty cat . He decides to buy it and take it home . PERSON loves his new cat .	PERSON had visited the pet store at the mall twice in the past week . There was the cutest kitten there . He finally worked up the courage to ask his mom if he could have it . His mom agreed , and PERSON was ecstatic ! The next day they went together and bought the kitten .	PERSON wanted to get a cat to keep him company . He drove to the pet store on the weekend . At the pet store he saw many cute cats . He bought a black one . Now PERSON is happy with his cat , PERSON .
PERSON gets hurt	PERSON plays baseball for a living . Clay can not stay healthy for a season . PERSON throws a pitch and strains his oblique . Clay is taken out of the game . Clay can not pitch the rest of the season due to his injury .	PERSON is out playing football with his friends . While running for a score he falls down . He grabs his foot and is screaming in pain . His friends rush over to check on him . They call an ambulance and take PERSON to the hospital .	PERSON fell off a swing at the playground . His mom quickly took him to the hospital . The doctor said that he broke his arm . PERSON was upset that he would n't be able to play for a while . The doctor gave him a cool blue cast and made him feel better .	PERSON was riding his bike as fast as he could . There were some mean bullies chasing him . PERSON skidded around a curve in the street . He lost control of his bike and fell off , skinning his knees . The bullies rode past , laughing , while PERSON cried .	PERSON is trying out for the swimming team . While trying out he is asked to swim . He swims as hard as he can . While swimming he pulls a muscle and injures himself . PERSON did not make the team .
food fight	The students began to argue in the middle of lunch . One boy grabbed his apple and launched it across the room . The apple hit a girl that was sitting quietly . The girl picked up her peaches and launched them back at the boy . Then , the entire cafeteria erupted into a massive food fight .	It was 4th period lunch . PERSON and his friends were planning a food fight . PERSON started the food fight by throwing his sandwich at the teacher . His friends threw all their food , covering the entire cafeteria floor . The students that participated all got detention for a week .	PERSON and PERSON hardly ever agree . Their disagreements sometimes get them into trouble . The argued over who should get the biggest piece of pie . PERSON grabbed a piece and threw it at PERSON 's face . Dad sent them to bed without any pie .	PERSON was eating lunch at school . A girl looked at her ugly . PERSON threw her pizza at her . The other girl threw food back . Eventually everyone got involved .	When I was at cub scout camp we all ate in the same huge tent . One day I saw a group of other cub scouts that my group did not like . I picked up a handful of corn and threw it at them . Soon there was food flying everywhere in that tent . It was a lot of fun until the camp leaders came in .
the heat	It was so hot outside ! The weatherman warned people that the heat was dangerous . People stayed in their homes and used the a/c . Finally , the heat broke after several days . People resumed their outdoor activities .	One a cold night I collected firewood . I took a bundle inside and set it by the fireplace . I arranged the wood in a tepee and set it on fire . The fire grew very big very fast . Soon the whole room was very warm .	It was 90 degrees when PERSON woke up . It got even hotter during the day . PERSON stayed inside and drank cold lemonade . In the evening , he went for a short walk . He returned home covered in sweat !	I set my oven to 350 and put some dough in to make cookies . Very shortly after I smelled a burning smell . I checked on the cookies and they were burnt . I concluded that my over was much hotter than 350 . I had to throw away my cookies because they were bad .	I went to the store to buy some food on a hot day . I bought fudge pops and put them in my car trunk . On the way home I hit some traffic . When I took the food out I noticed a puddle . The fudge pops had melted entirely in my trunk .
shopping spree	PERSON inherited thousands of dollars from her grandmother . She decided to splurge it on clothes . It 's been awhile since she 's been able to buy something for herself . She went to the mall and visited all the department stores . When she left , she had a new wardrobe and no more money .	PERSON entered a contest for a shopping spree . She received a call one day . PERSON won the spree . She got to shop at her favorite store . PERSON bought $ 600 worth of clothes .	Yesterday the new department store opened up . I immediately ran over and started shopping . The store had everything . I ended up with bags of items . I could n't wait to add the items to my closet .	In the past seven months I 've lost around 120 pounds ! It 's been a really exciting time , obviously . I think the thing I 'm most excited about though is clothes . I love being able to walk into a store and see my size . I need to win the lottery so I can go on a shopping spree !	PERSON got her first paycheck . And she decided to go shopping at the mall . She bought hundreds of dollars worth of clothes and shoes . But when she got home , she felt deeply regretful . The next day , she spent hours returning nearly everything she bought .
driving	PERSON was eager to learn how to drive . And at first , he thought driving would be a lot of fun . But when he started driving , he felt very frustrated . And he had trouble dealing with traffic and other drivers . So PERSON decided to only use public transportation .	PERSON drove down the left lane . A car approached him from behind . PERSON got in the left lane to let the car pass . The driver in the car passed PERSON . He waved at PERSON as he passed .	PERSON had never driven before but really wanted her license . When she turned sixteen she went to get her permit . On her first drive a car crashed into her car . It was n't her fault but it still scared her . As a result she never wanted to drive again .	PERSON loved exploring and seeing the country . He enjoyed taking long road trips . PERSON rented a car . PERSON wanted to drive from LOCATION to LOCATION . PERSON drove from LOCATION to LOCATION .	PERSON wanted to go for a drive . He drove for a few miles outside of town . All of a sudden there was a loud bang when the tire popped . PERSON worked for 20 minutes to change the tire . Soon , he was back on the road happily driving again .
the bar	One saturday night , my girlfriend and I wanted to do something fun . So we hopped in our car , and drove down to bar down the street . As we got there , we realized it 's very busy and rowdy . So we had second thoughts , but decided to go in regardless . Long story short , we immediately left due to how disgusting it was .	PERSON had n't seen his father in Years . He went to an Irish pub one night . A woman sat down next to him who looked familiar . She called him by name , told him his dad was there . PERSON got up without a word and left the bar .	PERSON got invited to a bar . So he got ready . His friend picked him up . They went too the bar and drank . PERSON went home drunk .	PERSON and his friends went to the bar . Everyone drank beer . PERSON and his friends were going to go home . They made the smart move and did n't drive . They called a cab and went home safely .	PERSON was at the bar . He was waiting to meet his friends . They called to cancel . PERSON felt weird being there alone . He left and went home .
markers	I need to make a poster for my event . It will be put up in the lobby of my apartment building . I found some poster paper at a craft store . I already had a set of markers , though . Unfortunately I just discovered that the markers have no ink .	PERSON was exploring hunting paths in the woods behind his house . They were very complex . He did not want to get lost . he took lengths of rope and tied markers to the trees as he passed . Then PERSON safely traced his way back home .	I went to the store to buy new markers . I found some that were scented . I opened the caps and sniffed them all . My favorite was the grape one . It reminded me of grape flavored skittles .	Des 's stepdaughter PERSON came to her house for the first time . She was bored and asked to color with Des 's markers and paper . Reluctantly , Des agreed , as long as she did n't color the table . But after PERSON left , PERSON saw that she 'd left all the markers uncapped ! Angrily , she vowed never to let PERSON use her things again .	PERSON liked to draw . She thought her drawing was n't very good . She posted her art online . People liked it . PERSON felt better about her artwork .
learning spanish	I signed up for freshman Spanish . I found it very difficult to learn the different nouns . I had trouble learning how to put together sentences . I studied as hard as I possibly could . I ended up passing freshman Spanish .	PERSON wanted to learn a new language . He decided on Spanish because he would be able to use it daily . He signed up for classes and practiced with native Spanish speakers . He improved his Spanish language skills . His hard work and passion enabled him to eventually become fluent .	PERSON wanted to learn to speak Spanish . He decided to look into different ways to learn . After looking online , he downloaded the Duolingo app to use . PERSON started picking up on simple words and phrases . After a few weeks he became slightly fluent in speaking .	Gloria always felt bad she did n't know Spanish . Her parents were always talking to each other in Spanish . So PERSON signed up for a course at the local community college . Two nights a week she worked hard in class . Soon she understood all the mean things her parents said about her .	PERSON decided to learn Spanish . He bought Rosetta Stone . Then he started learning . Soon he was fluent ! He was glad he could communicate with Spanish-speaking people .
left out	PERSON felt left out during the holidays because she was Jewish . Her friends invited her to a Christmas party . She attended . She realized that she loved celebrating Christmas . PERSON converted to Christianity .	The boys lined up in front of the club . The security guards checked their licenses before letting them in . Everyone managed to get in except PERSON . He begged his friends to go somewhere else . However , they refused and went inside of the club .	PERSON 's parents asked her come to the family dinner . Since she had a big test tomorrow , she refused . Several hours later , her family came over to the house . They were happy and and could n't stop talking . PERSON became mad and went in her bedroom .	PERSON forgot to put away his leftovers after dinner . And he noticed it in the morning . He did n't want to waste the food . But he became sick after eating it . PERSON never forgot to put away leftovers again .	PERSON loved spending summers with her cousin at a cabin . One summer , her cousin brought along a friend from school . PERSON felt left out as they gossiped about boys they knew . During the night , PERSON tossed the friend 's clothes in the lake . PERSON felt guilty when the girls woke up and asked her to join them .
PERSON 's party	PERSON was turning 21 at last . Her friends wanted to do something really special to celebrate . They got together for dinner without inviting her , to plan . PERSON found out they had dinner without her . PERSON was offended and stopped taking their calls .	PERSON wanted to have a party . He called a few of his friends . He made lots of food . He bought some drinks . His party was a success .	PERSON threw a party for all her friends yesterday . The day before she had to run a lot of errands for supplies . She went to the grocery store for food and drink . She went to the party supply store for streamers and candles . All Penny 's friends had a great time at her party last night .	PERSON wanted to throw the best party ever . He cooked up lots of burgers . However , he got tired from all of the work . His friends decided to help . With the help of others the party was a huge success .	PERSON threw a party one night . One of his friends brought alcohol . PERSON was tempted to drink the alcohol . After thinking about it , he decided not to . PERSON had made the right choice .
apartment	PERSON had 2 weeks to get an apartment or else she would be homeless . All the arrangements were in order , except she had to get approved . The apartment complex denied her application for a bad rental history . She had to deal with being homeless , until her family gave her a place Through this , she realized how important family values are .	PERSON and PERSON were friends all through high school . After graduating , they decided were attending the same local college . They got an apartment together , but everyone warned them against it ! People said they would fight constantly and they would be unhappy . But PERSON and PERSON did n't experience that - they loved living together !	PERSON was in need of an apartment . She was new in town and was n't sure which neighborhoods were bad . A friend had a great idea . There was a website where you pay a professional to find your place . PERSON hugged her friend and went to call the service .	PERSON broke into the old apartment . He looked around and saw graffiti on the walls . He realized no one had lived there in years . PERSON recalled bad memories of his childhood there . He fell down and started crying .	PERSON and jordan have an apartment together . They started hating each other . They stopped talking to each other . They decided to move out . Now they live separately .
pressure	I bought a new pressure cooker . I decided to make rice in it . After I filled the cooker with rice and water , I left the room . I panicked when the lid exploded off the cooker . The rice had swelled and caused the explosion .	Adam thought it was funny PERSON was so afraid of wasps . Bo had never told PERSON the reason was because he is very allergic . PERSON was new at school and wanted to make a good impression on PERSON . So when PERSON dared Bo to hit the hive with a stick PERSON did it . Out came the wasps and PERSON got badly stung and very sick .	The match was tied 25-25 . PERSON was told to serve the volleyball . Although he was the best server , he felt nervous . He took a few seconds to think . When he served the ball , it landed in the out area .	PERSON thought his tire was low . He found a gas station to fill it back up at . He did n't have a gauge . He went overboard and the tire blew . It did n't hurt him badly but he learned a lesson .	PERSON had a test coming up . He did n't keep up during class . PERSON felt very stressed and decided to get some help . His friend suggested some breathing exercises . The exercises eased his stress but he still flunked the test .
jealous	The man got jealous . He yelled at the woman . The woman explained what had happened . The man felt less jealous . He apologized to the woman .	PERSON invited PERSON over to his house . PERSON and PERSON played video games together . They later at lunch then played outside . PERSON 's mother picked him up and they left . PERSON went back to room and saw no disc in his video game system .	PERSON had a graduation party after the ceremony . He invited his friends and family for dinner . Before they ate , he said that all of his success is because of his mom However , his girlfriend walked out of the house . She told him that he was unappreciative of her .	PERSON , PERSON and PERSON were discussing boys . PERSON had been kissed in the park , and the other girls saw it . PERSON was jealous . She was supposed to be the pretty one . But her guy was n't as hot as the one PERSON had .	I got a brand new car . My friends were so jealous . They really wanted one like it . I did n't want them to be jealous of me . So I let them borrow the car whenever they wanted .
uncle PERSON	My uncle PERSON is a pizza delivery man . He drove the delivery car all across town yesterday . He delivered pizza to a family who tipped him generously . Their next door neighbors did not tip him at all . PERSON decided that everyone should tip pizza delivery people .	Uncle PERSON could n't believe he was rich . He 'd just won the lottery , and after taxes , was totally loaded . PERSON went down to the Apple store and bought a new laptop . He also bought an expensive car , and a slushy at 7-11 . PERSON lived the good life for a whole year , until he was poor again .	PERSON never married or had kids . He was very fond of his sister 's son , PERSON . He took him to the movies and taught him how to fish . Eventually , his sister said PERSON 's father did n't like it . PERSON would still visit , but things were n't the same .	My Uncle PERSON owns a drugstore . Yesterday , PERSON decided to retire . He had a big sale at his store . Hundreds of people showed up for his last sale . The people were happy about the sale , but sad about his retirement .	PERSON flew to LOCATION to spend time with his sister and niece . He had only seen his niece once , and did n't feel attached to her . During the week , he and the toddler laughed and played . His niece giggled whenever she saw him . PERSON left LOCATION feeling closer to his sister and niece .
happy birthday	For my twentieth birthday , my friends decided to surprise me . I was on my way to lunch from church and they kidnapped me ! The covered my face and stuffed me in a car . When I arrived to the party I almost cried from their kindness . It was the best birthday I 've had .	PERSON was so excited to be having her birthday party . She and her friends played games for prizes . They made a craft that PERSON 's mother had planned . Then , after eating cake , they opened presents . It was the best birthday party PERSON had ever had !	PERSON woke up alone on his birthday . He looked all around his house but no one was home . PERSON was sad to be alone on his birthday . Suddenly , his family and friends jump out and reveal a surprise party ! PERSON had a great birthday with his friends and family .	Heathers mom 's birthday is today . PERSON waited until the last minute . She waited so long to get something she almost forgot . PERSON went to the store looking around . She decided to get a bouquet of flowers for her mother .	PERSON 's birthday is coming up . She asks her mom if she can have a party . Her mom says no . On her birthday she decides to go shopping with a friend . When she gets home she walks into a surprise party !
cook	PERSON wanted to impress PERSON . He had asked her for a date and she had agreed . Now he Just had to think of a way to impress her ! Then he decided to cook PERSON a fancy six course meal . PERSON was surprised and very impressed by PERSON 's effort !	PERSON was cooking an exotic meal for her family . She served them the meat and soup proudly . But then she noticed the unhappy looks on their faces . PERSON realized that for all her spices , she forgot something important . She had n't added any salt or pepper to her bland meal !	PERSON just finished culinary school . He offered to make his friend a sandwich . He used some meat that was spoiled . His friend PERSON got sick for 24 hours . PERSON apologized after he recovered .	PERSON loved cooking , but her school had no cooking club . She worried about what she 'd put on her college applications . Then she thought of the perfect solution . She volunteered as a cook at a homeless shelter ! Now PERSON cooks , helps - and looks great on her college forms !	PERSON had a reputation for being a terrible cook . She decided to prove everyone wrong by throwing a dinner party . She invited all her friends , and even baked a cake from scratch . Her friends tasted her cake and told her it was salty , not sweet . PERSON had mixed up the salt with the sugar !
the poster	PERSON loved basketball . He had a poster of his favorite NBA team on his wall . He would look at it and feel inspired . He dreamed of playing in the NBA . He planned on working hard until he was on a poster , too .	PERSON wanted to put up a poster . He decided to use tape . It held the poster up for a short while . It then soon started to fall over . PERSON decided to use thumb tacks instead .	The girl loved Finding Nemo . Her dad got her a big poster of it for her room . She hung it proudly on her door . She smiled every time she passed it . She told all her friends at school what she had now .	PERSON began advertising for the dance . She hung a huge poster in the hallway . All the students stopped to read it . A huge crowd showed up to the dance that weekend . PERSON felt successful .	PERSON liked to decorate his room . He hung a big poster on his door . His mom told him to take it down . PERSON refused ! His mom took it down when he was at school .
competition	PERSON walked into a bank and noticed a man in a hood . The man drew a weapon and demanded money from the clerk . PERSON walked behind him and quickly disarmed the man . The bank clerk was very thankful . PERSON then drew his own weapon , and demanded money .	PERSON had some competition . He was trying out for the baseball team . Suddenly , all of his friends wanted to try out too . He got so worried that he practiced 5 hours a day . When tryouts came , he blew them all away .	PERSON wanted to audition for the local singing competition . He listened to many songs before hearing the one he wanted to sing . He was nervous but no one in the audience could tell . PERSON sang the song with no mistakes at all . The judges announced PERSON as the winner .	PERSON thought he was very good a certain game . He decided to enter a local tournament . He showed up and won his first game and was excited . He then proceeded to get beaten badly by the next two competitors . He was discouraged , but still determined to get better at the game .	PERSON has a gambling problem . He made a bet that PERSON would win a tournament at school . Harry is the underdog in the competition . Surprisingly , PERSON tied for first place . PERSON lost his bet on a technicality .
hit and run	I noticed a merging sign several feet away on the highway . Since the traffic was horrible , I slowly tried to maneuver my car . A large industrial truck tried to turn on the same lane . We ended up colliding . Without a hesitation , he still decided to drive forwards and left me .	PERSON hit someone in her car . She pretended to pull over to exchange info . But then she sped up and pulled off ! She hurried away from the other car . PERSON hoped she would not be caught .	I was driving my car when a brown car slid on the snow and hit me . The brown car sped away while I jotted the license plate number down . I went to the police station and the number I wrote was invalid . I had written it so fast that it could not be properly deciphered . The person driving the brown car could n't be found .	PERSON was driving at night towards his house . A huge pick up truck hit the side of his car . The driver and I stopped our vehicles and got out of it . I told him to wait for a few minutes since I was calling the cops . He said he needed to get something from his car and took off .	PERSON was on her way home after a long day at work . As PERSON was about to turn right into her complex , she was hit . PERSON parked the car , and got out of her vehicle . However , the other driver kept driving . PERSON was horrified that someone would hit her car and not stop .
car accident	PERSON got in a car accident and ruined the front of her car . She brought it into the shop . She had to get a loaner car because her car will take a week to fix . PERSON was nervous because she did n't want to get in another accident . She started driving again and started to feel better .	PERSON and PERSON received remote control cars for Christmas . PERSON and PERSON 's friends had received ride on jeeps for Christmas . PERSON decided to race their remote control cars against the big jeeps . One of the big jeeps accidentally smashed PERSON 's car . Because it was PERSON 's idea , he gave PERSON his car .	I was driving to work this morning . On the way , I saw an accident . There was 10 cars piled up on the interstate . Traffic was backed up for miles . Needless to say , I was late to work .	Driving down the road , I saw a car accident off to the right . The cops had yet to arrive . I stopped my car and got out to help . There was a man bleeding very badly . We waited for the authorities to arrive .	PERSON was driving to work . It was a very busy morning on the roads . Suddenly she got hit by a car . The car bumped right into her , as she was turning . Thankfully nobody was hurt .
school bully	PERSON was being teased by the school bully . One day she told PERSON she would steal her lunch . PERSON was scared . She had the teacher hide her lunch until it was time to eat . The bully never stole PERSON 's lunch .	PERSON thought the other girls at the dorm were bullies . She asked her mom what she should do . Her mom told her to stick up for herself and be positive . PERSON did . The other girls do n't bully her anymore .	PERSON was walking home from school . She was suddenly confronted by her school bully PERSON . PERSON quickly ran away from PERSON . PERSON chased after PERSON across an open field of grass . PERSON was able to make it home before her bully could catch her .	PERSON was tired of his friend getting bullied every day . He talked with his father about possible solutions . The next time his friend was picked on , PERSON asked the bully to stop . Everyone was amazed when the bully did just that . PERSON befriended the bully over the next few weeks .	PERSON was being bullied in class . She told the teachers bout it . Unfortunately they did n't do anything about it . PERSON eventually snapped and punched the bully . She got in trouble with school authorities .
skiing	I had never gone skiing before . My friend invited me on his family 's ski trip . I was nervous and inexperienced . I took a ski class the first day . Then I had a great time skiing with friends .	This winter I went skiing in LOCATION with my friend . There was so much fresh snow ! We were skiing all day because it was so fun . Both of us got a lot better at skiing from the trip . I can not wait to go again next year !	I went skiing when I was in college . I had never been skiing before . They were making snow and it was difficult to see on the easy slope . I went to a more advanced hill so I could see better . I fell , hit my head on ice and got a concussion !	A ski instructor showed me how to ski . I tried the easy slopes first . Then I went to the intermediate slopes . I did not attempt the black diamonds . I was afraid of running into trees .	PERSON was a very good skier . He had decided to come up and hit the slopes for a weekend . He was flying down all of the hills and trails . PERSON met up with some friends as well and they skied . He had an incredible time that weekend skiing .
thirst	PERSON was very thirsty . He asked his friend to buy him drinks . He paid his friend five dollars to go to the store . His friend got the drinks for PERSON . PERSON quenched his thirst .	Harry had been out walking for miles . He got lost in the woods and did n't know it . He was thirsty but ran out of water a while back . There was a puddle near by . He drank from the puddle .	PERSON just finished running a mile . And he really needed something to drink . He headed towards the nearest water fountain . But the water tasted odd and barely helped his thirst . When he got home , he felt very weak and sick .	PERSON was thirsty . He decided to have some lemonade . He checked his fridge for some lemonade . His fridge was out of lemonade . PERSON settled for plain water .	PERSON was extremely thirsty after his workout . But he did n't have any change for the vending machine . Unfortunately , the water fountain was also out of order . He decided to stop by the gas station on his way home . PERSON was finally able to quench his thirst .
eviction	My friend PERSON met a man one day . After a month he started living with her . They broke up , but he refused to move . She gave him an eviction notice and he laughed . She called the police and they moved him out .	PERSON looked at his family with tears in his eyes . In two weeks , he would be evicted from his apartment . In desperation , PERSON set up a Go Fund me Account . To his surprise , donations poured in from all over . PERSON was able to keep his family in their home .	PERSON was watching TV when she heard a knock on the door . She checked and found an eviction notice taped to the door . She had n't paid rent on time for quite awhile . PERSON had no clue what she was going to do . Luckily , her parents offered to take her in .	PERSON 's family got behind on their house payments . They were risking eviction . They tried several things to make money . Unfortunately it was n't enough . They were forced to leave in a couple of months .	Last month we saw a constable post an eviction notice on a door . A week later the notice was still on the apartment door . A week after that i saw the constable come by and remove the notice . He said the law required sufficient notice of eviction . The next day , maintenance staff removed the unit 's contents .
getting lost	PERSON was out hiking with friends . It became cloudy and dark . They eventually realized they got lost . PERSON was able to find the trail back . Everyone was tired but grateful .	PERSON had just gotten her driver 's license . It was her first time driving by herself . Without her mother 's help , the winding roads quickly confused her . She knew she was lost , and pulled over to ask for directions . The clerk at the gas station guided her on her way .	PERSON was out walking one night by himself . After a while he realized he did not know where he was any more . He looked around for landmarks but did n't see anything familiar . Then he remembered he had his phone . He used the mapping app on his phone and found his way home !	One weekend PERSON decided to go for a hike . He realized he had forgotten the map and quickly got lost . After a few hours , PERSON started to panic . He called out for hours until somebody came and helped him . From then on , he never forgot a map !	My Dad was attending a school for the blind in LOCATION . My sister went to visit him . She took him out to eat to a place they 'd never been . Driving back , she became lost . My Dad gave her directions and they made it back to the school !
gas	PERSON was driving home one night . Suddenly her car puttered to a stop . PERSON realized she had forgotten to get gas ! She sighed and put on her hazard lights . Soon a passerby stopped to help her .	PERSON and her friends were on a road trip . After two hours the driver stopped for a break . PERSON felt it was too early for a stop . But she decided it would be better to hold her tongue . She simply wanted everyone to get along .	One day I went to drive my son to a cub scout meeting . The car was out of gas . My neighbor was just leaving when he heard my car sputter . He drove back and helped me buy a tank of gas . I was very thankful .	One hot afternoon I was driving toward a gas station . I had foolishly neglected getting gas and my tank was almost empty . Just when the station was in sight , my car puttered out . I had to walk to the station and back in sweltering mid-summer heat . Now , I refill my gas tank twice a week without fail !	The man ran out of gas . He tried to call for help . His phone would not work . He walked ten miles . He found a gas station .
essay	PERSON 's teacher assigned an essay . She knew it was on Thursday . However , she had a party to attend . She forgot to write a her paper . She received a bad grade .	PERSON had a 1000 word essay she needed to prepare for class . She took some time to think of a good topic . She did some research online for material to put in her essay . She wrote and rewrote the essay for hours . PERSON ended up with a great 1000 word essay on plant reproduction .	I had to write an essay for a class . I did n't feel like writing it , so I hired PERSON to write it for me . PERSON wrote a 2 page essay , which I turned in to my teacher . My teacher read it and asked me the meanings of several words . I was not able to answer him , so he gave me an F.	PERSON had to write an essay . His teacher assigned the topic of family . PERSON had no idea what to write . So he decided to cheat . However , PERSON got caught and was suspended .	In 4th grade I had to write an essay about jobs . I really did n't know what job I wanted so I just winged it . I thought my essay was terrible but I submitted it anyway ! When my teacher was grading them he called me to him . He told me that my essay was better than all the others !
french	In college I began to date a girl named Eve . Eve spent a semester studying French in LOCATION . While she was away , I secretly studied French as well . When PERSON returned home , I greeted her by speaking in French . She told me that was the day she knew I was the man for her .	The man learned French . He traveled to LOCATION . He met a French woman . She was impressed by his French . She agreed to a date with the man .	Will wanted to learn the French language . Will took a class at his local community college . Will watched movies and TV shows that were only in French . Finally , PERSON traveled to LOCATION to spend a week there . Will spoke fluently with the local people in LOCATION !	Chip wanted to learn French , but his classes were n't enough . He studied at home , but that was n't enough either . He decided he needed full immersion in the language . So he signed up to be an exchange student in LOCATION . Within two months , he spoke French as fluently as the locals !	The man learned French . He traveled to LOCATION . He used his French . His French was bad . The natives laughed at the man .
mail	PERSON heard a knock on her door . She peered through the keyhole and saw her neighbor standing there . Curious , she opened the door . PERSON 's neighbor handed her some mail that had been wrongly delivered . PERSON smiled , grateful for her kind neighbor !	PERSON took a nap at home . A sound woke up him at around 2:30 . PERSON figured that it was the mailman dropping off letters . PERSON went to the front door to check his mailbox . He opened it up to find some bills .	PERSON was expecting a letter . She checked the mail . There was a pile of stuff in the box . It was all junk mail until the bottom of the stack . The letter was at the bottom .	I have n't seen my parents in a long time . They do n't have access to the internet or a phone . One day I was checking my mail and saw that they wrote me . They wrote that they are doing okay . I cherish their mail because it is all I have to remember them .	The mailman rang the doorbell . I ran to grab my shoes . I answered the door . He was standing there loaded down with packages . He teased me about my predilection for early Christmas shopping .
the moose	The outdoorsmen were hiking in the woods . They saw a moose walking in the distance . The moose stumbled into the woods again . The men tried to follow it but it got away . It had been an amazing sight !	The man heard a noise in the woods . It was a giant moose ! He watched as the creature slowly walked through the area . It stopped to drink from the creek . Then he disappeared into the forest .	The couple was walking through the woods . A huge moose stepped out in front of them . The animal had huge antlers . They kept their distance and admired it . It lumbered back into the woods .	The family was out for a hike . It was snowy and peaceful . They were walking down the path when they saw a moose . He was wandering through the field . They all watched him until he walked out of sight .	PERSON had a favorite stuffed animal . It was a moose with big brown eyes . He would carry it wherever he would go . One day , he left it at the playground ! PERSON cried for hours .
scholarship	PERSON was good student but came from a poor family . He knew his only way out of his neighborhood was a scholarship . PERSON earned a college scholarship . PERSON went to college on a full ride scholarship . PERSON left his poor upbringing behind and become successful .	PERSON was getting ready to graduate from high school . She wanted to go to college but could not afford it . Her parents were unable to help her financially . PERSON received a letter from the scholarship organization . She received the scholarship and was able to attend college .	PERSON is a very talented musician . He plays the trumpet and violin very well . He had played ever since he was a child . Everyone always told him that nothing will ever become of it . He proved them wrong because today he was offered a music scholarship .	PERSON was the basketball star in high school . He took his team to the final four . But they did not make it past that . His skills were good enough to play in college . He earned a basketball scholarship .	PERSON did an Ancestry DNA kit just for fun . But her results surprised her-she found she was 1/8 Iroquois ! She did some research and found that her heritage might help her . She could even get scholarships and housing aid some day ! PERSON was glad she had discovered her DNA !
fancy dinner	PERSON took his girlfriend to a fancy dinner . He got all dressed up . He got reservations long in advance . PERSON even looked over the menu to see what it was . His girlfriend appreciated all the details .	PERSON was invited to dinner by his girlfriend . He was n't paying attention to the details . It was to meet her family . PERSON was n't prepared and did n't bother to dress up . Her family was surprisingly understanding .	PERSON saved up to have a fancy dinner with his partner . It took PERSON almost a month , due to his meager earnings . PERSON and his partner decided to go to a nice steakhouse . It was alright , but PERSON felt that it was overpriced . PERSON resolved to get better value for money in the future .	PERSON was at a fancy dinner . He was nervous . He did n't want to do anything embarrassing . He ate as neatly as possible . When it was over , everyone said he did fine .	PERSON wanted to take his girlfriend out to eat . He tried to take her to a fancy dinner . He grew up poor and did n't know what that was , though . PERSON took her to what was actually a mid level place . PERSON 's girlfriend was not impressed .
an accident	PERSON had a small surgery . They told him not to drive . He drove anyway . He caused an accident . Now he is in hospital again .	PERSON cleaned the whole house . She was proud of herself . She made a cup of coffee . The cat jumped right into it . Coffee ended up on the carpet .	The first time I saw the results of an accident , I was in a bus . We were stopped and a friend pointed out the accident on the road . A man was under a car after having been run over . People tried to move the car off him but only made it worse . After seeing that , I am much more careful when crossing the street .	John is an avid snowboarder . During a run down a mountain , he hit some rough snow and tumbled . Because of the fall , PERSON broke his arm in three places ! It took a long while for PERSON to heal , but he was optimistic . Now fully healed , PERSON is still doing what he loves .	PERSON and PERSON were supposed to meet in a pub . PERSON was late . PERSON 's phone was ringing . It was PERSON calling . He had an accident on the way to the pub .
doing laundry	PERSON was doing her laundry . She was in a hurry . She put everything in together . When she took her clothes out she got a surprise . The colors had bled and blended .	PERSON had several loads of laundry to do . She put a load of dark clothes in the washing machine . She started the washer and went to do some other chores . Halfway through the cycle the washer started leaking . PERSON had to stop the washer and clean up the mess .	Doing laundry is expensive for me because I lack have hookups at home . First organize my laundry into my bag depending on type . Then I make sure I have cash to put on my pay card . Then I haul clothes and detergent into car . Then I spend roughly an hour inside laundromat until clothes are done .	PERSON had a lot of laundry to do . He had n't seen his grandparents in a while . He asked if he could do laundry at their place . They were happy to help out . PERSON hung out with them all night .	PERSON was teaching her daughter how to do laundry . She was going off to college in the fall . Soon the daughter knew how to take care of her clothes . But , more importantly , she also had learned a lesson from her mom . That was a special time that they shared .
car crash	PERSON was driving at night . The road was slick . He lost control . The car went into a river . PERSON had to swim to safety .	PERSON was steering his remote-controlled car outside . But he lost control of his remote . The car careened into the street . There , it collided with a real car ! Sadly , PERSON 's toy car was completely destroyed .	I was driving to work one day . All of a sudden the car in front of me breaks . I slammed on my breaks and was hit from behind . My car was completely totaled . I ended up buying a new car because of the incident .	PERSON was driving home late from work . It was raining and storming out . She hit a slick spot and lost control of the car . PERSON could n't gain control and hit a tree . She had to get the car towed and replaced .	PERSON was at dinner with her family . PERSON was eating a lobster . PERSON was using her teeth to crack the shells . PERSON cracked a tooth on one of the shells . Everyone laughed at PERSON 's funny smile .
the grill	PERSON came home to find a big box in his kitchen . It was a new grill ! His wife had bought it as a gift . He assembled it and started grilling . PERSON cooked for his family every night on his new grill .	PERSON loved cooking . She was going to grill her dinner . She turned the grill on and waited for it to heat up . She had never used the grill before and was n't sure what to do . When the grill was hot , she placed the steaks on the grates .	PERSON moved into a new home . He bought a grill for his new backyard . He could n't wait to invite his friends over . He would grill for them and show them around . He called them to come over as soon as they could .	PERSON wanted to cook on the grill . He was disappointed because it had started to rain . Rain came through but only lasted about thirty minutes . PERSON grabbed his charcoal and lighter fluid and sparked up the grill . He cooked burgers , ribs , and hot dogs and was happy he got to grill .	PERSON got a new grill to start the summer . He decided to build a table to put the grill in . He went to the store and picked out his lumber . He spent days putting it all together . Soon PERSON 's family was eating steaks off his new grill .
gay	PERSON told his parents he was gay They disapproved and threatened to kick him out . PERSON was very upset they reacted that way . He had to tell them he was joking . He decided to move out when he can .	Shia was gay . She was afraid to tell her parents . She worried that they would be angry , or hurt . But when she sat them down and had the talk , she was relieved . They said they loved her and only cared about her happiness !	PERSON wanted to come out to her parents . PERSON is a lesbian . She finally talked to her mother alone . Her mother was fine with it and was n't surprised at all . She spoke to her dad and the same happened .	PERSON is gay . He wanted to finally come out . He came out to his parents first . They were fine with it . He was very happy .	A man pointed a woman . She pointed at herself . He blew a kiss . Then pushed past her to kiss his husband . Then he asked her to take a picture of the two of them .
the train	PERSON needed a vacation ! He did not know how to travel . A plane was too expensive . A car was too slow . He took the train and had the best vacation ever !	The family packed up their suitcases . They boarded the train . They were going into the city for the weekend . When they arrived , they all climbed off the train . They were happy not to mess with their car while visiting .	The man commuted every day . He got on the train at five in the morning . He worked while he rode for two hours . In the evening , he 'd get back on the train . He spent so much time in the train it started to feel like home .	The family boarded the train . They were traveling to the city . The ride was smooth and fast . When they arrived , they were glad they did n't have to find parking . Traveling by train was very convenient !	Frank had never been on a train before . He was excited , but a little nervous . The train left the station as Frank found his seat . He looked out the window as the countryside rolled by . He really enjoyed riding on the train .
change	A woman really loved macs . Her macbook broke one day . She considered changing to Windows . She decided to buy a Windows computer . She actually really liked it !	PERSON realized he needed a change in his physical health . He knew exactly where to start . He went to a farmer 's market in search of fresher foods . He threw out junk food that was in plain sight in his house . After just a few weeks , he was already starting to see results .	The Workmen 's were broke . Their kids really wanted ice cream . She looked for money . She gathered all her change and cashed it in . It was more than enough for ice cream !	PERSON went to the supermarket to buy some snacks . As he leave the supermarket he noticed his change was not enough . He quickly went back to the supermarket and told the cashier about it . But the cashier insisted that she gave the right change . Since then , he checks his change before leaving the supermarket .	When I went to Walmart I was going to pay in cash . When I got to the register I counted out my cash and handed it to her ! The cashier counted it out and handed me my change . While walking away I counted it out . I quickly noticed that she gave me too much , so I went back !
job search	My son 's friend PERSON just came back to MA from LOCATION . He took a year off to visit LOCATION . Harry needed to get a job . He went on several interviews last week . He ended up getting a job as a janitor at a gym .	PERSON lost his job . It was almost time to pay his mortgage . PERSON was worried about how he would pay his bills on time . He filed for unemployment and looked for work daily . He found a new job and paid all his bills on time .	Last week I began job searching . The first two days I searched online for openings . Next , I drafted a new resume . Then I wrote cover letters for each position . Today I was called to schedule an interview next week .	PERSON graduated at the top of his class . He was sure he would easily find a job . He looked and had trouble getting interviews . He asked potential employers why they did n't want to hire him . They all said it was because his references said he was mean .	Last Friday , I was invited to a happy hour . I learned a friend of mine was leaving my company . I was initially surprised . Then I realized that several of my friends have my company recently . It got me thinking that I could use a new job .
math tutor	PERSON always had problems understanding math . After he failed a quiz , his parents began to do his homework with him . They made PERSON do his math homework until he got everything right . They did this for a month . PERSON got an A on his next math test and he was very happy .	PERSON had a very difficult time understanding math . He was in serious danger of failing his math class . PERSON 's friend PERSON , who was good at math , offered to tutor him . PERSON worked very hard with PERSON to try to pass the final exam . PERSON was overjoyed when he got a C + on the final exam .	PERSON was failing in her math class . So her mother hired a tutor for PERSON . The tutor spent two hours a day with PERSON . PERSON raised her math grade all the way up to a PERSON PERSON 's mother was very proud of PERSON .	PERSON was a tutor . She loved helping children improve their learning skills . She met a boy who struggled with math . They worked hard on his multiplication and division . His math grades improved dramatically .	PERSON felt overwhelmed by math class . PERSON went to see a tutor for help . The tutor asked PERSON what was stumbling him . PERSON explained that it was homework due dates . The tutor suggested they work on time management .
diving	PERSON went on vacation to the tropics . She wanted to scuba dive . She took a PADI course . Then she got her certificate . Now PERSON could scuba dive !	My friends used to love diving into the pool . One summer , one of my friends got hurt jumping of the diving board . The pool manager took the diving board out the next day . Now my friends ca n't dive into the pool . I guess they 'll have to find another pool to dive into .	I was in a diving competition when I was younger . I stepped up to the diving board and I was very nervous . I realized that the competition is supposed to be for fun . I was n't nervous anymore and I jumped . I got a great score and had a great time .	PERSON bought diving equipment and took lessons . When he got good enough , he made plans to dive his local lake . Later , he went out to the lake with his gear and jumped in . He swam around and found treasures at the bottom of the lake . PERSON happily swam to the surface with his new trophies .	One summer at our pool party , my mom was caught off guard . She had seen her oldest son go diving off the diving board . He was almost forty years old , and she forgot he could dive . Everyone in the family harassed him after that too . Everyone always called him the boy who could still dive .
the award	Every year Crystal 's company gave out an Employee of the Year award . Crystal wanted that award . She worked hard all year to get nominated . At the ceremony , she nervously waited for them to announce the winner . Crystal thanked her whole department when she got the award .	PERSON was at a local community benefit . She was clapping for some people being honored for humanitarianism . Suddenly she was surprised to hear her name called . She learned that her award was for excellent teaching skills . She proudly accepted it and thanked everyone .	PERSON won an award from school . He did not miss one day of school his whole high school career . They said no one had ever done that before . He was pretty proud of himself . He said he was going to frame the award .	PERSON was being honored by the academy . He was getting an award for being the newcomer of the year . PERSON accepted the award in front of the crowd . They all clapped after he spoke . PERSON felt very honored .	PERSON heard a knock on his office door . His boss entered and handed him an award . He said it was for being the top salesman for the year . PERSON was honored . He put the award on a shelf above his desk .
job interview	PERSON had just graduated from college . She had an interview for her dream job at an advertising agency . She went into the interviewer 's office and noticed they matched ! They both laughed as they realized they had on the same blouse . That made PERSON feel more comfortable during the interview .	PERSON needed a job very badly . He had a big interview at the local bank for a job as a teller . PERSON had no experience and was worried he would n't get the job . PERSON had a hard time answering the interviewer 's questions . The bank did not offer PERSON the job .	PERSON got called back for an interview . She was very nervous . Now she was shaking . She went in and did it . Luckily she was offered the job .	Frank had an interview with a very prestigious company . He was nervous as he dressed himself and then drove to the interview . As he walked in , he calmed his nerves enough to speak properly . The man interviewing him called him back to his office . The interview went well , and PERSON was confident he had the position .	PERSON was nervous about her job interview . She decided to practice with her roommate . The next day she put on her nicest outfit . Her nice outfit and savvy interview skills were well received . PERSON now has a really great job .
coach	PERSON wanted to be very good at basketball . She asked her coach how to be better at basketball . He told her that she should practice every day . PERSON took his advice and practiced . PERSON noticed that she had improved at basketball .	PERSON had the best coach in the world . He helped her get better in cross country . He gave her extra tips so she would succeed . Her second year of running she made it to the State meet . The next year she ran at Nationals .	The college team lost their season . The coach got fired . The organization looked for another . They found another coach . They had a great season .	I had a really good coach . He was my football coach . He listened to what the players wanted . We all loved our coach . We then won every game that year !	The coach blew the whistle . The team did not stop . He yelled at the kids . The kids would not stop . He quit his job as coach .
hard work pays off	PERSON wanted to learn how to speak German . He bought several review books . He created a routine that consists of 1 hour study sessions daily . His school gave him a study abroad scholarship four years later . He was able to travel to LOCATION and improve his language skills .	PERSON wanted a new truck . He needed five thousand dollars for the down payment . PERSON took an extra seasonal job at a fireworks stand . PERSON saved his money all summer . On Labor Day , PERSON drove home his new red Ford F150 pickup truck .	PERSON was a very good swimmer . She took part in lots of competitions and often came first . The upcoming competition was very important so she had to do well . She trained extremely hard . In the end PERSON did n't win , but still qualified for nationals .	PERSON really wanted to go to graduate school for her PhD in biology . Unfortunately , PERSON lacked the research experience necessary . PERSON got a job as a research technician . She worked very hard for two years . After that , she was accepted to a top PhD program .	PERSON needed money to buy a new iphone . He did not have a job . PERSON decided to through the neighborhood and ask to mow lawns . He did such a wonderful job that many others wanted their lawns mowed . Within two weeks PERSON had enough money to buy the iphone .
the new dress	Joy bought herself a new dress . She looked in many stores to find one . She finally found it after hours of shopping . It was beautiful . She bought it immediately .	PERSON wanted to buy a new dress . She was going to a friend 's wedding , and wanted to look nice . PERSON searched all over town for the perfect dress . She was almost ready to give up , but she decided to try one more store . The perfect dress for PERSON hung right in the window .	There was a new dress PERSON wanted . She decided to save up to buy the dress . PERSON decided to earn money by babysitting . PERSON put aside the money she made babysitting . She soon had enough to buy the dress .	PERSON wanted to sew a new dress , but had no experience . She went to the fabric store and purchased fabric and patterns . PERSON cut the fabric per her pattern to sew her dress . PERSON worked on her dress for 2 days . PERSON was so happy with her creation she decided to sew more often .	PERSON bought a new dress . It fit her a bit tight . She figured she would just lose a couple of pounds . The dress stayed in her closet for a long time . Eventually she gave it to Goodwill .
online dating	PERSON met a girl on an online dating app . His friends made fun of him for the way they met . The two met and quickly fell in love . After several months , he asked her to marry him . PERSON now has a beautiful wife !	PERSON was very lonely and started an online dating profile . He met a woman and decided to meet her in real life . When he arrived at the restaurant he saw his neighbor PERSON . He was shocked to see that it was his neighbor he 'd been talking to . PERSON and PERSON got engaged shortly after their first date .	PERSON has been striking out with men lately . She has gone on dates that friends have set her up with almost weekly . None of them have yet to work out though . As a last attempt PERSON tried online dating . In a month she found someone that she is now in a relationship with !	PERSON was lonely . She decided to try a date online . She met a cute young man and arranged a date . The two met for dinner and a movie . PERSON had a wonderful time !	PERSON was a single , forty year old woman . She focused on her career for many Year 's . As PERSON got older , she wanted to get married . She decided to start dating online . She met a wonderful man and they fell in love .
the lost dog	PERSON woke up one morning to find that his dog Bear was missing . He ran downstairs and all around his house , yelling Bear 's name . Running outside in his pajamas he kept yelling for his dog Bear . He heard barking , so he ran as fast as he could towards the sound . There he found Bear playing with the neighbor 's dog .	One day PERSON took the horse out and PERSON , the dog , followed . PERSON rode the horse out to the lonely places . PERSON and PERSON could hear coyotes howling in the distance . When PERSON came back , his father asked him , where 's the dog ? He went out and found PERSON on top of an old rusted car , howling !	Our dog ran away . We looked everywhere for him . When we were tired of looking we sat on the porch . Suddenly we saw a man walking with our dog . He brought our dog back home !	I once had a dog named PERSON . PERSON was an Irish Terrier . One day I lost PERSON outside . I looked all over for PERSON . I found bob playing with the neighbors dog .	PERSON found a lost dog . The next day he saw a sign posted with a picture of the dog . PERSON called the number on the sign . The owner lived a few blocks away . PERSON was happy to return the dog to the owner .
tattoo	PERSON wanted to get a tattoo . He asked his parents for permission . PERSON 's mom and PERSON said they would think about it . The next morning , his parents said no to the tattoo . PERSON was angry that his parents would n't go along with his wishes .	PERSON got a tattoo on his leg . When he got older he did n't like the tattoo . He hired an artist to make it into a picture of a bear . The artist worked on his leg for four hours . PERSON had that tattoo for two years before he regretted it .	PERSON just turned 18 . She was determined to do something rebellious . She wanted a tattoo . She went to a tattoo artist and picked out a designed . When she was done , she had no regrets .	Will wanted a tattoo badly . His dad told him he could get one when he turned 18 . Will did not want to wait that long . Will 's friend told him he could give him a tattoo for free . Will accepted the offer and regretted it for the rest of his life .	PERSON got his first tattoo . He did not expect it to itch so badly ! He scratched it in his sleep . He peeled some of the ink off . Luckily , the artist fixed it for him for free .
the couch	PERSON noticed a tear in the material on her couch . She went to the store and bought a needle and special thread . PERSON sewed the material on her couch shut . Within days , the tear reopened . PERSON brought the couch to a professional upholsterer .	PERSON asked PERSON to come over to help him move his couch . They soon discovered the couch was too heavy for just them to move . PERSON invited his brother PERSON to help them . Again , the couch was too heavy . Then PERSON remembered all the gold bars he kept inside his sofa .	The boy was n't feeling well . He laid on the couch all day . When he got up , there was a dent in the cushions . He had worn out the couch ! He threw a blanket on it to hide it .	Growing up we had this hideous couch at my mom 's house . She had it forever . We had a lot of good memories on that couch . When my mom passed we had to decide what to do with it . We just coud not get rid of it .	PERSON was waiting impatiently . Her new couch would be delivered today ! It was a beautiful leather couch . She could n't wait to put it in her living room ! She had saved for months for this amazing couch .
social media	PERSON loved using social media . He shared all of his most personal moments on social media . He also shared all of his political inclinations on social media . He made everyone else enjoy social media less . PERSON did not seem to notice the negative reaction to his openness .	My social media accounts have few followers . I felt so bad about it that I started cheating . I make burner email addresses and make accounts on social media sites . Then I like and follow my own accounts . I still get no attention , but it does n't feel quite so bad .	PERSON is addicted to social media on her cell phone . She is on it during class instead of paying attention . Her grades have been steadily declining as a result . Her parents took her phone away from her until she gets her grades up . PERSON is upset but understand and gets to studying .	PERSON was asked to run his dad 's business social media account . Buddy started the page . It got lots of followers . They got more business . Buddy 's dad paid him well .	PERSON loves to be on social media . Sometimes she posts lots of pictures to see which one will be popular . One night she posted twenty pictures of herself . The first couple were popular but then people stopped caring . PERSON has now found better ways to spend her downtime .
new	I met my new boyfriend over a year ago . We met through friends at work . We hit it off immediately . We fell deeply in love . We finally moved in together , ready to build a life .	PERSON had just moved to the LOCATION from LOCATION . She was not sure anyone would like her . But on her first day at school , she made several friends . She even got asked out on a date ! PERSON was pleased that Americans were so friendly .	She needed to pick up school supplies . The new year was about to begin . She spent over a hundred dollars on one child . The list from the school still was not fulfilled . She left the store in frustration .	We bought a new microwave . It had a lot of really cool features . We could n't figure out how to use it , though . We read the manual but still did n't fully understand . We had to just hit start over and over to get it to work .	PERSON wanted to get his bicycle fixed . The bike technician fixed it but told him he should buy a new one . He decided he would . He picked out a new bike . He rode out with it and trashed the old one .
the house	PERSON bought a house . He also bought paint so he could paint the house . He climbed on the ladder and painted the house . The house now has a new coat of paint . PERSON is very proud of his work .	PERSON drove to a new house . She looked at it with a Realtor . She told the Realtor it was n't for her . She thanked the Realtor for showing her the house . She drove home .	PERSON was working with a realtor . He wanted to find a new house . He looked all over until he found just what he was looking for . It was an old brick home . PERSON made an offer that day .	PERSON died and left her house to her grandkids . They were very happy to have it . They were going to sell it and keep the profits . It took almost a year to get the house sold and get money . They were so relieved to finally have the money .	There was an old house in the neighborhood that was abandoned . All the kids were afraid of it , except for PERSON . PERSON ventured in one day and found something amazing . There was a small dog taking shelter in the home . PERSON adopted the dog and took him home .
escape	One day my dogs were running around in the backyard . We have a small hole in the fence , and they got out ! We searched around the neighborhood and finally found them ! Turns out they did n't make it further than my neighbors house . He said they were very cute and behaved in his home .	PERSON PERSON was a prison guard . One day he was asked to watch over a high security offender . He spent most of the day monitoring him closely . Until the prisoner escaped as he was eating lunch . The prisoner was hungry too , so he got a burger and was recaptured .	I had just turned 15 years old . I tore the wire in my window . I pushed a suitcase of my things through it . I climbed out and ran for my life . I would never return to that house again .	PERSON wanted to escape from prison . He bided his time and came up with a plan . One dark night , he set the plan into action . Sadly , it did n't work . PERSON 's escape attempt was stopped and punished .	The thief told the cashier to give him all the money in the machine . As soon as he received it , the cops broke into the bank . He ran towards the back door since no one was there . Instead of chasing him , the cops tried to drive there . The thief eventually lost them .
newborn	PERSON was in the hospital giving birth to her first child . She was in the middle of contractions when the power went out . The emergency generators kicked on but the room was very dim . She was scared but the doctor was confident . In the end she delivered a beautiful baby boy .	PERSON 's friends just had a baby . PERSON was excited to see it . He was invited over one day for that very reason . PERSON thought the baby was adorable . He got it a new toy as a gift .	PERSON was giving birth in the hospital . She was in a lot of pain . However , the encouragement from the doctors and her husband helped . Finally , the baby was born . It was a girl .	The newborn cow was very cute . She sidled up to her mother . She began rooting around for a test . She was a miniature , so it was n't easy . She lapped up the milk healthily .	PERSON and PERSON were watching TV until she started feeling different . PERSON went to the bathroom and started feeling pain . She then discovers her water broke . PERSON helps PERSON to the car and rush to the hospital . Later that night , PERSON delivers a healthy baby boy .
virus	PERSON inserted the USB port into her computer . It gave her computer a virus . PERSON examined it and it contained pornography . She started watching the videos . PERSON did n't mind that her computer caught a virus .	PERSON was researching information for his project . As soon the page tried to load , the site was redirected . A graphic site appeared on the screen . PERSON tried to close it . However , more pop ups appeared .	PERSON was visiting a foreign country on vacation . She heard that the mosquitoes there carried a dangerous virus . PERSON made sure to wear long sleeves and pants . She also wore a mesh face net so no mosquitoes could touch her . PERSON stayed safe and did not get bitten on her vacation !	PERSON 's mom had an issue with her computer . She had lots of pop ups on her screen . PERSON tried to run virus software . But it still would n't work right . PERSON broke down and bought her mom a new computer .	PERSON did n't want his younger brother , PERSON , to use his computer . But Today decided to use it when PERSON was outside . When PERSON went to his computer , he noticed several pop ups and ads . PERSON said he did n't use the computer . So PERSON blamed his grandmother .
guilt	I told a friend I would bring him a package yesterday . The guilt was too much because I did not do what I said . I am relieve I took my friend his package today . My friend forgave me for not keeping my word . Now i feel lighter having lifted that guilt off my shoulders /	PERSON wanted to go to a certain restaurant for his birthday . But he believed the food their was too expensive . So he reluctantly decided to go to a cheaper restaurant . And in the end , he was very disappointed . PERSON decided next time he would go where he wanted .	I had just robbed a house . I felt very guilty about it . I decided to turn myself in . The cops arrested me and the court gave me a prison sentence . However , I was glad that I decided to tell the truth .	PERSON was biking around the neighborhood with his friends . Someone dared PERSON to ring a stranger 's doorbell and run away . To avoid being teased , PERSON gave in and pranked one of his neighbors . He felt bad about it the rest of the evening . The next day , PERSON went back to the house and apologized to the owner .	I had a stroke in 2011 and had to retire . Many of my coworkers visited me in the hospital . One person did not . He got guilty when I visited work one day . He gave me $ 100 as a guilt gift .
remote	I have a spare tv remote . Recently it stopped working well . It could operate the cable box but not the tv . I changed batteries to no avail . Today it started working on the tv again .	PERSON wanted to watch a show but her tv remote was n't working . PERSON was sad she could n't change to the right channel . When her husband got home , he asked why she did n't put her show on . Her husband walked to the tv and changed the channel . PERSON felt silly for forgetting about the buttons on the tv .	Today , we lost the remote control . Everyone was looking for it . PERSON found it under the jumper . She gave it to me . Now we can watch television .	PERSON 's show was starting and he could n't find the remote to the cable . He tore up all the cushions on the couch , nothing . He checked under the sofas with a flashlight , nothing . He checked on the kitchen table and the bedrooms without luck . Finally he found it sitting next to the toilet in the bathroom .	PERSON lost his control . He looked in his couch and everywhere in his living room . PERSON began to lose his mind . PERSON calmed down . The control was in the kitchen .
a bad day	Her boss yelled at her for her mistakes . She spilled coffee all over her keyboard . She ripped her skirt on the way home . She was so upset she cried when she got home . She hopes tomorrow will be a better day .	On the way to work , my car died I called in to let them know , and no one answered . It took the tow truck over 90 minutes to get there . I tried calling work several times over the 90 minutes , and nothing . When I got into work , they gave me trouble .	PERSON was having a terrible day . His coffee had spilled and he was also late getting to work . Once at work he realized he forgot important work materials . He went into his office and began to cry . A coworker seen this and consoled him until he felt better .	Today , I awoke to the unexpected sound of thunder . This weather concerned me because my car window is broken . I quickly ran outside to my car . But , it was too late . My leather seats were damaged .	He woke up late and rushed to the bus stop . The bus was running really late . This day is not starting off good , he thought . Then it began to rainy . When it rains , it pours , he thought to himself .
the blizzard	PERSON was visiting family at her childhood home . During her visit a blizzard occurred . She was very excited to see all the snow . Her family felt stressed but she was full of vigor . She helped her family by shoveling all the snow for them .	It had n't snowed in LOCATION in over ten years . It had been an excessively warm summer so the worst was expected . Two weeks before Christmas a huge blizzard came . It shut the city down for two weeks . Christmas day it rained and washed all of it away .	The forecast called for over two feet of snow this past weekend . The blizzard had everybody around town in a panic . Between Friday and Saturday night , snow fell non-stop . Some people were excited , while others worried for their comfort . On Sunday morning , the massive snowfall was there for all to see .	An icy wind swept across the mountains as night began . The man searched in vain for his friend but could not find him . Finally , just as he was about to give up hope , he noticed something . His friend was laying in the snow , frozen but barely alive . He covered his friend in warmth and stayed with him until help came .	The weatherman said not to go out . The blizzard was going to make travel difficult . PERSON did n't listen . He decided he could handle it . Now his car is stuck in a ditch .
the baseball game	The kids were very excited . They were going to a baseball game ! They all took their gloves to catch any foul balls . They yelled at the pitchers and ate some popcorn . It was a great experience for them !	PERSON was very excited about the baseball game . He was going with his mom and dad to see a major league game . They showed up at the ballpark and steve had his mitt with him . The game started and it was very exciting . A fly ball was hit into the air and caught by PERSON .	PERSON loved baseball . He decided to go to a game . He invited his friend PERSON . They had a great time . PERSON even caught a foul ball .	PERSON had a baseball game coming up . It was his first game ever . PERSON was terrified . But , he continued to train hard and focus on winning . His team won the game because PERSON hit the winning home run .	PERSON was pitching in the big game . His coach told him to throw a lot of curve balls . The other team had an amazing batter who never misses . PERSON threw three curve balls and struck him out . PERSON 's coach was beyond proud of him .
PERSON 's new car	PERSON hopes getting a new car will help him find a girlfriend . He goes to the dealership and looks for a cool looking car . Finally he decides to buy a Porsche . He drives his Porsche all around town but still does n't meet girls . PERSON feels bitter that his car did n't help him get a girlfriend .	PERSON could n't wait to pick up his new car . He went to the dealership and signed all the final papers . Driving home , he realized he was going too fast . He slowed down just as a cop drove by . He told himself to be careful until he got used to his new car .	PERSON decided to take her boyfriend car shopping with her . She wanted a tiny compact car . He thought she should get something a lot bigger . PERSON told him it needed to be fuel-efficient . PERSON finally picked a sedan , striking a compromise between the two .	PERSON got a brand new car . He had purchased the car off of his neighbor . The car needed an oil change . PERSON took his car to the mechanic . After the oil change , his car ran like brand new .	PERSON got ta new car . He made fun of his friend 's old cars . While he was driving , a wheel came off . His friends helped put it back on . PERSON then apologized for being mean .
the ride	PERSON decided to go out for a ride on Sunday . It was a nice day to relax . She went through the countryside . She saw all the beautiful sites along the way . She had a relaxing afternoon .	PERSON loves to ride her horse on the nearby trails . On her most recent ride , PERSON forgot her helmet . PERSON 's horse spooked at a squirrel that ran across their path . PERSON fell off of her horse and cut her head . PERSON needed stitches to close the cut on her head .	On Tuesday I used a paratransit service for a dental appointment . The service , called The Ride , got me there on time . It also picked me up on time . But because of heavy usage , it took me 75 minutes to get home . A normal car ride is 20 minutes .	PERSON wanted to drive his father 's car . PERSON 's father would not let him drive his car . PERSON waited until his father was asleep to steal the car . As he sped down the highway , PERSON was pulled over by a policeman . PERSON was taken to prison and his father refused to bail him out !	PERSON 's two dogs love to ride in in her car . Since she had errands to run today , she took them along . The weather was very nice so PERSON opened the windows for them . Both of the dogs put their heads out of the window to feel the air . Once the errands were done , the dogs were not happy to go back home .
PERSON the dog	PERSON is a black dog . He was living on the streets . A nice man stopped when he saw PERSON . He became attached to PERSON . So the man adopted PERSON , and PERSON is very happy with his new family .	PERSON was a black and white dog who was taken to the shelter . PERSON had had a hard life and was abused . One day a woman went into the shelter and saw PERSON . They took PERSON home . PERSON now lives happily with his family .	PERSON had a great dog named PERSON . When PERSON was a puppy she caused a lot of trouble . PERSON would scratch everything and make a mess . PERSON was sent to training school for a week . When she came back , PERSON rarely made another mess .	PERSON was laying on the floor one day . Her human mom called her name and she went running to find her ! Her mom had a yummy and delicious treat for her . Daisy 's mom made her do tricks to get her treat . Once she had her treat , PERSON swallowed the treat whole !	There once was a dog named PERSON . PERSON loved to go swimming in the lake . He also loved to chase after birds . But soon PERSON will get tired . So he will go to bed , so he can be ready for another day of fun .
the dance	The Willcrest Annual Fall Dance was tonight . PERSON was excited to go but did n't have anything to wear . She took a quick trip to the mall to find a dress . She found a pretty blue dress . Everyone said she was the prettiest girl at the dance .	PERSON likes this boy PERSON at school a lot . She is hoping PERSON will ask her to the dance . So far he has not asked her and the dance is only a week away . PERSON has always been told that the guy should ask the girl . PERSON does n't care about tradition , she asked PERSON and he said yes !	PERSON wanted to go to the dance . She did not have a date . She knew she would be asked at some point . One day at school , her crush finally asked her . PERSON could not have been more excited .	PERSON had a crush on a boy . She was very nervous around him . She asked him to the dance . He said yes . She was very excited .	PERSON wanted to go the dance . She did not want to go alone . She waited for a friend to ask her . He never did . PERSON ended up not going to the dance .
the frame	PERSON wanted to hang a picture . She bought a big new frame . She hung it on the wall in her bedroom . In the middle of the night , the frame broke and fell . PERSON was upset that her new frame was ruined .	The family had taken a great family photo . The mom put it in a frame on the wall . They all admired how great the photo was . Every time she looked at it , she smiled . She decided to add other family photos as well .	The kids took a great picture together . Their mom put it in a frame in the living room . She loved looking at it every day . The next year , the kids took another picture . The mom put that one next to the first one .	The woman had a photo printed . She bought a frame to hang it on the wall . She nailed into the wall but she hit too hard and made a hole ! SHe put the frame over the hole and covered up the damage . Now that frame would have to stay there forever !	The girl wanted to hang a photo on her wall . She picked out the perfect frame for it . She had her husband hang the frame just like she wanted . She smiled every time she walked by that wall . It was great to keep memories around the house .
golf swing	PERSON was an avid golfer . He went to the putting range every day . However , his swing needed work . PERSON finally hired a pro to help him . PERSON 's swing improved and he won his first tournament .	PERSON was a decent golfer . However , his swing needed a little work . He decided to hire a pro to help him . He took lessons twice a week . PERSON 's swing improved and he won a tournament .	PERSON has an awful golf swing . He can never seem to hit at the right angle . He finally decided to take lessons . His golf pro was able to help him . PERSON got better and won a tournament .	PERSON was an avid golf player . He played all the time . However , he needed help with his right swing . He decided to hire a pro . He finally got better .	PERSON was a decent golfer . His swing needed some help though . PERSON decided to hire a pro to help him . They worked on his swing and PERSON got better . PERSON finally won a tournament .
the present	PERSON got a box in the mail . It was a present from her boyfriend ! She ripped it open . It was a beautiful new sweater ! PERSON called him right away to thank him .	PERSON 's boyfriend loved video games . His birthday was coming up and she wanted to surprise him . She went out and bought a game that he had his eye on . She wrapped it and on his birthday she went to his house . When she gave the gift , he told her that he already owned the game .	PERSON had a present from a year earlier . It was from his mom . He refused to open it because he wanted her to see him open it . A few days later she stopped by . They were reunited and he finally opened the present .	PERSON bought PERSON a present . He brought it home and got out wrapping paper . He tried several times to wrap the present . The paper ripped and the ribbon would n't stay in place . He used a gift bag and delivered Marry her present at the party .	PERSON was given a present for his birthday . The problem is that his birthday is not for another couple of weeks . PERSON longed to see the inside of his birthday present . He shook the present many times to try to guess what was inside . PERSON finally peeked inside the present one day and saw a remote car !
too short	PERSON wants a new hair style . She does n't want to cut it too short . The hairdresser agrees not to cut it too short . LOCATION hair is washed and trimmed . PERSON looks into the mirror and does n't like the hairstyle .	PERSON was short . A lot of girls turned him down because of it . PERSON decided to move to an Asian country . There he seemed taller by comparison . It was much easier for PERSON to find a mater .	PERSON wanted to go on the water ride . He was looking forward to it . Then unfortunately he was not allowed . He was too short . PERSON was so upset .	PERSON was a short guy . He tried online dating . Unfortunately a lot of girls underestimated his shortness . One date straight up cancelled . PERSON was really hurt because he could n't change things .	PERSON went for a haircut . The stylist cut her hair too short ! PERSON hated her new look . But after a few days , she got used to it . PERSON decided her new haircut was okay after all .
fighter	PERSON was a fighter professionally . He knew karate and aikido . His final fight was tonight against the champion . He punched and kicked at the champion , but twisted his foot . He lost the match and had to go to the doctors .	PERSON was aggressive and angry . His mom put him in karate classes . There , he learned to focus and control himself . After a few months everyone was shocked by the change in LOCATION . He was so much calmer and more in control !	PERSON loved lions , and when she found they were endangered , she wept . Then she vowed to do something to help them . She went door to door explaining and collecting funds . Finally , after 6 months , she made her donation to the Lion Life Fund . She was able to give them over a thousand dollars to help save lions !	PERSON was a troublesome kid . He was always getting into fights . His mom worried for his future , but his dad had an idea . He suggested that PERSON try out for wrestling to curb his anger . PERSON agreed , and now he 's on his way to bring a pro wrestler !	PERSON thinks he 's the toughest guy in school . He likes to fight random people . There was a new kid in the school . PERSON challenged him and punched him . The new kid beat him .
swim	PERSON was afraid to jump in the pool . She was n't sure if she remembered how to swim or not . It had been many years since she last swam ! But she jumped in the pool and found something relieving . Swimming , like bike riding , was something you never forgot !	PERSON wanted to teach her daughter PERSON how to swim . First she took the child to the pool and held her tightly . Then she taught PERSON to paddle and kick her legs properly . She let And practice in the shallow end at first . But soon PERSON and PERSON were swimming laps together !	PERSON did not know how to swim . She decided to sign up for a local class . There , they taught her basics like dog-paddling . Then she advanced to breast strokes and butterflies . Soon , PERSON was swimming like an expert !	Since almost drowning in the ocean , PERSON was no longer able to swim . She once was an excellent swimmer and wanted to be that again . Her brother convinced her to take swimming lessons . It was scary for PERSON to try to swim again . With lessons , she soon was able to enjoy swimming again .	PERSON wanted to learn to swim . He decided to try to teach himself . First he practiced strokes in the bathtub . Then he waded in shallows at the pool , paddling . Finally he lapped back and forth in the pool like a professional !
jackpot	PERSON took his Mother out to the casino yesterday . PERSON won a jackpot on a slot machine . He split the winnings with his Mother . On the way home , they stopped at their favorite pizza place . PERSON ca n't wait to go back and gamble again .	PERSON was walking home from school . She noticed a shiny object on the ground . She immediately ran after it . It turned out to be a golden pendant . PERSON hired an expert to evaluate the pendant 's value .	PERSON and PERSON had been in Vegas for the weekend . They were down to their last dollar . PERSON put it into a slot machine . It started to ding and chime . She had won the $ 50,000 jackpot !	PERSON bought a lottery ticket at a gas station . He brought it home and hung it on the fridge . After the numbers were drawn , PERSON looked at the ticket . He matched all of the numbers ! PERSON won the million dollar jackpot .	I won a jackpot at the casino . I was playing a new slot I had never tried before . My friend talked me into playing it even though I was ready to go home . I spun the reels a few times , then hit the jackpot . I could n't believe my luck !
blind date	PERSON 's friends set him up with a blind date . PERSON was nervous about doing this . PERSON knocked on the girl 's door , flowers in hand . When the door opened PERSON was absolutely floored . The girl turned out to be drop dead beautiful .	Ivy was so sick of blind dates ! Her friends meant well , but they never worked out . She agreed to one last dinner with an accountant named PERSON . To her happy surprise , PERSON was a great guy - funny , smart , and kind ! Ivy and PERSON gladly agreed to second dates with each other !	PERSON was 35 and single . She let her family set her up on a blind date . PERSON went on the date and had a great time . She and the guy went on more dates and began a relationship . After 6 months PERSON found herself accepting a marriage proposal .	PERSON was set up on a blind date . His friends thought it would be a good match . The entire date was awkward . PERSON did n't get along with her at all . He decided to not let his friends set him up anymore .	PERSON liked to play matchmaker . She wanted to fix her friend PERSON up with her brother PERSON . PERSON arranged a date for PERSON to meet PERSON at the movies . PERSON and PERSON completely hit it off . After many months of dating PERSON and PERSON got married .
PERSON 's travels	PERSON is a traveling man . He often visits mysterious and exotic places . He decides to visit the country of LOCATION next . He gets on a plane and travels to LOCATION . When arriving in LOCATION he is amazed at how beautiful it is .	PERSON loves to travel . His parents told him they 'd pay for a trip for his birthday . PERSON did not know where to go and considered many places . He thought about his heritage being from LOCATION . PERSON decided to take the trip to LOCATION .	PERSON was driving across country to visit his son . PERSON 's car broke down in the middle of a deserted road . He was n't able to fix the car . Eventually someone came by and gave him a lift to a mechanic . PERSON got his car fixed , and went and saw his son .	Jan wanted to travel . She saved up money for two Year 's . Jan bought a plane ticket to LOCATION . From LOCATION , PERSON hiked all around LOCATION . Now PERSON is a better person and loves to travel .	PERSON disguised herself as a man when she went traveling . It helped her feel safe during her journey across the country . She saw every single state and no one ever bothered her . Her favorite part of the trip was LOCATION . Someday , she wants to go back there as herself .
story	PERSON was doing a HIT . He was supposed to write a story . He wrote a short story . He got paid well for it . PERSON loved writing the story !	PERSON was reading a story to his son . His son hated the story . PERSON chose a different story . His son fell asleep . It did its job .	PERSON asked his mom to tell him a story . She went on for about an hour about her childhood . It was n't long before he was completely bored . He began to fall asleep as she went on . Eventually , he fell fast asleep .	PERSON 's daughter wanted a bedtime story . But she was sick of all her books . So PERSON made up a story . She told her daughter the story as she invented it . Her daughter said it was the best story ever !	The boy told a story . It did n't make much sense . His dad helped him work on the story . The story improved . The boy told a good story .
recovery	PERSON suffered a stroke two months ago . He was just starting to get feeling back into his limbs . They felt funny to him when the nerves started tingling . This allowed him to get a better grip on things in therapy . He was glad that he had some recovery progress .	PERSON 's neighbor was n't feeling well . She went to check on her . The old woman had n't been eating . PERSON began to bring her food to eat . PERSON 's neighbor started to feel better .	PERSON had missed football practice for a week due to a concussion . When he returned , his coach wanted him to take it easy . Instead of letting him play in the next game , he sat on the bench . His coach mapped out a plan for him to be in top shape . When PERSON was finally ready , he felt better than ever .	The road to recovery was long . He went an entire week without drinking . He wanted to cave so badly . She was firm and refused to buy any . He was angry but understood .	PERSON broke his leg and was in the hospital for a while . After PERSON healed he went to therapy . At first he felt discouraged because therapy was difficult . Then after a while therapy became easier for PERSON . After finishing therapy he was able to start hiking again .
leftovers	PERSON had her family over for Thanksgiving . After , she had a lot of leftovers . PERSON knew she was n't going to eat them . She brought the leftovers to a homeless shelter . The people there were grateful for her good deed .	PERSON had not cooked lately . She got off of work and found leftovers . She opened the container to cook them . She realized that the food was rotten . PERSON decided to clean out her fridge .	Jasmine is cooking Thanksgiving dinner for her family . She made so much food that she discarded extra food . Her mom was upset about her wasting food after her hard work . Jasmine family was filled with joy when she told them her idea . Jasmine gave all the leftovers to a homeless shelter .	I love eating leftovers of great meals . But I do n't like having the same meal back-to-back . This has created a problem . I wait for a day after eating a meal to go for the leftovers . In the intervening day , my family has usually eaten them all .	PERSON had a lot of Thanksgiving leftovers . He was excited he did n't have to get groceries for a while . He made lots of sandwiches from the leftover turkey . PERSON also made omelettes from his leftovers . PERSON was sick of Thanksgiving food after a few days .
unlocked	PERSON lived in a quiet neighborhood . So she acted like nothing bad could ever happened to her . She always left her windows and garage door unlocked . But one day , someone stole a bike out of her garage . PERSON always locked her garage door and windows afterward .	PERSON went to his friends house . And he stayed there for a few days . When PERSON was driving back home , he felt something was wrong . When he entered his room , he found his TV missing . PERSON remembered that he left his window unlocked .	PERSON woke up in the middle of the night . PERSON realized the his front door was unlocked . He ran downstairs and locked the door . PERSON checked every room to make sure the house was secure . PERSON then went back to bed , exhausted from being so worried .	The man unlocked the door . The door would not open . He shoved on the door hard . The door swung open quickly . The man fell down as the door opened .	The apartment manager unlocked the door to PERSON 's apartment . She let herself in , having not asked permission from him . PERSON was polishing his gun on his sofa when she intruded . He looked at her with a steely , hostile gaze . She slowly backed out of his apartment without saying a word .
red	The large piece of plastic was bright red in color . It hung in sharp contrast to its surroundings on the wall . She stared at it , almost fearfully . She did n't know what its purpose was . It was clearly supposed to be a frightening work of art .	Red is my favorite color . I wore my favorite red shirt . I was eating spaghetti . I got sauce on my shirt . My mom could barely see it .	She ran backwards . Her mother yelled to stop . She did n't listen in time . She fell on the bike . It bruised her butt severely .	I could n't decide what I wanted to wear . I looked in my closet for something I had n't worn in a while . I found a red ribbed shirt . I put it on even though it was a little short . I covered it with a hoodie .	PERSON loved dogs . She decided to adopt a dog after graduating college . She went to the dog pound and found a red dog . She bought him his favorite treats and toys . When she arrived home , she named him Banks .
aquarium	PERSON bought himself a fish tank . He selected a variety of freshwater fish for the tank . Soon after , one of the fish began eating the others . Eventually PERSON had just one fish that kept growing . That fish grew to be five inches long , and lived for several years .	PERSON was 8 and really wanted a pet . He begged his mom for a dog but she agreed to get him a fish . PERSON washed out a bowl and got a book on fish care at the library . Unfortunately the pet store was all out of fish ! PERSON 's mother got him a hamster instead and he was just as happy !	PERSON 's son wanted a pet goldfish . But she knew he would be bored with it . Eventually , PERSON gave in and bought one for him . But PERSON 's son could n't stop watching it . Later on , PERSON bought a beautiful , large aquarium and more fish .	PERSON was working on a group project in a college class . PERSON made good friends with his group mates . He asked one of the female on a date . He took her to the aquarium . They had a great time and later began a serious relationship .	PERSON took her toddler to visit the aquarium . First they looked at the seahorses . Then they saw stingrays and sharks . But her child 's favorite thing to watch was in the coral reef exhibit . A man wearing a scuba suit was inside cleaning the tank !
the watch	PERSON could n't find his favorite watch . He looked on his desk . He checked under his bed . PERSON even went into the bathroom to find his watch . His mother found the watch inside his backpack .	The kid had a new watch . It was set to go off every night at nine pm . His dad would get so annoyed when he would hear it . Finally , the dad took the batteries out . The kid was sad his watch did n't work anymore .	PERSON was always running late . Her husband bought her a watch to keep her on time . It worked great ! Soon , PERSON was on time for every appointment . The watch made a huge difference in her life .	PERSON was at the jewelry store . She wanted to buy a new watch . She tried on each one . She liked the rose gold watch the most . She bought it and wore it home .	PERSON father was handing his son his old watch . That watch was given to PERSON father by his grandpa . PERSON felt proud about having the watch . Years later PERSON would give the watch to his son . His son will feel proud having the watch as well .
mowing	PERSON likes to mow grass . Everyone tells him he is very good at it . He mows for other people every weekend that he can . PERSON even mows his local high school football field for free . Many people appreciate the mowing that PERSON does .	I got a new lawn mower today . I cut the grass in the front yard . The new mower did an excellent job . I decided to cut the grass in the backyard as well . My yard looks better than ever .	PERSON 's grass was too long . He bought some gas for the mower . He put the gas in the mower and started it . He mowed the lawn in less than an hour . Now PERSON 's wife will stop complaining about the lawn .	PERSON hated mowing . Mowing was his least favorite activity . His wife however , loved to have a perfect yard . So every Saturday Bob would wake up and mow the yard . PERSON mowed every Saturday to prove his love for his wife .	PERSON liked taking care of her yard . She mowed it every week . When the grass looked dry , she dragged out the sprinkler . The yard looked absolutely perfect ! PERSON wanted everyone in the neighborhood to recognize her hard work .
job	PERSON decided to go out of town to find a job . While looking for a job she saw a lady looking for job too . He decided to talk to the lady and ask her name . Her name is beth and they decided to look for a job together . Since then they became friends and they both have a job .	PERSON really wanted an after school job to earn money . Her dad said she could n't get one unless her grades improved . PERSON devoted a lot of time to studying hard . Soon she was earning As in all her classes ! PERSON was finally allowed to get a job and earn spending money !	June was a waitress . She was about to quit her job of 3 years . It was difficult and she dealt with rude people . One night she waited on a horrible person . However , he left her a tip of one million dollars .	PERSON worked in sales . Her friends thought she had an easy job . PERSON worked her butt off . She was constantly networking . PERSON loved her job .	PERSON was a teacher . All his friends thought his job was fun . They had no idea how hard it was . PERSON spent hours to prepare lessons . His friends never understood .
the new car	The family had been car shopping for weeks . They got a fancy new car . It was the nicest one they 'd ever owned . They drove it around town to show it off . It was a great new ride !	PERSON saved for many months . Finally , she had a down payment . She went to the dealership and bought a shiny new car . She drove it all around town that night . She was so proud of the new wheels !	I took my car in for it 's annual inspection . The mechanic found a serious problem with the car 's body . It was rusting away and unsafe to drive . I sold the car for scrap metal . The money was almost enough to buy another car .	PERSON wanted a new car . He looked through many ads and dealerships in his search . One day his friend showed him a picture of a red sports car . PERSON knew this was the car for him . PERSON bought the car and was very happy .	PERSON proudly drove her new car to work . She was pleased when a cute guy at work admired the car . The cute guy asked to borrow the car on the weekend to run an errand . PERSON relented , thinking it would lead to a date . That weekend , PERSON saw him with a hot blonde in her new car .
PERSON finds a job	PERSON was called for a job interview . PERSON dressed up in his best clothes . PERSON did a wonderful job at the interview . PERSON got the job ! PERSON was happy and secure with his new job .	PERSON was having trouble finding a job . She applied everywhere online . She felt hopeless because of the lack of replies . PERSON contacted her friend PERSON about possible job leads . Her friend PERSON was able to get her a job through a referral .	PERSON has spent months looking for work . He applies to many jobs but he can not find one . Finally a friend tells him that they have a job opening at her bar . PERSON applies successfully for the bartending job . PERSON feels great that he has finally found a job .	PERSON was feeling depressed . He had been applying to jobs everywhere . He did not hear back from anybody . PERSON went to a temp agency for help . The temp agency was able to find him a job within a few days .	PERSON decided it was time for a new job . She saw a looking for help sign on a shop and decided to apply . She filled out the application . A few days later the manager called offering her a position . PERSON eagerly accepted the offer .
batteries	PERSON was an engineering student in college . PERSON enjoyed making batteries . PERSON learned a lot from making batteries . PERSON went on to be a very successful engineer . PERSON credited his early battery making knowledge for his success .	PERSON had a bunch of batteries for his speakers . He played music all the time . One day he ran out of batteries . He was frantic . He then decided to buy speakers that can be charged .	PERSON wanted to recharge his phone but he did n't have his battery . PERSON had to go to the store to buy a new battery . After charging the battery , PERSON was able to charge his phone . The battery did not work well , but PERSON had no choice . The store did not allow returns for the faulty battery .	PERSON loved watching television . He would frequently use the remote to change channels . One day , the remote stopped working . PERSON bought new batteries . Tim fixed the remote by replacing the batteries .	PERSON and PERSON were playing a videogame . They were competing for the high score . It had been close for a long time now . All of a sudden PERSON 's character stopped moving . His controller 's batteries had run out and he had to forfeit .
the movie	PERSON 's friend invited him to the premiere of a movie . PERSON was excited and went to the store to get new clothes . PERSON got picked up at night . PERSON saw the movie . He enjoyed the movie .	My friends invited me to a movie tonight . I told them yes because I wanted to go at the time Now I lost interest and want to bail . But I do n't want to upset them . Which is why I 'm putting on my clothes and meeting them .	We went to go catch a movie last night . We wanted to see that new comedy . It sold out before we got there . We decided to see a new horror film instead . It was a great choice .	PERSON and PERSON went to a movie . It was PERSON 's turn to choose . She picked a romantic comedy . PERSON fell asleep . The whole theatre heard him snore .	PERSON and PERSON wanted to go see a movie . They looked at a list of all the movies showing . They could n't decide which movie to see . Finally , they decided to choose randomly . The movie they chose was very entertaining !
snakes	The other day I saw a snake out on the lawn . I went inside to get a broom . I could n't find a broom so I found a large stick . I shooed the snake away with the large stick . I have n't seen the snake since .	PERSON and his daughter went to a pet store to pick a pet . PERSON took her to see all the different animals . He thought she 'd really like a kitty , but she liked the snakes . PERSON really did n't want a snake , so he tried to steer her away . He showed her a cool fish , and she forgot the snakes .	PERSON was cleaning his shed . He heard some strange noises behind some boxes . He went to get a flashlight . He shined the light way back into the back of the shed . There was a big ball of snakes in the corner .	One day PERSON and PERSON were walking in the woods . They came upon a snake in their path . They did n't know what kind it was . PERSON was afraid he would get bit . They both ran back the other way !	PERSON was feeding the snakes at the pet store . One of the snakes got loose in the store . Many customers were frightened . The snake crawled into the mice cage . The snake ate two mice .
halloween party	PERSON had never volunteered at her daughter 's school . One day her teacher mentioned it and encouraged her to try . The next big event was Halloween so PERSON signed up for that . She ended up hosting a really fun class party . PERSON loved it and vowed to volunteer more at school .	PERSON got an expensive Halloween costume . He decided to wear it to a party . There was another person with the same costume at the party . PERSON was excited to see it . They both became friends over it .	PERSON loved celebrating Halloween . This year , PERSON decided she would hold a Halloween party . In addition , PERSON would hold a best costume contest as well . PERSON also wanted to play scary games during the party also . PERSON was excited about her Halloween party plans .	I threw a big halloween party . People arrived in all sorts of wild costumes . Most of them were pop culture references . Others were primarily intended to be revealing . I held a costume contest and gave a pop culture reference first prize .	PERSON decided to have a Halloween party . She invited all the girls except PERSON . When PERSON found out , she was mad . PERSON told her she was sorry . PERSON then did n't feel so badly .
art project	PERSON waited until the last minute to do his art project . He was a pretty good drawer so he was n't worried about it . That morning when he handed in his project he was embarrassed . The other kids had clearly put more work into their art . His teacher looked disappointed as she took it from him .	The assignment was to draw a realistic picture . Sadly , PERSON was not good at drawing . She drew a stick figure on the paper and turned it in . She hoped the teacher would be amused . Her art teacher was not amused at all , and gave her a failing grade .	PERSON hated art . She had to make a collage . She did not finish in time . So she failed the project . PERSON broke down in tears .	PERSON was in art class . She had to make a collage . It was part of a project . When she was done she got an PERSON PERSON was happy .	The teacher took her class to the art museum . They looked at the exhibits for hours . They had lunch at the museum afterwards . Soon after , the class was given a tour . The teacher assigned the class homework to write about their trip .
books	PERSON enjoyed reading books a lot . One day , he decided to not read books . He got very bored and did nothing . After a while , he gave up and started reading . With joy , PERSON picked up a book and began reading .	PERSON was an avid reader . He decided to buy many books online . He asked friends for recommendations . He searched the internet for the best works of literature . He bought many great books and added them to his collection .	We have a book exchange in our building . i donated two books for two paperbacks . The paperbacks looked unread . I listed them on Amazon and sold them for $ 8 . I was very excited .	We live in a condo with storage bins for each unit . Once I saw a bin was not in use . I put my amazon books into the bin . Later I found the bin was locked . I removed the door with a screwdriver and retrieved my books .	My wife 's boss PERSON listens to audiobooks while driving . She has a 90 minute commute each way . Recently she recommended two books . I bought and read the books . I told PERSON the books were pretty good .
clean up	I am retired . I had a stroke and have little use of my left limbs . Today I tried to clean up the place . I did the dishes and put away the shoes . The place looked reasonably clean afterward .	The custodian picked up a piece of litter in the hallway . The kids were gone for the afternoon and he was alone in the school . He turned the litter around in his hand and read the back of it . It read `` I left it in the toilet '' . He headed towards the bathroom hoping it was n't another fetus .	PERSON had a party the other night . His house was a mess because of the party . So PERSON began to clean his house . It was a huge chore . PERSON finished in the afternoon .	PERSON was looking forward to her birthday party . It was going to be at her big new house . But after the party was over , her house was a mess . And she ended up cleaning until the next morning . And she forgot all about the great party she had .	PERSON 's mom was taking her sister to the hospital . She needed stitches to close a cut on her foot . Her mother left PERSON at the house to clean up the bloody mess . She picked up the ripped sock to throw it away . That 's when she realized her sister had been wearing her lucky socks .
piano lessons	PERSON dreaded having to take piano lessons . Her mom made her go every week . She knew she was going to get scolded this time . She had not practiced any of her songs . Luckily , PERSON did n't have to go since her teacher was sick this week .	PERSON was interested in learning to play the piano . He researched different studios online and compared them . PERSON settled on trying out Falcetti music . He went through a few weeks of classes . PERSON 's piano skills have gone from beginner to intermediate .	PERSON wanted to play the piano . As soon as he tried , he felt like a failure . He sounded awful . PERSON practiced everyday . Soon , he was the best piano player at his school .	PERSON wanted to start teaching piano lessons . He set up a website and a few advertisements . He only got two students in his first month . One of them was a wealthy child . The family hired him full-time and he gave up on his business .	I was struggling at school when my teacher suggested piano lessons . I really did n't want to start lessons at first . After a few lessons however , I noticed my grades were going up . Math became easier to understand , and I was more confident . I do n't know if I 'm any good at piano , but I 'm glad I started lessons .
camera	PERSON bought a camera . He went to the lake to shoot pictures . He stepped out on a log . The log turned . The camera got ruined .	A man robbed PERSON 's house . PERSON decided to put cameras in his house . Later , the man tried to rob PERSON 's house again . PERSON caught the man on camera . The man was arrested by the police !	I went on vacation to LOCATION . I decided to install a security camera to monitor the house . While I was in rome , I got a phone notification . The camera had detected a person in my house . I called the police station and they arrested the man in my house !	PERSON was into photography . He wanted to try his hand at being a photographer . PERSON really wanted a DSLR camera to get started . His wife surprised him with one on his 26th birthday . PERSON was thrilled and uses the camera every chance he gets .	My daughter went to Boston College from 2003 to 2007 . The dorm room doors are often open . She went out for class one day . When she returned she found her camera was missing . She reported this to campus police but never recovered her camera .
chess	I played internet chess with my friend last week . We used to play constantly when we were neighbors . My friend got a job and moved away . We played only once a year in person . We tried internet chess for convenience , and liked it .	I was bored . My brother asked me if I would like to play some chess . Normally I would say no but I was so bored that I agreed . My brother beat me at chess . I got angry and threw the chessboard into the trash .	Tonight I played 4 games of speed chess with my buddy PERSON . I won the first game and drew the second . I then won the next two games . PERSON quit , saying he was tired . I chatted with him for ten minutes before signing off .	PERSON loved to play chess a lot . He played with everyone in his family . One day , he ran out of people to play chess with . This made PERSON very sad . Finally , PERSON went to the park and found people to play with .	We played a lot of chess at work . One day we had four players . One of the players was the mother of a young child . She was almost late getting her child from daycare She stopped playing chess with us .
PERSON 's pie	PERSON bought a pie at the grocery store . He decided to eat the entire pie at once . PERSON felt sick after eating the pie . He began to regret eating the pie . PERSON decided to eat pies more gradually in the future .	PERSON decided he wanted to learn how to bake . He went online and researched different recipes . He found a great one for an apple pie . PERSON cooked the pie and followed all the directions . PERSON 's pie was very bitter and he felt really bad .	PERSON had entered a cooking competition . Her best dish was a pie she cooked . PERSON went to the store . She bought all the ingredients for the pie . PERSON baked the pie for the competition .	PERSON made a blueberry pie . It came out looking perfectly . She shared pictures of her pie online . The pictures got an overwhelmingly positive response . PERSON offered to share her pie with her friends .	PERSON wanted to bake a pie for his birthday . He bought fresh berries and found a recipe . PERSON baked the pie from scratch . When PERSON tasted the pie , he realized that he used blueberries . PERSON hates blueberries so he laughed at his error .
the dog	PERSON was crying hysterically . Her dog had been hit by a car . She was the best dog PERSON had ever owned ! PERSON made arrangements to bury her . She was going to miss her dog so badly .	PERSON ran a dog sitting company . She was always very careful not to let them run off and escape . One day however a dog ran out the door while it was open . PERSON ran up and down the street trying to catch it . She eventually caught it and has been extra careful ever since !	The dog went into the breezeway . It laid down on the blanket . The sun was shining right on it . The dog liked the sun . The dog took a long nap .	PERSON was at the park alone . There was a loose dog staring at her . She was n't sure if she should run or not . She stood staring at the dog as he stared at her . Just then , the dog began to approach her .	PERSON wanted a pet . She went to the shelter and saw a dog that seemed lonely . She brought him home and got him settled in . She fell asleep that night and awoke to a horrible sight . The dog had shredded up her couch !
too hot	PERSON needed a venue for an upcoming event . He called every hotel in the city , but they were booked . He called every venue . Every place he rang seemed to be booked but one . In the end , PERSON decided a desert was a terrible place for a wedding .	PERSON was eating Indian food . But she was getting bored of its mild spice . She asked for another dish that spicier . And PERSON eagerly awaited it . Unfortunately , she could n't finish it without gulping tons of water .	PERSON was eating out at a restaurant . His waiter told him his plate was hot when it came out . PERSON was n't paying much attention . He tried to grab it and slightly burned his hand . The waiter apologized even though it was PERSON 's fault .	PERSON went to LOCATION . He wore a sweater . He forgot it was winter . He began to sweat a lot . He took the sweater off .	PERSON was trying to enjoy his Saturday . Unfortunately it was so hot he could n't . He tried cold drinks to cool off but it did n't help . Finally he had a great idea . He took all of his friends to the lake to swim and cool off .
wreck	I was going to school . All of a sudden I felt a big crash . Someone had hit me from behind . I called my teacher . I would not be going to class today .	PERSON drove his car into the median . A man in a truck went into the median . He ran into PERSON 's car . He did not even stop . PERSON only had a scrape .	I was playing with my phone . I was trying to get home . I was very tired . I ran into the side of a bridge . My truck was totaled .	PERSON was in a car wreck . She suffered a bad concussion . She could n't even remember the wreck . Everyone acted like that was a good thing . But sometimes PERSON still wonders what happened .	PERSON was driving to work . She went straight through the green traffic light . A car on her right did not stop at the red light and hit her car . PERSON was taken to the hospital in an ambulance . Luckily , PERSON did not have any major injuries , though her car did .
loud music	I went to a concert last night with some friends . I had lots of fun . The music was extremely loud though . My ears were ringing all day today at work . Next time I 'll have to bring earplugs .	PERSON was sitting in class . And he noticed someone next to him listening to music . The person had earphones on . But the music was very audible . PERSON hated metal from then on .	My son was playing his guitar especially loudly . I knocked equally loudly on his door . He timidly asked me what the problem was . I asked him to play only as loud as he was speaking then . He decided to play video games instead .	PERSON was trying to sleep . His neighbors were playing loud music . He tried to call the ask them to turn it down . Nobody answered . PERSON was forced to ask them in person .	PERSON moved into a new apartment . He was playing music one night . His neighbor knocked on his door to complain . PERSON apologized and said he did n't realize it was so late . The neighbors accepted and PERSON never did that again .
the olympics	PERSON 's friend was an executive with the Olympic Committee . He got PERSON tickets to any event that he wanted to see . PERSON rode a bus to the Opening Ceremonies with many dignitaries . PERSON got to watch the track and field events from a suite . The closing ceremonies were great , but he was sad when they were over .	PERSON was traveling to the Olympics in LOCATION . PERSON is a gold medalist swimmer . When stacy arrived in LOCATION , there was a rat in her hotel room . She called her coach . PERSON 's coach moved her to a new hotel room .	I went to the olympics in 2012 . I went with some family members . We had a really great time walking around and watching the events . We all thought LOCATION was such a pretty city . We think we 'll go back again next summer .	PERSON and PERSON sat down on the couch to watch the Olympic games . First , they saw teams of volleyball players compete . After that , they saw cyclists ride to the finish line . Lastly , they watched swimmers race in the water . PERSON and PERSON decided they would watch the Olympics again .	PERSON decided to buy tickets for the Olympics . She went with her friends . They watched and rooted for their country . Their country won ! They were very happy .
biology test	PERSON had a biology test . He had studied very hard but found biology challenging . He took the test and he thought he had failed . He waited two weeks for his grade . He found out he got an A on his test .	PERSON has a biology test tomorrow . He has been studying all week . When the teacher gave out the tests , PERSON was nervous . He took the test and turned it in . PERSON got his grade and made an A.	PERSON has a biology test tomorrow . He also has an English test . He decided to study more for biology . He was glad he did . Even after studying , he still did n't make an A.	PERSON has to prepare for a biology test . PERSON study every day . When the test came up , PERSON got nervous . PERSON fail the test because she worried too much . Afterwards , PERSON was diagnosed with an anxiety disorder .	Sue has a huge biology test in the morning . She has been studying all week . When she got to class , her teacher had forgotten to copy the test . The teacher announced the test was moved to the next day . PERSON was relieved she had an extra day to study .
feeling sick	PERSON had been feeling under the weather for a few days . He did n't know what it was . Eventually he decided to see a doctor . The doctor told him he had mono . PERSON got some meds and had to wait it out .	Yesterday I went to the town fair . The weather was hot and humid . After I went on a ride I started to feel sick . I immediately went to the trash can . I ended up getting sick .	PERSON was feeling very sick and was in and out of the hospital . It seemed serious to her but her friends did not believe her . Her friends thought she was faking it and was not sick . As a result her friendships started to crumble . PERSON them realized these were not her real friends .	Last night I felt incredibly sick . When I finished my salad I felt nausea . I could n't believe how terrible I felt . I took some ginger tea as a result . Immediately I felt relief .	We went to the fair yesterday . It was very hot . PERSON started to feel sick . I felt badly for her . She ended up throwing up .
the accident	PERSON was riding a motorcycle with her friend . She was going too fast down the gravel road . She hit a pothole all of a sudden . The motorcycle flipped on the side . PERSON hit her head and had a concussion .	PERSON was driving down the road . All of a sudden a deer jumped out in front of her . PERSON could not slow down . She hit the deer . Luckily , it did not do a ton of damage to her car .	Frank was drinking whiskey at his regular place . Suddenly a loud noise of a car crash shook the building . He ran outside , where the driver , a young french lady was unconscious . He immediately took the girl to the nearby hospital . He waited all night and in the morning she opened her eyes .	PERSON usually takes her dog outside to potty before she goes to bed . She was preoccupied one night and forgot to take him out . Her dog had an accident on the floor . PERSON slipped and fell into the mess . PERSON vowed to never forget to take her dog out again .	PERSON stops at the coffee shop on his way to work each day . He usually orders a hot tea with lemon and honey . Today , PERSON decided he 'd like to try a latte . PERSON waited excitedly for his order . Just as his coffee is given to him , PERSON spills it all over his shirt .
thunder storm	As I put my son to sleep it began to rain . About a half hour later the storm became for intense . Then a loud boom from thunder filled the house and the power went out . The next thing I heard was my son walking down the hall . He was frightened so I let him sleep in my bed .	PERSON was in a deep slumber . He suddenly awoke to the sound of a lightning strike . It was pouring outside . PERSON remembered he forgot to close his bedroom windows . He quickly closed his windows before the rain got inside .	PERSON was sleeping in her bed in the middle of the night . Suddenly she heard a loud crashing noise and jumped up . She looked outside wondering what the sound was . It had started storming and she heard loud thunder . PERSON was relieved and went back to sleep .	Thunderstorms are common during the summer in LOCATION . One hot evening I on the phone as the storm grew heavy . I was startled by the loudest bang I had ever heard . My sister told asked what the noise was . Discovered a bolt of lightening struck just outside my window .	PERSON and her family were flying home from vacation in a small plane . It was dark out when the plane flew directly into thunder and wind . The passengers had to hold on tight through the rough movements . PERSON thought for sure that the plane was going to crash . When the plane landed safely everyone clapped and cheered happily .
shelter	PERSON had had a huge fight with his parents . He decided to run away from home . On the streets he realized he had no plans and had to find a shelter . Luckily , they welcomed him in and gave him a meal and a bed . The next day they helped him reunite with his family .	PERSON M worked at an animal shelter . She loved all the cats and dogs there . One day , she got her other friend PERSON to come to the shelter . PERSON loved dogs and cats too and fit in great at the shelter . PERSON took a dog home with her because she loved it so much !	PERSON wanted to adopt a dog . She decided that she wanted to check out her local animal shelter . There were many cute puppies . She fell in love with a five month old lab named PERSON . PERSON decided to adopt PERSON .	May wanted to feel good about herself . She went to a battered women 's ' shelter to volunteer . Every week she spent ten hours there helping out . She would listen and comfort and serve up food . May felt much better about herself due to her work .	PERSON wanted to buy a dog . She thought about going to a pet store . Then she decided to do a good deed by adopting a shelter dog . PERSON went to the shelter and picked out a new dog . She was so glad she had rescued a great dog for her pet !
late for school	I woke PERSON and PERSON up for school this morning . PERSON never actually got out of bed until it was time to leave home . PERSON and I waited in the car for him . When he came out we only had 5 minutes to get to school . PERSON was angry at him because he murdered her late for class .	PERSON was late for school . And it made her very stressed out . There was a large roadblock on a main street . But when she got to school , everyone else was late too . PERSON was happy that nobody got in trouble .	PERSON was on her way to bed . She had a late night . She slept for eight hours . When she woke up it was ten . She was two hours late for school .	PERSON was late for school . She got ready as quickly as she could . And she ran non-stop to school . But when she got there , she noticed the gates were locked . She forgot that it was Veteran 's Day .	School started for little PERSON every day at 7 . One day she slept past her alarm . She ran as quickly as she could to school . She was still late . That was the first time she ever got in trouble at school .
a new friend	There once was a little girl named PERSON . PERSON would often get anxious and stressed . One day , PERSON 's mother bought her a little cat . PERSON really loved that cat . The cat helped her be calmer , and made her a lot happier .	A friend of mine gave me a cat for my birthday . She was fully grown and trained . It took her a little time to learn her new home . She is the best cat I have ever seen . We are each other 's new best friends .	PERSON had a lot of toys . He noticed that PERSON did n't have any toys . PERSON gave PERSON some of his toys . PERSON was happy to have some toys of his own ! PERSON and PERSON are now good friends .	PERSON left his house to go grocery shopping . Before he made it , he saw a stray dog on the sidewalk . He stopped to check for a collar , but there was none . He took the dog home , and named him PERSON . Frank and PERSON are now best friends .	PERSON did n't have many friends in his class . He had just moved earlier in the year . He was reading the book PERSON PERSON at recess . A boy walked up , telling him it was his favorite book . He and the boy ended up becoming friends after that .
recycling	I always try to recycle as much as possible . I separate things and take them to the right bins . Unfortunately the bins provided to us are always full . So I usually just wind up throwing everything in the trash cans . It 's hard to know who to blame in this situation .	PERSON loved the environment and wanted to do something to help . She asked her friends what could be done at her school . She and her friends decided to start a recycling campaign . They set up recycling stations in the school cafeteria . PERSON was so happy to help out by starting the recycling efforts .	PERSON cared about the environment . He always took his own bag grocery shopping . He saved hundreds of plastic bags by himself . It seemed like a small difference . But the numbers show a huge payoff .	PERSON was homeless . He wanted to make some money to eat . He would go around picking up cans and bottles . It was barely enough to keep him from starving . He was indirectly helping clean up .	A neighbor kept parking his car in front of our recycling bins . This prevented the city crew from picking up our recycling . We left a note on the car but the practice continued . One day , in a rage , my wife dumped our recycling bin on this car . This car then stopped parking in front of our recycling bins .
the box	PERSON was cleaning out a closet and found a small box . The box was empty and it was purple . Purple was her favorite color so she asked to keep it . Her mother told her she could have it and use it . She put her favorite keepsakes in it and cherished it always .	The teacher put a wood box in his classroom . During his lesson he stood on the box to lecture . The students stopped taking notes and listened to him on the box . The teacher felt a great sense of power on the box . After he stepped down , he told them the test was on Monday .	A woman came out of the cafe with a box . While walking by , I attempted to hold the door for her . She screamed at me because she thought I was a chauvinist . I backed away warily and went on my way . She dropped the box full of puppies and one of them died .	PERSON came home from school and found a box on the porch . She thought it was strange because she did n't order anything . She thought about the box all night and finally opened it . It was a gift that her parents had ordered for her for Christmas . PERSON immediately regretted her decision to open the box .	PERSON received a birthday present in a big box . She opened the box , but it just had another box . She figured it was a joke and kept opening the box to find more boxes . In the very smallest box , however , was a ring and a wedding proposal . She was so excited that she called her boyfriend and said yes .
girlfriend	PERSON had a crush on PERSON for a long time . PERSON 's mother encouraged her to ask PERSON on a date . PERSON nervously asked PERSON out to dinner . PERSON happily accepted PERSON 's proposal . PERSON and PERSON have been happy together for over a year now .	To PERSON girls were always a mystery . He always tried to make them like him but never could . He bought them flowers and chocolates . Eventually he found a girl who appreciated how sweet he was . The two of them became girlfriend and boyfriend as a result .	PERSON got a new girlfriend . He met her parents . Her parents hated him . PERSON was upset . He ended up getting dumped .	The boy called his girlfriend . His girlfriend would not answer . He went to her house . She had a different boy over . The boy spied on his girlfriend and the boy .	PERSON had waited tables all day and he was exhausted . Then his coworker had an emergency and asked him to stay late ! PERSON was a good friend , and needed cash badly , so he agreed . His last customer of the day ended up leaving him a $ 45 tip . PERSON was so glad he had decided to stay late that day !
affair	A coworker told me someone in the office was having an affair . He was married with two kids in college . I knew the man 's wife , but said nothing . His wife found evidence on Facebook and confronted the husband . He ended the affair and went back to his wife .	PERSON found out her husband had had an affair . She was furious and did n't know what to do . After long deliberation , PERSON realized she could n't forgive him . She packed her bags and left . PERSON filed for divorce and never looked back .	Two of my coworkers in the office had an affair . The man 's wife found out . He stopped the affair and promised to be faithful . His wife made up a FB page in his name . She tried to catch him cheating on Facebook , but he has been good .	One of my ex coworkers had a ten year affair . Her affair was recently exposed . The man left her and went back to his wife . Recently she posted a hotel room photo suggesting otherwise . The photo has people gossiping .	I work for the MBTA , a transit authority . I was on a team with a chief engineer and her staff . A year ago , I heard the engineer had been fired . The MBTA taped her having an affair with her staff on company time . Everyone at the office was shocked .
lollipop	PERSON bought a lollipop from the store . He decided to see how many licks to finish it all . After 1,000 licks , he was tired . His mouth was so sore . He tried to talk but his tongue was numb .	I have a puppy named lollipop . She was so sweet and playful . One day when i 'm out of town they lost lollipop . I 'm so glad there were kind people who help to find her . They found her and i promised it wo n't happen again .	PERSON is in the 4th grade . he already has a business mind he decided to buy some lollipops at a store he then sold them in class he did not make any money	PERSON was licking a lollipop . He lost his grip and it fell onto the sidewalk . PERSON picked it up and kept licking . He winced as he got a mouthful of dirt and grime . He shrugged and kept licking anyway .	I took my son PERSON to the bank with me . I gave the teller a handful of money to deposit in my account . I then grabbed two Lollipop 's and gave one to PERSON . Frank looked at me with a crazy look . PERSON said this candy better be good because it cost a lot .
old friends	PERSON grew up with a friend named PERSON . PERSON loved her friend and they were close . She started to realize they were n't good friends . They started to grow apart . PERSON was okay with that .	PERSON hated to get rid of his encyclopedia set . He took it the Goodwill store down the street . In his car , he silently said goodbye . The salesclerk told him they could n't accept his donation . He happily took them home .	PERSON was in the hospital for three months . She was very lonely until her nurse came in to see her everyday . They would talk for hours as the nurse would administer medicine . Soon , PERSON was released from the hospital . They stayed friends for 20 years after she left .	I ran into an old friend the other day . We realized how long it had been . So , we decided to have lunch . We went for chicken wings . And , we vowed to stay in better touch .	The other day I was at the bar . It was a long day at work and I just wanted to relax . Out of the corner of my eye I saw PERSON , my old friend . I continued to stare forward as he walked past me . It was too long a day for old acquaintances and hollow greetings .
driving test	I went to the DMV today to get my drivers license . They had me take a drivers test . A lady named PERSON monitored my driving test . She talked a lot during my test and it was very distracting . I still drove very well and I passed my test .	PERSON was excited to take her driving test and knew she would pass . She had been practicing her driving for months and felt confident . But her nerves during the test made her forget to stop at a red light . Because of that PERSON did not pass the test . But she knew with more practice she would pass it the second time .	PERSON had been studying for her driving exam for weeks . Finally the big day arrived . Her driving instructor looked intimidating , but she tried to be calm . She passed both the written and practical with flying colors ! PERSON knew the stress was worth it when she held her new license .	PERSON had been learning to drive for 4 months . He booked his test but he did n't feel ready . The test day came and he was more nervous than ever . When he started the test , he nearly pulled out on a car . Despite his nerves , he managed to just pass the test .	PERSON was taking her driving test at the DMV . She was nervous . PERSON backed up too quickly . She hit a parked car . PERSON failed her test .
downtown	PERSON took a trip downtown . After driving for a while , he stopped at a coffee shop . There , he ordered a normal cappuccino . He took a large gulp of the hot beverage . He was surprised at the taste and vowed to visit that shop again .	I went for a walk on LOCATION LOCATION . I could n't get a song about LOCATION out of my head . I walked down to a club and had a drink . I talked to a stranger and listened to the blues . It was a fun night to get out of the house .	There are a lot of bars downtown . My friends and I decided to go to a few last weekend . We started out at one and drank too much . We tried to make it to the second one but it was too late . Instead we got a cab and went home .	PERSON had to choose between two apartments . One was far from his place of work , but was cheaper . One was downtown by his place of work , but more expensive . PERSON selected the downtown apartment . This allowed him to walk to work and save money on transportation .	PERSON was bored . PERSON wanted to go out . PERSON call his friends to go out . PERSON and his friends went out downtown . PERSON had a lot of fun with his friends .
walking home	The mail service near me is three blocks away . I had to run down there for a package . On the way home , I noticed college kids drinking beer . I asked if they were of age , and they became angry . An angry , drunken mob of kids chased me to my door .	PERSON was on his way home from work . He usually had a ride but this time he had to walk home . He was nervous since it was past midnight . He called me to keep his mind off of things . Eventually he made it home and everything was fine !	PERSON and PERSON were friends who went to the same school . They decided to walk home with each other . They walked together every day and talked to each other . It really strengthened their friendship . They 're grateful they decided to walk together .	I walked home from school three times . It was a six mile walk . I had activities after school and could not ride the bus . My mom forgot about me and did n't check on me . She probably was n't even home .	PERSON 's school was a block away , so her Mom let her walk home . One day , someone told her Mom a flasher was targeting kids . He drove up in his car and flashed them . PERSON did n't know what a flasher was . All she knew was after that , she was n't allowed to walk home alone .
fudge	My Dad was hard to buy gifts for . He had most of what he wanted and was a bit picky . It was his birthday and I needed a gift . I decided to buy him some fudge . I knew he liked it when he hid it so no one else could have any !	I decided to make homemade hot fudge and caramel . I put the chocolate in a tub when it was done . I put a container of cream in the crockpot . When I took it out , it was caramel . The kids were shocked that it was so simple to make .	While on a trip we saw how fudge was made . They put all the ingredients in a kettle . Then heated it all up . Then poured it on a big slab . It was some of the best fudge ever .	PERSON and her sisters entered their town 's annual baking contest . Each sister was going to make their family 's famous chocolate fudge . But PERSON had a trick that would set her fudge above the rest . She added chopped walnuts to the mix to add crunch and flavor ! PERSON 's add-in pleased the judges so much , she won first prize !	My mom made a this fudge for Christmas . She put some on the platter and left it in the basement . She then locked the dog down there because it was begging . When she went to get the fudge and it was gone . The dog ate the whole platter of it .
mushrooms	PERSON wanted to make steak and mushrooms for dinner . When she took out the mushrooms , she saw that they 'd grown slimy . She was dubious , but decided to use them anyway . When they were cooked , they tasted just fine . PERSON was glad she had n't had to throw them away .	PERSON found mushrooms growing in his yard . He picked the mushrooms . His mother saw him and yelled at him to throw them away . PERSON had picked poison mushrooms ! Tim learned never to touch mysterious fungus again .	Kia had always had a distaste for mushrooms . But then one day she ordered pasta at a restaurant . The sauce was wonderful , and she asked what was in it . To her surprise , the waiter said it was mostly mushrooms ! Kia decided to give mushrooms another chance !	PERSON 's science project was about mushrooms . She had to grow a colony of them in her basement . She thought it 'd be hard , but the fungus grew easily . Soon she had plenty of mushrooms for her project . PERSON got a grade of A + !	PERSON wanted to make pasta with fresh mushrooms . He recalled that there were mushrooms growing in his yard . He went outside and picked a few large ones . Then he added them to his pasta . But PERSON got sick because his mushrooms were poisonous !
soccer match	PERSON had a soccer match . His team consisted of his friends . The opponent was from another school . After a hard game , PERSON 's team lost . However , they were happy they had fun .	PERSON was running with the soccer ball . She was moving fast since she had a few seconds to store . Drew tried to steal the ball but he ended up slipping on the grass . She had an open room to kick the ball and kicked it . The goalie missed the catch and the ball ended up in the goal .	I invited my friend over to join my team as a substitute . He agreed and I went to the coach to ask if he could join . He said if it 's fine for the referee , it 's fine to him . After asking the referee , he said it was within limits . He obliterated the competition and we managed to win by 4 goals !	PERSON had an important soccer match . He would be starting for his team . When he got to the field he was feeling energetic . He scored an early goal for his team . He won the game with a last minute goal .	PERSON joined an intramural co-ed indoor soccer league . He did n't know anyone on his team at the start of the season . They all got to talk and run and get to know each other . PERSON became close with many people on the team . PERSON 's team did n't win often , but was often the happiest team .
the date	PERSON arranged to date a girl he met on the internet at the movies . He arrived early and waited for her in the lobby . A man approached him and asked if he was PERSON . The man confessed to misleading PERSON into thinking he was a girl . Darn thought he was cute anyway so he went with the date .	PERSON was enjoying her date as she sat at dinner . Suddenly , her date grabbed her hands and looked into her eyes . PERSON was stunned but patiently looked back into her date 's eyes . Then the restaurant 's crew of waiters brought over a covered plate . PERSON cried as her date uncovered the ring and proposed to her .	Brendon and PERSON went on a date . They went to a steak restaurant . The service was very poor . The waiter ignored them . The date did not go well .	PERSON had a hot date . It was with a guy she met online . When she arrived at the restaurant , she did n't see him . It turned out he had lied about his appearance . He was much older and bald !	PERSON and jess went out on a date . They had a really fun time . PERSON laughed a lot at PERSON 's jokes . PERSON asked if they could go on another date . PERSON said yes .
voting	PERSON wanted to vote . He went to go wait in line . He waited a long time . Finally it was his turn . They unfortunately sent him home because he was not registered .	PERSON tried to convince his neighbor not to vote for PERSON PERSON . PERSON 's neighbor got very upset at his suggestion . PERSON tried to calm his neighbor 's attitude . PERSON finally gave up and went inside his house to hide . PERSON never did convince his neighbor to change his vote .	I registered to vote the other day . It was n't as hard as I thought . I basically just signed up with basic info . Now I can vote for whoever I want . And I intend to do so with complete impunity .	PERSON wanted to vote in the election . Unfortunately PERSON knew nothing about politics . PERSON decided to read online about the candidates . She learned about their stances on all of the issues . She made an informed decision at the voting booth .	On a primary election day , my 99 year old neighbor sat in the lobby . He wanted to know if anyone could drive him to vote . I did not have access to a car . The concierge asked my sister in law to drive the man . She was reluctant , but she drove him to the polls .
leak	I walked into the room . Something seemed not right . I looked up and said the ceiling sagging . I realized there was a leak . I called someone to fix it right away .	PERSON had a fish tank . One day be noticed that water was missing from it.q He investigated further . He saw that the tank was leaking slightly ! He had to patch it up with silicone sealant .	Stormy 's sippy cup began to leak . She found out when she laid it on top of her parents ' bed . When she went to pick it up , everything was wet . It had leaked water everywhere , soaking the mattress . She had to clean it all up with a towel .	PERSON was rowing in a canoe with his friend PERSON . The sun was shining and the water was calm . It seemed like the perfect day for a canoe ride . Suddenly , PERSON noticed his shoes were wet . The canoe had sprung a leak .	PERSON woke up and walked into his kitchen to make coffee . He was shocked to discover the floor was covered in water . He looked under the sink to find a leaky pipe was the cause . He grabbed his tools and set to work fixing the pipe . After cleaning the floor , PERSON was able to get back to his morning .
mirror	Frank accidentally broke the mirror in his room . So he needed to get a replacement . So Frank drove to the store to get a new one . Frank found a very nice one for cheap . Frank got it and took it home .	PERSON looked at the mirror . She saw it was cracked . She went to talk to her husband . His hand was bloody . She knew he could n't control his anger .	PERSON looked in the mirror all the time . She always wanted to make sure she looked her best . PERSON was very self conscious . She always had a mirror within arms reach . She eventually made her own mirrors because they meant so much to her .	PERSON lived alone in an apartment . He noticed his mirror was dirty . He was too lazy to clean it . Eventually he became fed up with the sub-par apartment . He cleaned the entire apartment and became happy with his apartment .	PERSON was brushing her teeth when she saw a mosquito in the bathroom . She panicked and threw a brush at it . Unfortunately , the brush missed and shattered the mirror . Glass shards fell to the ground . PERSON grimaced , knowing that breaking a mirror was bad luck .
PERSON gets a haircut	PERSON has long hair . He wants to get it cut . He heads down to the barber . He has his hair cut . PERSON loves his new hair .	PERSON has always loved the way her hair looks when it is long . However , one day she decides she needs a haircut . She goes to the hair dresser and has her hair cut very short . PERSON decides that short hair looks very good on her . She is very proud that she took the risk to cut her hair short .	PERSON hates to cut his hair . His hair is so long he ca n't see . PERSON wrecked his bike because he could n't see . He decided he had to get his hair cut . He walked up town to the barber .	PERSON is really unhappy with her hair . Her friends all criticize her it looks bad . She decides to do something about it . She heads to the salon to get a haircut . She shows off her new hair to hair friends and impresses them .	PERSON notices that his hair has become unruly and long . Although he likes his long hair , he is afraid his boss does not . He decides to get his hair cut . After the haircut , PERSON feels a little diminished . However , his boss compliments him on his neat new look .
the hacker	PERSON has her checks direct deposited . She tried using her check card only to find it had been blocked . She called the bank . She was told her card had been hacked . PERSON had to order a new card .	PERSON had a computer problem . A hacker broke into his laptop and stole his information . PERSON called the police but they would n't help . He decided he would just have to get a new computer . He threw his old one into the garbage can .	PERSON studied the presentation . From here , he 'd learn how to hack websites and applications . Over time , he took joy in learning the code itself . Later , he became highly skilled and sought after . Ultimately , the job that resulted from the research was his easiest .	PERSON had a master 's degree in computer science . He started a business building websites for businesses . But they also offered a hacking service . PERSON 's small business let you monitor cell phones and computers . Someone called PERSON 's office and threatened to expose him .	PERSON had been hacking for years . PERSON was afraid of being caught by the police . PERSON decided to hack some more anyways . There was a knock at his door . It was the police wanted to speak with him !
the race	John and PERSON were were competing in a race at the end of the summer . PERSON hurt his ankle and could n't train for three weeks . PERSON thought he could take time off his training and still beat PERSON . PERSON healed completely and restarted training . PERSON won the race to the surprise of everyone .	PERSON wanted to race PERSON ! They both met up in the park ! They ran as fast as the could ! They both tied ! They laughed knowing that they were both great runners !	PERSON was focused . It was his first cross country race . PERSON wanted to do well for the team and for himself . The race started and he was off . He ran really well that day and won .	I stopped at the red light and heard a car revving its engine . The driver to my right was challenging me to a race ! When the light went green we were out of the gate . It was a close race until the other drive rear-ended a parked car . Really my grandmother should have known not to race me like that .	PERSON was the fastest runner on the team . His team made it to the state finals . PERSON decided to get extra practice to prepare for the state finals . He ran an extra hour everyday . Thanks to his practice PERSON got 1st place in the state finals .
in trouble	PERSON wanted to spray paint her bike . She put newspaper on the garage floor before she began . When she was done , she cleaned up the newspaper . There was paint on the floor where the newspaper had moved . PERSON knew she was in a lot of trouble .	In seventh grade I got in trouble in school for the first time . A girl asked me to write bad words on her arm and I did . Known as a good kid , the principal was surprised as well as friends . I had a lot of shame for many weeks . By the time high school started I was finally over it .	I was throwing a football with my son in the driveway . I missed one of his throws . The ball broke a garage-door window . My wife came storming angrily out of the house . I started to cry .	When my daughter was in 3rd grade , her school called us up to come in . A angry principal told us our daughter paper toweled the girls room . The principal had to get on a ladder to removed the paper towels . I was so embarrassed as she told us the story . My husband , burst out laughing .	Our friends got together in recess . Since PERSON was bored , he decided to grab PERSON . He was trying to spin her around horizontally . The teacher found out and walked to them . He gave Drew detention for two days .
awkward	PERSON had been going to a counselor for a few months for anxiety . She had already told this counselor a lot of embarrassing information . PERSON was at the mall with her friend when they ran into the counselor . The counselor smiled and said hello . PERSON pretended she did n't know him and walked quickly away .	I was driving into the McDonald 's beside school . I saw my friend walking with a guy . I was slightly jealous . I drove back to the dorms . I wonder if she saw me .	PERSON was late to class on the first day of 9th grade . She walked in as the faces of strangers stared at her . She put on a brave face , and picked up the pace . She found an empty desk and sat down . Thankfully it was in the rear of the class where no one could stare .	I have really bad social anxiety . I did n't realize how bad until today . I saw someone and I averted eye contact with them in the store . I saw them in the same place on the next aisle . Then I realized it was a cardboard cutout of a person .	PERSON arrived on campus for her first class . As she was walking , she noticed a kid walking near her . He was staring at her . After a few seconds , he continued to stare at her . She became scared and ran away .
new teacher	PERSON just got a new job as a high school teacher . She was driving to her first day and was nervous . She taught her first class and all the students loved her . This gave her the confidence she needed to get through the day . She did a nice job teaching the rest of her classes .	PERSON looked at her schedule . One of her teachers was TBD . She was rather inquisitive about it . So she walked into the door . PERSON saw a her old teacher actually come back .	PERSON graduated college with a teaching degree . She applied for jobs at many schools near her home . PERSON attended a few interviews at the schools she applied to . One of the schools called and offered her a teaching position . PERSON accepted and began planning her first year as a new teacher .	LOCATION was brand-new to teaching . She was so frustrated after her first day . Her class was very unruly . One day , she decided to sugar the kids up to get them to act better . She gave them daily chocolates , and their behavior improved .	The English class at LOCATION high was anticipating a new teacher . The students had no idea who it would be . Immediately a sweet looking woman came into the room . She announced herself to the class . The classroom was pleased to meet her .
board games	PERSON invited friends over to play board games . They had drinks and played Monopoly mostly . Everyone had a good time . Eventually there was no winner and it got late . They called it a draw and went home .	PERSON enjoyed playing monopoly and various board games . He would invite his friends to come over every Friday . They would have some drinks and food while playing . One of PERSON 's friends said he wanted to play video games . PERSON told his friend that he only likes playing board games .	PERSON was playing board games with his family . He was mad because he was losing . He ran to his room crying . His mother went to comfort him . PERSON realized that having a good family made him a winner .	My friends and I decided to play Monopoly . It was a close game . We got into a few minor arguments . Eventually I won Unfortunately nobody else agreed .	PERSON loves to play board games . All PERSON 's friends hate playing board games . PERSON invited all his friends over for a party on Saturday . None of them showed up because they knew they 'd be playing games . PERSON was really sad about that .
the van	The family needed a new car . They had six kids and needed a van that would fit them all . They found one that had TVs in the seats . The kids were so excited to ride in it ! The family loved their new van .	PERSON was shopping for a new vehicle . He picked out a van . His friends made fun of him but he did n't care . He loved all the space he had ! He drove his van around proudly .	PERSON needed a new car . She decided a van might be practical . She drove one around the lot to test it out . It felt dorky . PERSON decided she would get an SUV instead .	PERSON got a job . He had to drive a delivery van . One day , he had to drive it for five hours . He got very tired and crashed the car . He was fired for incompetence .	The woman was shopping for a new car . She settled on a minivan . She thought she needed a lot of room for her kids . When she pulled up in her new car , they were very embarrassed . They thought minivans were dorky !
the puppy	Little PERSON wanted a puppy all of her young life . She begged her parents for one on a daily basis . PERSON 's brother was allergic , so they could n't get one . However , one day , he went off to college . PERSON 's parents finally got her the puppy she always wanted !	PERSON bought a cute new pet . It was a puppy ! She bought it a collar and bowl and toys . She loved going home every night to snuggle with it . PERSON loved her puppy more than anything !	Grace got a bad illness . Grace went to the hospital . Her parents wanted to do something nice for her . They rented a puppy that she could play with . PERSON became very happy .	PERSON brought his puppy to school to show the girls in his class . The girls thought it was so cute , and thought PERSON was cute too . PERSON used his puppy to flirt with a girl named PERSON . After school , PERSON and PERSON kissed behind the bleachers . The puppy broke away from its leash and ran away .	PERSON has always wanted a puppy and asked her parents many times . PERSON came home from school one day and her mom was happy . Her mom told her that she had a surprise for her . Her mom walked into her bedroom and came back out with a box . Inside the box was a small , black puppy .
sewing	PERSON wanted to embroider some tea towels for her sister . But PERSON did n't know how to sew . PERSON watched some online tutorials about sewing . PERSON practiced what she learned on the tutorials . She embroidered a set of four beautiful towels for her sister .	I was at school running to get to class . Suddenly , my jeans ripped . I did not have money for new jeans . When I got home , I decided to simply sew the hole in my jeans . The jeans held together better than ever before .	PERSON wanted to learn how to sew . She asked for a sewing machine for Christmas . She could not figure out how to thread the needle . She finally enrolled in sewing classes . Now PERSON can make a full wardrobe .	My grandmother taught me to sew when I was a young girl . I really enjoy doing it . My grandmother has since passed away . I continue to create new sewing projects 3 times a month . This reminds me of my grandmother .	PERSON wanted a new dress for her Christmas party . But she could n't afford to buy one . So she got some fabric and began sewing . Soon she had a beautiful handmade dress . All PERSON 's friends loved and complimented her new dress !
the pudding	The girl made her favorite kind of dessert . It was pudding that was made on the stove . She ate the entire box of it by herself . She licked the spoon and the bowl . She was full !	PERSON loved chocolate . She made a chocolate pudding on the stove . She poured it into bowls then put it in the fridge . After dinner , she ate one bowl . It was the best pudding she 'd made !	PERSON loved to make pudding . He liked the kind that was made on the stove . He liked to heat the milk and mix the pudding into it . When it had cooled , he would eat the whole pan . PERSON made the delicious treat every night .	PERSON was hard at work in the kitchen . He made a big batch of pudding . He would eat it with a big spoon . He ate the whole batch in one sitting . PERSON felt sick and never made pudding again !	My mom made lemon pudding for dessert . I was n't allowed to have any until my brother got home . I stared at the pudding longingly . I could n't take the waiting anymore . Suddenly , my brother came through the door and we all enjoyed pudding .
coffee shop	PERSON wanted some coffee . He walked to a local coffee shop and ordered a drink . The drink he was given was n't coffee . PERSON got mad and yelled . PERSON got a free coffee .	PERSON worked at a coffee shop . A customer complained to PERSON that his drink was too cold . PERSON offered to make a new drink for the customer The customer liked this idea . PERSON 's manager thanked him for handling the situation well .	PERSON walked into the coffee shop with a frown . She demanded a large coffee from the barista and snapped her fingers . After a minute , she asked the barista what was taking so long . When her coffee was ready , she grabbed it and rushed out the door . The coffee patrons grumbled with disapproval .	PERSON met PERSON at the coffee shop . She did n't drink coffee but she liked the fruity dessert drinks . They discussed the fight PERSON was having with PERSON . PERSON agreed to keep PERSON out of the fight . The girls were best friends again .	There was this amazing coffee shop by my house . I used to go there every morning before work . They always had the best prices and the strongest coffee beans . They closed down last week , I was told they went out of business . Now I have to find somewhere else to get my coffee .
the snow	I woke up today and it was snowing . I was supposed to run errands , but with the snow it was n't possible . I had to get creative with what we already had in the cupboards . I decided to make soup using carrots , chicken broth , and noodles . It turned out really great .	PERSON was playing in the snow . He made a big snowball . He threw it at PERSON . PERSON began to cry . PERSON apologized and played nice for the rest of the day .	Snow fell on my sidewalk overnight . I had to wake up early to shovel it all . My neighbor saw me and walked over . He told me that it would be nice if I did his sidewalk too . I laughed in his face and went back to shoveling .	It was January and it had been snowing for days . The snow was so deep it was hard to park . PERSON 's car got stuck in the street blocking traffic . She and her brother shoveled the snow behind the car and in the street . It took 30 minutes to move enough snow to park the car .	PERSON watched the snow fall when he came home from school . He finished dinner and kept his eye on the snowfall . PERSON made sure he watched the news with his parents that evening . The news informed PERSON that it would snow all night . School was cancelled and PERSON jumped for joy .
shopping	PERSON needed to go food shopping . He had his shopping list ready to go . When he got to the store it was closed . PERSON decided he would do his shopping another day . He made dinner from some stuff he had in the pantry .	PERSON went shopping . An item on his list was not at the store . He went to another store . He found the item . PERSON went home with all the groceries .	PERSON and PERSON were at the mall . And PERSON wanted to go shopping . PERSON said she would only buy a few dresses . So PERSON said he would wait for her . Two hours passed before PERSON decided to leave .	PERSON took PERSON shopping for school clothes . PERSON tried on 20 pairs of jeans . The two she liked were too long . PERSON hemmed the pants at home . Now the pants fit perfectly .	Karen never liked to go shopping alone . She wanted her boyfriend to go with her but he would n't go . He was mean about it and PERSON would end up going alone . Karen would put the shopping off as long as possible . Her boyfriend would make her go and she was n't happy about it .
missed flight	PERSON had to travel to NYC . She ran to get her flight . Unfortunately she missed her flight . PERSON was mad . She had to get another flight .	PERSON woke up early to make his flight . He was pleased because he usually oversleeps . He got everything ready and took a taxi to the airport . When he arrived he was feeling great about his upcoming trip . But when he got to the counter he found he had the wrong flight time .	Yesterday I had a flight to LOCATION LOCATION . I made sure I went to the airport on time . However to my surprise I missed my flight . Security took too long . Luckily I was able to get a new flight .	PERSON had a business trip in a city two states away . He was going to fly there . He set his alarm so he would not oversleep . However , his phone 's battery ran out and the alarm could not wake him . He overslept and missed his flight .	PERSON was on his way to a long anticipated vacation to LOCATION . He got up early and gave himself plenty of time to get to the airport . As soon as he got on the highway he hit a major traffic jam . By the time he got to the airport he already missed his flight . He had to reschedule his flight for later in the day .
noise	We were sitting at home tonight . It was quiet . My wife heard a buzzing sound . I went and sat near where she heard the sound . We heard nothing .	A man started to play the trombone on a street corner . He could be heard all over town . A police officer was called to stop him . He told the musician to go play somewhere else . The trombone player ignore him and played an encore .	I heard a strange noise outside my window . I remember hearing that same noise a year ago . I went outside to investigate . There were two deer in my yard , mating . They were the ones who were making that noise .	I went to LOCATION . There was so much noise in the city . The noise began to give me a headache . I decided to buy earplugs . Thus , my headache went away .	My neighbor likes to play his music too loudly . I went over to his apartment and knocked on his door . When he opened the door , I told him to turn his music down . Because his music was so loud , he could n't hear what I was saying . I had to write it down on a piece of paper and show it to him .
takeout	PERSON wanted Chinese food for dinner . She called her favorite place and ordered takeout . They delivered it to her house in fifteen minutes . She opened the cartons and smelled how delicious it was . She dug into her Chinese food with relish !	I was hungry . I looked in the refrigerator . There was some cold pizza in a box . I looked at the pizza and it was moldy and it smelled funny . I called my favorite takeout restaurant .	Our 2 year old granddaughter and her parents are coming from LOCATION . We live in LOCATION . My wife has been cleaning all day -LRB- I am disabled -RRB- . I suggested we have food delivered . She gladly agreed .	Last Tuesday we tried to order takeout food . We decided on Chinese food . Both of our restaurants ' phones were not working . Frustrated , we ordered pizza . Later we learned Comcast had an outage and many phone lines were down .	I am disabled and have trouble walking . I called a restaurant for delivery last week . The driver called from the lobby and asked me to come down . I told him to deliver the food to the door as I am disabled . I gave the restaurant a bad review .
snoring	PERSON has a dog . Her dog snores . The snoring sounds like a human . It shakes the bed . It rattles the room .	She snored loudly , much to her embarrassment . He often woke her up to tell her . Annoyed , she would grumble and roll over . She hated being woken up . Eventually she would stop snoring .	PERSON snored in his sleep . His wife could n't sleep because of his snoring . PERSON decided to ask his doctor for suggestions . His doctor gave him some medication . PERSON stopped snoring but unfortunately became very gassy in bed .	The dog was asleep in bed . She started snoring . Her owner kicked her off . The dog cried . The dog went downstairs .	A new roommate moved into my apartment . He was one of the nicest people I have ever met . Unfortunately , he snored so loudly that I could not sleep . I finally confronted him about his snoring . He was so nice that he bought me earplugs to wear at night .
stranded	PERSON and his family are on a private plane to an island . While on the plane the family notices the plane shaking . Everyone grabbed on to something the plane was going down . The plane crashed into the ocean and everyone was okay . Their only problem now is they were stuck on an island .	Our son in law 's mom PERSON got a new job . She had to get to a commuter rail station . She let her daughter PERSON drive her there and pick her up . On the second day , PERSON said she could not pick her mom up . PERSON took a cab home , and was angry at her daughter .	I was driving to my parents ' house , which is located on a farm . I was distracted when I got in my car , and did n't check my gas levels . Halfway to my parents ' house , my car ran out of gas . I pulled out my cell phone , but was getting no reception . I had to wait an hour before somebody drove by and rescued me .	PERSON was alone on the highway with a flat tire . She tried to attract the attention of drivers , but no one stopped . She stayed there till night fall until she remembered something . She barely had bought a cell phone . She used it to call for support right away .	PERSON was driving home . Her car got a flat tire . She thought she was stuck . Someone pulled over to change her tire . She was happy for the help .
the city	PERSON wanted to get out of the country . He moved to the city . He found the city scary and loud . He found it hard to sleep at night from the noise . PERSON finally came to his senses and moved back to the country .	PERSON went to the city with friends . They were planning on going out to the club . They bought new outfits earlier in the day . They were planning on dancing all night . It was an exciting night .	The family was going to LOCATION LOCATION . They had never been to such a big city ! They planned all the different sites they would see . They packed their bags and headed to the airport . They were so excited to see the city !	PERSON got on the train . She was headed into the city ! She went to museums and did some shopping . She loved the hustle and bustle . She was sad to go back home .	PERSON wished he lived in the country . He grew up in the large city so he was ready for a change . PERSON moved to the country and loved it at first . After awhile he began to hate the silence so he moved back to the city . PERSON discovered that he was unhappy with himself and not his location .
sibling rivalry	PERSON was always beaten by his brother at chess . He decided to enlist the help of a local chess champion . PERSON studied very hard . He challenged his brother to a match . He finally came out victorious .	PERSON swiped left and his opponent swiped right . They both hit each other squarely on the jaw . Both of them tumbled to the ground . They fumbled around for each other . Their mother then stepped in and called off the fight .	PERSON wanted to watch a movie on the DVD player . Her brother PERSON wanted to watch a baseball game . They fought roughly for control of the TV remote . Their grappling caused them to accidentally knock over the television . Neither of them got what they wanted , since that TV was now broken .	PERSON was always mean to his sister . One day , he pulled her hair and pushed her over . Instead of crying , she took one of his action figures and broke it . PERSON was so shocked , he started to cry . PERSON 's mother told him that that is why we should not be mean .	PERSON and his brother PERSON have always been competitive . Recently there was a marathon occurring in LOCATION . PERSON and PERSON decided to see who could get the better time . However , during the marathon , PERSON fell and could not finish the race . PERSON decided to help his brother instead of finishing the race .
valentine 's day	Frank got a Valentine 's date for tonight . He decided to take her to his brothers restaurant . His brother owned a nice five star restaurant . He picked her up at night and they drove to his brothers restaurant . They eat a good meal and had a good time .	PERSON needed to get his girl a gift for Valentine 's Day . He was really bad at buying gifts . She liked baseball , so he got her a mit . He nervously gave it to her . His girl loved it and gave him a kiss !	PERSON wanted to give his girlfriend the best Valentine 's Day gift ever . He bought a box of chocolates along with a dozen red roses . PERSON took her out for dinner and presented her with the gifts . She was very happy , but surprised when PERSON got down on one knee . PERSON asked her to marry him , and it truly was the best gift ever .	PERSON always failed to out do her husband on Valentine 's day . This year , she swore things were going to be different . She surprised her husband with tickets to the knicks game . Then she took him to his favorite restaurant . Later that night he thanked her for a great time , she was pleased .	Valentine 's Day is one of the most romantic days of the year . Everyone goes all out to make it special for their loves . I made sure to make it extra special and have a big plan . I bought rose petals to put everywhere , and her favorite champagne . When she arrived home she was so surprised and thought it was great .
diary	PERSON liked to keep a diary . One day , his friend found out . His friend told the other kids at school . The kids laughed at PERSON for having a diary . PERSON did n't care and continued to use his diary .	PERSON rushed home after an eventful day of school . There was plenty of gossip and drama buzzing in her mind . She always wrote about such days in her diary . When she got into her room , she looked under her mattress . The diary was missing .	PERSON wrote in his diary every single day . One day he could not find his diary and looked everywhere . PERSON even went back to school to find his diary . PERSON could not sleep and he tried to remember where it was . The next day , he found it in the lost and found at school .	PERSON wanted a way to keep up with her daily thoughts . She browsed a nearby store . She came across lots of good ideas . She stopped when she came to an aisle that had diaries . Smiling , she picked up the perfect pink diary .	PERSON decided to keep a diary . She wrote in it every day after school . At first her entries were stilted and brief . But gradually , she started to write longer and more detailed entries . Soon PERSON had come to think of her diary as her best friend !
the shower	PERSON 's friends threw her a bridal shower . They decorated the room with cute decorations . They played silly games . The guests all brought gifts . It was a great time celebrating the future bride !	PERSON was hosting a baby shower at her home . She mailed out cards to the guests . PERSON planned party games to play . She decorated her home for the party . PERSON went to the store to pick up a cake .	PERSON had been hiking all day . She went home to take a shower . She could n't wait to get all the dirt off of her . She turned the knob but nothing happened . The water had been shut off !	PERSON just had new baby . It did n't really go to sleep . She did n't know if she could take a shower . It went to sleep later . She had time to take a shower .	PERSON was working hard in his bathroom . He was removing his shower and tiling it . He 'd selected a tiny mosaic tile . It was going to take a lot of work but it would be worth it . PERSON could n't wait to see the final product !
the coffee	PERSON was yawning . She needed something as a pick me up ! She went to Starbucks and got a cup of coffee . Soon , she was alert and awake . The coffee had done the trick !	PERSON woke up and began to make his coffee . He had n't realized , but he accidently poured in salt instead of sugar . PERSON did n't take a sip until he was on his way to work . He threw the coffee out of the window . PERSON stopped and got another cup of coffee on the way to work .	The couple ate at a restaurant in LOCATION LOCATION . They had the most amazing coffee ! WHen they returned , they kept talking about how delicious it had been . They tried to buy it online , but could n't find it . They decided to plan another trip just to get more !	PERSON was making some coffee before work . He put in the milk and sugar . Then he took a sip . PERSON was disgusted at the rancid taste . He discovered the milk had gone so bad that it was pouring out chunks .	PERSON was very sleepy . She made a cup of coffee . She gulped it down quickly . She was feeling a bit more energetic . She made another cup , just to be safe .
long distance	PERSON had a boyfriend she met online . They had a long distance relationship for over a year . They finally were able to move in together . It was much worse in person . PERSON was dumped shortly after .	PERSON had to travel a very long distance to visit her parents . This was do to her living away from home attending college . She enjoyed her visits home but not the long commute . She decided to attend college closer home to stop end the commuting . Now PERSON can visit her parents every day .	PERSON had never done a long distance race . He thought it would be good for his cardio . He practiced and trained for a bit . The day of the race PERSON did surprisingly well . It encouraged him to keep trying .	PERSON and PERSON had a long distance relationship . They talked on the phone every night . Eventually they ran out of things to say . They would just cover what they did each day and then hang up . They started skipping days in order to save up things to talk about .	PERSON and jamie were in a long distance relationship . They keep trying to make it work . After some time , PERSON cheated on PERSON . PERSON never found out until PERSON confessed . PERSON dumped her .
diamond	PERSON was farming his field . He found a hole in his field . He got a shovel and started digging . He found a small metal box . He opened it and inside found a very large diamond .	PERSON set out searching a diamond mine for treasure . He searched all day and did n't find a single gem . As he was leaving , he saw a woman standing in the sunlight . They fell in love immediately ; she was perfect for him . Until this day , he says that the best treasure is love .	PERSON was planning to propose to PERSON . He had already bought a diamond engagement ring . Eager to propose , he showed her the ring . Surprisingly , PERSON opposed blood diamonds . PERSON was chagrined and put the diamond ring away .	PERSON could n't find her diamond ring anywhere . She 'd been wearing it last night , she was sure . PERSON mentally retraced her steps . The drinking and the best they 'd made suddenly came back to her . PERSON 's stomach flip flopped as she remembered where her ring was .	PERSON found a ring on the ground . She took it to a jeweler to sell it . But what she thought was a real diamond turned out to be fake . The jeweler only offered her ten dollars for it . PERSON was disappointed .
phone charger	I forgot my phone charger at home when I went to school . I had to walk to the store to get a new charger . It did n't cost too much , so I was pleased . I took it back to school and was able to charge my phone . Everything turned out okay .	PERSON lost her phone charger . She could n't find it anywhere . She looked throughout her house and her car . Finally , she found the cat behind the couch with the charger . She had dragged it there by the cord !	PERSON brought his phone to work everyday . His phone would always run out of battery before his shift ended . He would be bored at the end of his shift . He decided to bring his charger to work with him . He was never bored at the end of a shift , again .	I kept a phone charger for a long time . The casing fell off . You could see all of the wires . I got my money 's worth and then some . It was hard to throw it away .	I lost my phone charger . I looked all over the house for it . When I could n't find it , I asked my brother for help . He found it right away ! I was embarrassed , but relieved .
fireflies	PERSON and PERSON were on a romantic picnic in the country . When it grew dark , they folded their picnic blanket and put it away . Then they saw that fireflies were beginning to appear all around them ! They strolled along the dark country lane , surrounded by the lights . It was one of the most beautiful sights of their lives !	PERSON was fascinated by insects . Her favorite insect was the firefly . It was her grandpa that first taught her about them . One evening they spent hours catching fireflies . It was one of her fondest memories .	PERSON was driving in the country one night . She saw strange lights and pulled over to investigate . She turned her headlights off . Then she gasped at what she saw . The night air was filled with thousands of beautiful fireflies !	PERSON was told that there would be fireflies by the lake . PERSON had never seen fireflies herself . She bundled up for the cool night air . She went to the lake , but only saw one firefly light one time . It was a lovely experience , but overall underwhelming for her .	PERSON was camping in the wilderness . He had forgotten his flashlight at home . PERSON captured a bunch of fireflies in a jar . He used them as light inside his tent . PERSON was able to read from the light of the fireflies .
my cat	I have a cat . She does weird things . She chases absolutely nothing . She eats rocks . I 've decided my cat is crazy .	One day my cat climbed up a tree . He was stuck and could not get down . My friend came over with a ladder . I had to climb up the ladder and rescue my cat . My cat does not climb trees anymore .	My cat loves to play fetch . I played fetch with her today . I threw her toy mouse . She chased her toy mouse . She brought her toy mouse back .	My cat is so funny . She will go outside during the day . She will be nowhere to be seen all day . At night , she is crying to get inside . She jumps on the screen to tell us when she is ready .	My cat has been acting funny lately . She has been meowing very loudly . She keeps hiding places . We found her under the bed today . She had a litter of kittens .
bills	PERSON was generating bills for the association members . He only had two to do for the month . When he put them in envelopes he accidentally swapped them . He sent the wrong invoices to the wrong addresses . The two members both made fun of PERSON and paid anyway .	PERSON forgot to pay his phone bill . An important client attempted to contact PERSON . The call went directly to voicemail . The client took his business elsewhere . PERSON lost a good deal because he did n't pay his bill .	PERSON and his wife had money problems . Oscar got issued a summons to have his wages garnished . This was a huge hardship . They finally talked to an advisor . They were able to get everything on the right track .	PERSON got a shutoff notice in the mail . It said that he had ignored three warning letters ! Now his electric was going to be disconnected . PERSON hurried to pay his electric bill right then and there . He vowed not to be so forgetful in the future .	I get stressed each month when I am paying my bills . I decided to come up with a plan to stay more organized . I researched on the internet for ideas . I found the PERSON PERSON plan . Now my bills are organized and paid on time each month .
new hobby	My grandma loves sewing . She knows every stitch there is to know . I wanted her to exercise here knowledge a bit more . I decided to get her a book and video on cross stitching . For the last 2 weeks she has done nothing but that .	PERSON decided he wanted to do something new . He decided to get a new hobby and bought a metal detector . The first couple of of days he did not find anything . One day went he went to the beach and his detector went crazy . When dug into the ground he found a gold ring !	PERSON and her nephew were playing a zombie video game . At first PERSON only played so her nephew had some company . But after awhile she was enjoying the game herself . PERSON her nephew ended up spending hours playing the game . By the end of the day PERSON was hooked on the video game .	PERSON loved to sing karaoke . Unfortunately , he could n't carry a tune in a bucket . His friends encouraged him to find another hobby . He learned he was an amazing kite flyer . He was thrilled to find another fun hobby .	I was having problems sleeping and I had an Idea . I was going to start a boring hobby to help me fall asleep . I decided to crochet blankets as my new hobby . I loved this hobby and it helped me sleep in a way I did not expect . The blankets were so soft that they put me right to bed .
day at the beach	Me and my friend went to the beach last Friday . We wanted to get some pizza before we went swimming . We ordered some nice double cheese pizza and ate while chatting . We then put on our bathing suits and went for a swim . After swimming all day , we finally headed back home .	When my daughter PERSON was little she loved going to the beach . Her favorite thing to do at the beach was play with hermit crabs . One day she found three hermit crabs . She made a track for them and encouraged a hermit crab race . The race did not go as well as she planned but she had fun anyway .	PERSON needed a relaxing day after a hard work week . She went to the local beach near her house . The sun was shining and the weather was great . PERSON laid out on the beach for hours and read a book . She had a wonderful and relaxing day .	I took the kids to the beach this summer . My youngest had never been there before . The kids splashed around in the water for hours . They built sandcastles and buried each other in sand . They had a blast and were tuckered out by the time we went home .	I decided to go to the beach today . I wanted to get some sun . I packed my sunscreen , bathing suit , and towel . I got into my car and drove to the beach . After staying for 2 hours , I drove home .
waitress	PERSON took an after school job as a waitress . She served food and cleaned tables . Her customers loved her , so they tipped her well . In one night she made almost a hundred dollars ! PERSON really loved waitressing !	Needing money , PERSON got a job as a waitress . She saw how the other waitresses competed for the best tippers . PERSON determined to give every customer the same great service . Soon , she was mostly waiting on big families that left small tips . PERSON decided it was time to start competing like the other girls .	PERSON laughed at the girl running around taking orders . He told her to go at her own pace and passed her a joint . The girl smoked it and got very mellow . Then customers complained about their food not arriving . The boss fired the girl for being so slow .	When I was a teenager , I broke my wrist . A few years later , I started working in a restaurant . I could n't bear the weight of a full tray of drinks on my wrist . A family came in and ordered 12 Pepsis . I spilled them all on the father 's lap .	PERSON was a waitress . She worked at a bed and breakfast . She never got paid less than fifty dollars in tips . Today was an exception . PERSON made three hundred dollars .
fire alarm	The alarm bell rang in the firehouse . The firefighters quickly put on their coats , boots , and hats . The firefighters ran to the fire trucks . The big doors of the firehouse swung open . The fire trucks raced towards the fire .	In 2008 our condo fire alarm went off . It was 1 AM , and the alarm was very loud . The firefighters came and said everything was ok . They could not turn off the alarm , however . The property manager had to come from NH to MA to turn it off .	We live in a high rise apartment building . One day my wife went to pick up a takeout order . When she got to the building a fire alarm had activated . She could not get back in for a half an hour . By then the food had gotten cold , and had to be reheated .	Nya was in the restroom at school when the fire alarm went off . Panicked , Nya dropped her hairbrush and ran outside . She quickly found her friends and ensured their safety . Then she waited with her classmates while the police investigated . It turned out the fire alarm had gone off by mistake !	PERSON was making dinner . She liked her food cooked well . It created a lot of smoke . PERSON 's smoke alarm went off . She had to take the battery out .
son	PERSON had two daughters and was a single mom . Then she found out she was pregnant with a son . She had no idea how to raise a boy without a man to help ! When her son was born , though , she decided to just do her best . She knew all her son really needed was love and care .	PERSON 's mom and dad took in a foster son . PERSON was angry at first . He thought that the new kid would take attention away from him . But gradually , he and the foster boy began to get along . Soon enough , PERSON 's foster brother had become his best friend !	The man sat on the bed . His son was sick . The man waited for his son to wake up . His son never woke up . The man was heartbroken .	I am Chinese . One day I was sitting on the bench in front of my building . A young man came by and said I looked like his father . He was white , however , as was his father . He said I just looked like his dad .	His son was a good boy , he had brown curly hair and kind eyes . He always wanted the best for everyone and helped whenever he could . One day , his father was killed in a battle . The boy packed up his things and left . He was never the same kind , innocent boy again .
the maid	PERSON hated cleaning . He decided to hire a maid . She came over once a week and did all the cleaning . PERSON was thrilled with her work ! He came home every day to a clean house .	PERSON went downstairs to drink a glass of milk . His maid PERSON told him he could n't drink before bed . PERSON replied that PERSON had to do what he said . PERSON stormed off . PERSON stole PERSON 's watch in retaliation .	PERSON was tired of cleaning all the time . She hired a maid . The maid came over and cleaned the whole house in a few hours . PERSON was thrilled to come home to a clean house . She signed a long-term contract with the maid .	PERSON decided to hire a maid . She interviewed lots of them . She decided on PERSON , who seemed very competent . The next day , PERSON came home to a spotless house . She knew she 'd made the right decision !	PERSON was a very lazy person . She hired a maid to clean up after her . PERSON laid in bed as the maid cleaned around her . She liked having a clean house but was too lazy to do it herself . PERSON 's friends scolded her when they learned what she was doing .
new phone	PERSON wanted to get his mom a new phone . So he went too the phone store . Found a nice phone for a good price . Gave it too her mom . She enjoyed it .	PERSON 's phone broke , so he had to get a new one . He spent several hours driving to the nearest Apple store . When he got there , he found out what the prices of the phones were . He ended up paying , begrudgingly . In the end , he felt that it was worth it .	PERSON waited in line for hours to buy a newly released cell phone . And he was starving when he got back to his car . He stopped at a restaurant and left the unopened phone on his seat . But his car got broken into while he was eating . PERSON decided to always hide expensive items from then on .	PERSON refused to ever buy a smartphone . He was perfectly happy with his landline phone . He laughed at everyone buying expensive smartphones . One day he missed a call for an important job interview . This made PERSON go out and buy his first smartphone .	I bought a new phone for my daughter . She was impressed by the new technology she was n't familiar with . She decided she likes playing games more than texting her friends . I told her that she still had a nine-o'clock curfew . And I told her the curfew applied to games as well as people .
the camera	PERSON asked her sister PERSON if she could borrow her camera . PERSON was very protective of her camera and said no . PERSON decided to sneak into PERSON 's room and take the camera . While taking a picture , she accidentally dropped it into a lake . PERSON was upset that she could n't find her camera anywhere .	PERSON liked to take pictures . SHe got a new camera for Christmas . She wanted to learn to take really clear photos with it . She practiced every Saturday . She was really getting good !	PERSON walked through a park and found an old camera . There were still 6 shots left on the roll . PERSON took a few landscapes and some of himself . He put the camera back where he found it . PERSON thought the owner will enjoy his addition .	PERSON loved photography . She bought a new camera to practice with . She took lots of landscape photos . When she developed them , she was very pleased . The photos were beautiful !	PERSON loves to take pictures . She was at the mall and saw a special camera . She asked her mom to get it for her . Her mother said if her report card has all A 's she will buy it . When PERSON 's report card came , it had all A 's .
the coffee shop	PERSON was relaxing at a coffee shop . She was drinking tea and reading her favorite magazine . A man came up to her and started talking to her . He was very attractive . He asked her on a date and she agreed !	PERSON opened a coffee shop downtown . He specialized in latte art . He could make many animals or designs . He was very popular . He opened another location less than a year later .	PERSON was starting a new business venture . SHe 'd always wanted to open a coffee shop . The day before she opened , she got everything clean and ready . When the doors opened , there were customers waiting ! She was excited to see what her business would accomplish .	Every day , PERSON went to the same coffee shop . He hated coffee , but he loved one patron that was always there . PERSON nervously waited everyday to try and talk to that girl . Finally , he stood up , determined to ask her out . PERSON struck up a conversation and found the date he wanted .	PERSON wanted to start a business . She decided a coffee shop would be a great business . She researched and planned and got to work . She was ready to open the coffee shop when she got bad news . The city had denied her permits !
new ipod	PERSON wanted a new ipod . She did not have a phone so she did n't have portable music . Finally her mom got her an ipod for her birthday . PERSON was so happy . She gave her mother a great gift in return .	PERSON needed a new iPod . She begged for one . Finally she was given one . She could n't believe it . She finally had another one .	PERSON was excited to get a new iPod . She was in desperate need of one . Her old one died out . She finally went out and got a new one . She ended up loving it .	I needed a new iPod . The one I had for years broke . To my surprise my boyfriend got me one . When I opened it it was amazing . I was super thankful .	PERSON wanted a new iPod . She looked everywhere for one . Finally she wanted a pink one she liked . When she got it it was great . PERSON wanted another one .
trapped	The rabbit was stuck in the trap the farmer had set out . He could hear the dogs barking in the distance . His leg was pinned and he was frantically trying to free himself . The sound of the dogs was very close now . The last thing the bunny saw was the farmers boot .	PERSON was traveling abroad when he stopped to eat at a small restaurant . He was shocked to see a brown bear in the cage outside the restaurant . The bear was being used as a tourist attraction , and looked sad . PERSON was outraged , and immediately reported to local authorities . When the paper reported the bear had been removed , he was so relieved .	PERSON parents have just completed remodel of her new bathroom . She was excited to try it out . The bathroom door became stuck . PERSON was trapped inside . Her little brother had to rescue PERSON by breaking down the door .	One day I could n't find my dog . I looked everywhere in the house for him . I called his name but he did n't come . Then I heard barking and followed it into my bedroom . He was trapped in the closet !	PERSON was parking his car along a street during a thunderstorm . PERSON heard a cracking noise above him . A large tree branch fell on top of PERSON 's car . The branch was so big and heavy PERSON could n't open his doors . PERSON called 911 and told the operator he was trapped !
the kitten	When the little girl lost her kitten , she became very sad . Her mother and father helped her search the entire neighborhood . John , her big brother made some fliers and hung them around town . One day , the phone rang and a neighbor said that she found the cat . When she came home from school , her kitten was waiting on her .	PERSON decided that his son needed a kitten to grow up with . When he was at the store one day he saw some kittens being given away . He just knew the little orange one would be perfect for his son ! He brought the kitten home , cleaned it up , and gave it to his son . His son loved the kitten , like PERSON knew he would !	PERSON found a kitten on his way home from school . He picked the kitten up and took it home . He fed the kitten and got the kitten water . He took it to the vet the next day to get it checked out . He ended up adopting the kitten and drove home with it .	PERSON 's neighbor 's , PERSON PERSON , cat gave birth to a litter of kittens . Only kitten survived being born . PERSON PERSON promised to give it to her if she did good in school . Every night , PERSON studied hard and long every day . When PERSON showed PERSON PERSON her report card , the kitten was now hers .	PERSON had to move to a senior living home . She had a hard time making friends with the residents . PERSON started to become depressed and lonely . Her daughter went and bought her a kitten for a companion . PERSON was thrilled to have a kitten and her depression went away .
camping trip	PERSON went to the town fair with his friends yesterday . The boys ate some cotton candy at the stand . The highlight of the day was the hayride for the boys . When the day was over , the boys went on about a dozen rides . PERSON was very happy at the end of the day .	I went on a camping trip last Summer . I stayed at the campgrounds for two days . The weather was nice and warm . I spent time with friends and family . I am looking forward to my next camping trip .	PERSON wanted to go on a camping trip . So she got her friends together to go . But when they got there she got scared . They saw a wolf . PERSON then wanted to go home .	PERSON and her dad always went camping every summer . They loved being outdoors in the wilderness seeing the animals . PERSON became gravely ill before their recent trip . She died before they could take one last trip together . Now , every summer PERSON 's dad remembers the fun he had with her .	PERSON planned a big camping trip for the weekend . He asked his wife if she wanted to come , but she refused . So he ended up going there alone . While unloading his gear , he realized he forgot to pack his tent . He went back home deflated , but his wife was delighted to be with him .
tires	In the morning , I saw I had a flat tire . There was no way to fix it before work . I asked a friend for a ride . After he dropped me off , he drove over an aluminum can in the lot . It punctured one of his tires .	On Sunday my wife went food shopping . When she got to the car she saw the low tire pressure light . She called me and I went down to get a pump . I am disabled and have trouble walking and bending over . We managed to fill the tires with air , luckily .	I had to get new tires for a long trip . I went to PERSON 's to get them done . I also got an oil change while I was there . It cost an arm and a leg . The trip was much safer with the new tires .	PERSON was getting new tires on his truck . He saw them put his truck on the lift . But he noticed something was n't right . His truck leaned a bit and then fell off the lifts ! They did n't place the lift properly on his truck !	PERSON 's tires all seemed low . He used a gauge and confirmed they needed air . PERSON got out a bicycle pump and topped them off . His wife looked at him oddly for it . PERSON shrugged and pointed out that it worked .
the gym	PERSON wanted to lose some weight . She decided to join a gym . She went to the gym 4 days a week for 2 months . After 2 months she weighed 20 pounds less . PERSON was encouraged by her hard work and kept working out .	PERSON wanted to work out . She was going to go to her gym . Then she remembered it was closed . She decided to cancel her membership . She started going to an all day gym instead .	PERSON never thought about joining the gym . When he started gaining weight he decided it was time to try . At first he went 2 days a week , because he forced himself to . He started enjoying himself and began going 4 days a week . PERSON looks great now and he says he will never stop going regularly .	PERSON was nervous . She just got her gym membership . She walked in the door and was a bit intimidated . She overcame it though and began working out . She felt great working out in the gym .	The man decided to get in shape . He joined the new gym in town . They taught him how to lift weights . His trainer encouraged him a lot . Soon , the man had lost weight and toned up !
picking flowers	PERSON loved flowers . She saw pretty ones while driving home . She pulled over . She picked up a few . PERSON decorated her house with them .	PERSON wanted to do something nice for his girlfriend . He picked her flowers along the way to her house . When she got them she started to cry . PERSON was confused and asked why . She said she hated the idea of killing living things .	PERSON went to the park one morning . Along the walking path , she noticed there were tiny , little flowers . PERSON loved these beautiful flowers . PERSON decided that she would pick some flowers to take home . On the walk back to the car , PERSON picked a beautiful bouquet .	I decided to pick flowers for my girlfriend . The thorns made my finger hurt . The pollen made me sneeze . I threw all of the flowers down in anger . I decided to buy the flowers to save myself the trouble .	PERSON wanted to get his girlfriend flowers . He saw some on the side of the road that looked nice . PERSON decided to pick them and put them in a vase . He arranged them himself . His girlfriend loved the gift .
nightmare	PERSON woke up in the middle of the night sweating . She started to cry . She had a dream about her daughter 's car accident . She was happy that it was only a dream . She tried to go back to sleep .	PERSON woke in the middle of the night . He had had a terrible nightmare . His parents said he could sleep with them . PERSON crawled into bed between his mom and his dad . He slept soundly the rest of the night , safe with his parents .	PERSON is a ten year old boy . He was sleeping and all of a sudden he screamed . His parent came in to make sure he is okay . PERSON had a nightmare . PERSON was n't able to sleep for the rest of the night .	PERSON woke up trembling . She was trapped in the dark . Then she calmed down . She had had a nightmare , that was all . PERSON turned the light on to help her calm down .	PERSON woke in the middle of the night , trembling . She 'd had a terrible dream ! She called out for her mom urgently . Her mom rushed in and comforted her . Soon PERSON was able to drift back off to sleep .
giving up	PERSON finished her research paper . She sent it to her teacher and deleted the document after . A few minutes later , she got a reply from her teacher . He told her to re edit the document . Since she deleted it , she accepted an F for the grade .	PERSON bought a space heater from a store . But is smelled of chemical fumes . She thought the would go away . But two weeks later there were fumes every time she used it . PERSON decided she could no longer use the space heater .	PERSON was playing football with his friends . They were losing badly . PERSON decided they should just give up . As tim 's team left , PERSON saw his little brother watching . PERSON decided to stay and play to set a better example .	PERSON was on a long hike . She had promised herself ice cream if she finished the hike . She tried pushing herself as far as possible . Still she soon felt worn out and wanted to give up . Considering the length left , she decided to bail and go home .	PERSON was invited to go to a Movie with a group of kids . She was invited by her crush PERSON . She thought PERSON liked her and wanted her there . When she arrived he was there with another girl . PERSON finally realized her and PERSON were not meant to be .
PERSON gets a date	PERSON was having a hard time finding a date . He was a gay guy and it was frowned upon by man in his community . PERSON decided to browse online for a cute guy to date . PERSON meets a handsome young man not far from him . PERSON and his date agree on dinner at a local restaurant .	PERSON needed to find a date to the prom . He asked just about every girl in school . One day a new girl came to his school . She was all alone and had no friends . PERSON decided to ask her and she said yes !	PERSON lived alone in a small house . He was 40 years old and was single . He decided to make an account for an online dating website . He began exchanging messages with another woman nearby . Eventually PERSON was able to ask the woman out on a date .	PERSON was looking for a date to the dance . He had asked almost every girl in school . He thought his luck had just run out . Then his best friend April decided to ask him . PERSON was so excited and happy he finally had a date to the dance .	PERSON is looking for love . He needs to find that special someone . He looks the bars and shopping malls . PERSON finally finds an online dating service . PERSON finds a cute date for the night out .
lost luggage	PERSON made sure to check her bag at the airport . She was relieved she did n't have to carry it on board . When she landed however , something happened . She could n't find her luggage at baggage claim . She had to call the airline later .	PERSON was on vacation . He looked for his luggage at the airport for hours . They eventually informed him it was sent elsewhere . PERSON was frustrated but understood the mistake . They were able to get him his luggage the next day .	We were excited to be flying to LOCATION for our first Indian wedding . Our fancy Indian clothes for the events were in our checked luggage . Both of our flights were smooth and landed early . After going through customs we went to collect our luggage . So much for landing early because our luggage arrived 2 days later .	PERSON had flown to LOCATION . When she got to her destination she could n't find her luggage . But PERSON thought she would find it . She asked the staff . Unfortunately she had no idea what to do .	PERSON was on a trip . He traveled by airplane . PERSON 's luggage did n't arrive with him . He had to deal with the airline . PERSON got his luggage the next day .
fever	PERSON was bitten by a fly or mosquito on a hiking trip . She developed a rash and a fever , so her mom grew concerned . She took PERSON to the doctor , where they ran some tests on her . Thankfully , all the tests came back negative . PERSON was glad she had n't caught some awful disease !	PERSON was feeling very sick . Her mother checked her temperature . They found out she had a fever . She was allowed to stay home instead of go to school . She rested the rest of the day .	PERSON woke up feeling miserable . He had broken out in a fever . He called his work to tell them he would n't be in today . He then took some medicine . After , he got ready to leave for the doctor .	PERSON was n't feeling well when she got home from school . She took her temperature and saw that she had a fever . She poured herself a glass of orange juice and went to her room . PERSON crawled in bed and pulled the covers over her . The dance was this Friday and she hoped she 'd get better by then .	PERSON was concerned about his health . He felt sick . He wanted to take his temperature . He wanted to know if he had a fever . He bought a thermometer to measure .
ice cream	PERSON wanted ice cream . He decided to make it himself . He bought all the ingredients and a maker . He followed his grandmother 's recipe . It turned out great .	PERSON loved ice cream . He ate it every night . He got really fat . Jeff could n't get a girlfriend . He stopped eating ice cream and got a hot girlfriend !	PERSON and Angel were hungry for some ice cream . They decided to go to McDonalds , because they had cones for 49 cents . When they got there , they realized the prices had gone up . They now had to pay 69 cents for each cone . PERSON bought Angel ice cream , anyway .	LOCATION wanted to make ice cream . LOCATION searched online for a recipe for homemade ice cream . LOCATION found a recipe for vanilla ice cream that was easy to do . After making the ice cream , LOCATION put it in the freezer . LOCATION was very proud with the way the ice cream tasted .	PERSON had a craving for mint ice cream . She went to a local ice cream parlor , but they did n't have mint . She went to a grocery store , but they did n't have mint either . PERSON ended up buying some ice , some cream , and some mint . PERSON went home and made delicious ice cream herself .
bus stop	PERSON was waiting for a bus on the corner . She was casually checking her phone . She heard a vehicle stop on the corner . PERSON walked to the vehicle and opened the door . As she started to get in , she realized it was n't a bus .	I went to the bus stop to get my kids . On my way there my neighbor asked me to come inside for a minute . I stayed longer than I planned . When I got to the bus stop the bus was already gone . My kids were waiting for me at home when I walked in the door .	It was the first day of school . PERSON walked to his bus stop to wait for his bus . There were no kids there when he got there . He saw the bus turn the corner down the street and drive away . PERSON realized he had gone to the wrong bus stop .	It was a rainy day outside . PERSON had to wear his raincoat and boots . When he got to school he took them off . The teacher laid them out to dry . PERSON left his raincoat and boots at school .	PERSON heard the school bus approaching as she walked to the bus stop . She hurried her walking . PERSON saw the bus pull away as she reached the stop . PERSON ran to the street and waved her arms . The bus stopped for PERSON .
teaching	PERSON was an English teacher in LOCATION . One day , PERSON decided he wanted to teach abroad . PERSON moved to LOCATION to teach English . All the students loved PERSON . PERSON was happy with his decision to move .	PERSON was the teacher for a very disruptive class . They did not pay attention to him at all . PERSON brought in a megaphone and yelled at them . The class stopped talking and paid attention . PERSON brought the megaphone every day .	All her life PERSON wanted to be a teacher . She had just graduated college . PERSON had gotten a job at the local high school . She began teaching . PERSON loved her job teaching and did very well at it .	PERSON wanted to help people . He decided to become a teacher . He researched online about how to be a better teacher . He worked very hard at being a great teacher . He became a great teacher and helped his students .	It was PERSON 's first day as a teacher . He was nervous and excited at the same time . The kids began to file into his classroom . He got off to a strong start . He knew he was going to love teaching .
dropped	It was PERSON 's first day of college . And he was n't able to find his class . Eventually , he arrived half an hour late . But the professor ended up dropping him from the class . PERSON decided to be more prepared next time .	PERSON started a new job as a dishwasher . Her first night went well - until she got home . Preparing for bed , she saw that she had lost her wedding ring ! It had slipped off in the warm soapy water at some point . PERSON was dejected - suddenly she hated the new job !	Kia found a scratched-off lottery ticket on the ground . She picked it up out of habit and checked the numbers . Surprised , she found that the ticket was a $ 5 winner . It must have fallen out of somebody 's pocket or purse ! Kia was pleased with her find .	A good amount of work all dropped at once . I emptied my queue to get some of it . By the time my queue was empty , the work was gone . I sat there annoyed that I had nothing now . It was turning into a frustrating day .	Kia was walking and texting one day . She stumbled on the sidewalk and dropped her phone . It landed in a puddle ! Kia hurried to get it out , but it was too late . Her phone was broken .
pancakes	You would think that I would eat my breakfast at home . That is were normal people eat their food . Instead I took my pancakes in the car and was driving while eating . This was not a good idea . When the syrup fell off my pancake , I looked down and hit a car .	PERSON had never been a very proficient cook . But when she had children , she decided she had to learn . She eventually was able to make them pancakes each Sunday . PERSON woke up early each week , and prepared the pancakes with pride . No one had the heart to tell her they were absolutely horrible .	PERSON was too stressed to pay attention any more . He decided he needed pancakes . He got all the ingredients together and made some from scratch . PERSON decided they were so delicious he needed more . He made a second batch and ate those as well .	PERSON invited his girl over for breakfast one morning . He rose extra-early to cook for her . He whipped up a big batch of fluffy pancakes . Then he served them to his hungry girl . She raved about how yummy they were !	PERSON was trying to make crepes . She started with basic pancake mix . Then she added an egg and fried it-but it was n't a crepe . It was just an especially thick pancake . PERSON 's crepes led her to a great pancake discovery , though !
hot day	It was a sweltering summer day . PERSON was doing his daily run in the park . By the time he got home , his shirt was soaked in sweat . He went straight to the kitchen and got a glass of water . It was incredibly refreshing .	PERSON noticed that today was a particularly hot day . PERSON decided he would take a swim in the pool to cool off . As PERSON was approaching the pool , he noticed a sign . The sign said that the pool was closed ! PERSON was highly upset that the pool was closed .	PERSON entered his apartment after finishing work . He was greeted by a blast of heat to his face . It was n't long before the air conditioning was on full blast . PERSON decided he needed to keep the air conditioning on all night . His electric bill at the end of the month was expensive .	The school campus was hot since the temperature outside is 100 degrees . While I walked between classes , I had exposure to the sun . At the end of the day , I had several sun burns . They healed after a few days . However , major scars appeared on my arms .	PERSON walked out of his classroom . The sun was beaming from outside . Sweat came down PERSON 's eyes . He wiped it off with his hand and continued to walk . Eventually , PERSON met up with him .
the cake	PERSON was baking a cake . She realized that she did n't have all the ingredients . PERSON sent her husband to the store . Her husband picked up the last ingredients . PERSON was able to finish baking her cake .	It was PERSON 's birthday . His mom bought him a big cake . He blew out the candles and then cut the cake . They all ate two pieces each . It was delicious !	PERSON was only seven but wanted to bake a cake on her own . She would n't accept any help from her mother . The cake looked perfect and she frosted it with chocolate . No one knew that she had used Baking Soda instead of Baking Powder . Her father took a bite and made a funny face trying not to laugh .	PERSON wanted to make a tall cake for her boyfriend 's birthday . She spent hours baking the cake . When she tried to frost the cake , the entire cake collapsed . PERSON tried to salvage the cake , but it was a mess . PERSON 's boyfriend told her that he loved the cake no matter what .	The teacher gave Christian a homework assignment to bake a cake . Christian came home and told his mom about the assignment . His mom took him to the store to get the ingredients . When they got back from the store , his mom helped him bake the cake . Christian took the cake to school and everyone enjoyed it .
hole	Ally was walking outside her grandmother 's house . She stepped on a board that suddenly gave way . She fell into a hole that had been covered by the board . Luckily , she was able to catch herself and climb out . She was n't hurt , but she was very scared .	PERSON just moved into a new apartment . She loved everything about it and took good care of it . Another new person was moving in next door to her too . But when they were moving in they accidentally slammed into the wall . She greeted her new neighbor for the first time through a hole .	PERSON was running through the park one day . Suddenly she saw a deep hole in the ground . It was too late to change her course . She tripped and fell over the hole . PERSON sprained her ankle badly !	The man stuck his finger in the hole . He felt a pain on his finger . He pulled it out of the hole . There was a bite on his finger . The bite was from a snake .	The hole was round and smooth . Closer looks provided more insight . The hole was chiseled . The plastic had grooves . There were tiny plastic strands .
new dress	PERSON wanted a new dress . She did n't have enough money for the one she wanted . She decided to keep shopping . She finally found another one . She ended up liking it even more .	PERSON made plans to go to the dance in her new dress . On the night of the dance she got in the backseat with her friends . One of the girls decided to open a large bottle of red wine . PERSON took a drink as the car began to roll down the street . The tire hit a pothole causing wine to ruin PERSON 's new dress .	PERSON wanted a new dress for the dance . She new her parents did not have the extra money . She decided to find a job . She saved until she could buy one . She was so excited when she bought her dress .	PERSON needed a dress for her event . She could not find one anywhere . She finally found the perfect one . However , it was too expensive . PERSON was disappointed she could n't buy it .	PERSON wanted a new dress . She did not have the money for one . She asked her mom . Her mom told her to get a job and save . PERSON finally got enough to buy a new dress .
PERSON gets a tan	PERSON wants to have slightly darker skin . She takes the train out to coney island to get a tan . On LOCATION LOCATION she lays on the beach to enjoy the sun . At the end of the day she has a nice tan . PERSON is so happy that she no longer looks so pale .	PERSON has always been pale . She wanted to change her skin tone a bit . She wanted to get a tan . So she headed to the beach . PERSON tanned for days and got a nice tan .	PERSON has always been very careful of not letting her skin become tan . She knows that too much sun is bad for skin . However , one day PERSON and her friends all visit the beach . She spends hours in the sun and becomes very tan . When she gets home PERSON worries that the sun exposure was unhealthy .	PERSON woke up one morning and felt like her skin was too pale . So she packed up her beach bag and drove to the beach . She laid out her towel on the sand and laid down under the sun . However , she was so comfortable that she fell asleep . When she woke up , instead of being tanned , she was burnt to a crisp !	PERSON is a tall pale looking man . His friends tell him he needs to get more sun . PERSON agrees to go to the beach to tan with his friends . PERSON tans at the beach for hours . PERSON gets sunburned but gets his much needed tan .
trust	PERSON sat patiently in the room while the executor started reading . She was startled as he read her name . To PERSON was bequeathed the prized furniture . PERSON sat there in amazement , as she was only a distant niece . She got up and left the room to go to the bathroom to compose herself .	A man wanted to see if he could trust his wife . He decided to fall backwards towards her . She was n't expecting it . She caught him , anyway . He felt so relieved .	Trust PERSON had an ironic name . Because she did n't trust anyone at all , she was mocked . This only fed into her complex . To the point where her mother told her her father had died . She laughed , and denied reality right into an institution .	I told her I could never trust her again . She did n't seem to be perturbed by the revelation . I argued that she had lied one too many times . She said I would trust her again someday . She did not put any effort into regaining my trust .	PERSON did n't trust anyone . But at school , he was put into a group for a project . He feared everyone in the group hated him . But as they talked about the project , PERSON felt more comfortable . PERSON became everyone 's friend and learned to trust them .
too much salt	PERSON went to the doctor . The doctor said PERSON 's blood pressure was too high . He said PERSON must cut down on his salt intake . PERSON decided to stop eating potato chips . Eventually , PERSON 's blood pressure returned to normal .	PERSON was very careful to follow the recipe while making cupcakes . They were for Mother 's Day so he wanted them to be perfect . He tried one after they were all iced to make sure they were okay . But they were n't ! He accidentally put in 1 cup of salt instead of 1 tablespoon !	PERSON 's mom made a big bowl of popcorn for the family . He salted it and bought it to the table for everyone to share . What he did n't realize is that his mom had already put salt on it . His dad had put salt on it too . It was so salty that they could n't eat it .	PERSON ordered fries from her favorite burger joint . The fries came hot and fresh . When she took bite she spit it out . The fries were way too salty . PERSON was able to get a full refund .	PERSON was eating fast food . He wanted more salt on his fries . He used a salt shaker . The top was loose and fell open . PERSON fries were completely covered in salt .
swimmer	PERSON was nine and all her friends knew how to swim , but she did n't . She convinced her dad to give her lessons in their backyard pool . First he taught her the basic dog paddle . But soon he had her swimming backstrokes and diving ! PERSON quickly became a natural water baby and a great swimmer .	PERSON wanted to learn how to swim . PERSON signed up for lessons at the YMCA nearby . PERSON practiced his strokes every day . PERSON passed the swim test with flying colors ! Now PERSON teaches little kids how to swim as well .	PERSON loved to swim . He often went to the local pool to do laps . He always considered swimming competitively . PERSON tried out for the local team . He was not fast enough and did not make the team .	PERSON was six years old . She wanted to learn to swim . Her mom took her to the pool . There , she patiently taught Ava the basics . Soon PERSON was paddling all by herself !	PERSON always admired people who could swim . She would sit by the pool and watch people swim . She wish she could swim but she was afraid of drowning . PERSON overcame her fears and enrolled in a local swim class . She became the swimmer she always wanted to be .
fried chicken	PERSON wanted to make fried chicken . He bought all the ingredients . He even bought a fryer . He was so excited to make his own chicken . PERSON 's chicken turned out perfectly .	PERSON loved the fried chicken at a local restaurant . On Saturday nights they have a special . PERSON tries to eat their every Saturday . This Saturday PERSON is running low on money . Unfortunately he had to settle for Ramen noodles .	I decided to fry some chicken . So , I bought all the necessary ingredients from the market . Alas , I did not realize I could n't use olive oil to fry food . The olive oil reached its smoking point and burned . As a result , the chicken tasted terrible .	PERSON wanted to make fried chicken . She had never made it before . She bought all the ingredients . She prepared the chicken and put it in the fryer . It was disaster and turned out terribly .	PERSON loved fried chicken . He decided to cook some one day . He bought all the ingredients . He also bought a large frier . It was the best fried chicken ever .
frog	PERSON had a frog pet he always kept in the bathroom . One night , he invited his new girlfriend over . When she excused herself to use the bathroom , she screamed . PERSON rushed to her aid and saw the frog sitting on the toilet . He picked it up and introduced it to his girlfriend .	PERSON had a pet frog . He was playing with it on a sunny afternoon . It jumped around really fast . It jumped really far and kept going towards the street . PERSON buried his frog that day .	PERSON found a frog in his backyard . He took it inside and put it in a tank . Soon it grew larger and louder . PERSON released it back outside . He was proud of the frog he had raised !	A frog jumped into the road . The bicyclist almost hit it . The bicyclist stopped . He picked up the frog . He kept the frog as his pet .	PERSON was walking near a pond . He looked down into the water . There he saw a large frog . He reached down to touch the frog 's back . It leaped away from him before he could make contact .
water	PERSON was told not to play with her glass of water . PERSON tried at first to follow this command . However , the water was too tempting . She began stirring the water with her fork . The water then spilled all over the dinner table .	PERSON has been feeling really tired and dizzy lately . He 'll be at work and then all of a sudden he 'll need to sit down . He went to the doctor and they ran some tests . The doctor told PERSON that he is dehydrated and needs to drink water . PERSON never drank too much water but now drinks a gallon a day .	Cherry loved going to school . She had lots of friends and was loved by the teachers . One day a bully came over and spilled water over her new shirt . On the verge of tears , Cherry almost ran away . Instead , Cherry decided to be friendly and become friends with bully .	A man was walking on a bridge over a river . He looked over the bridge . The rail was loose and fell off . He held on the the rail as it was falling . Both the man and the rail ended up falling in the water .	I grabbed a glass from the cabinet . Then I sliced a lemon and some cucumber to place in the glass . I poured water into the glass . I sighed after taking a big sip . That was a refreshing glass of water .
the teddy bear	PERSON loved stuffed animals . His favorite was his teddy bear . His aunt gave it to him when he was born . PERSON slept with it every night . It brought him a lot of comfort .	PERSON 's mom gave her a teddy bear when she was born . PERSON grew up taking it everywhere with her . One day while they shopped , PERSON remembered she left it in the car . PERSON and her mom went back to the car to get it . They were walking back to the store when it collapsed on itself .	PERSON was going sleep at his grandparents ' house . His mother helped him pack his bag . She dropped PERSON off at the house . PERSON realized he had n't packed his teddy bear . PERSON 's mom went home to get his bear .	Every Tuesday PERSON goes to the park with her teddy bear . She took teddy down the slides , on the swings , and in the sand box . PERSON heard her mom calling that it was time to go home . She looked around and could not find Teddy . PERSON ran to her mom crying , but Mom already had Teddy waiting .	PERSON had a new baby . The baby was a beautiful , healthy boy . PERSON and her husband wanted to spoil him from the beginning . They bought him the biggest teddy bear they could find ! They felt like good parents when they gave their baby nice things .
deodorant	My deodorant started giving me a rash . I had to stop using it right away and find a new brand . I bought a new brand and it worked very well . After a few weeks of no rash I decided it was good . I stuck with this new brand of deodorant afterwards .	PERSON was dating a nice lady . Soon , they were in a relationship together for months . His girlfriend informed him that he regularly smelled bad . PERSON never wore deodorant before this . PERSON began wearing deodorant to the delight of his girlfriend .	PERSON took off her shirt . She put on deodorant . She smelled her armpits . They smelled like daisies . She put her shirt back on and went to her date .	I found a new deodorant I really liked . The scent was light and delicate . I purchased it and headed to the checkout lane . I told the cashier how much I loved it . She laughed and said it was her favorite too .	PERSON was out of deodorant . So he drove to the store to get more . His favorite brand was degree . He got himself a two pack . PERSON was no longer out of deodorant .
free samples	My friend went to the food court to search for food . He saw a Chinese restaurant owner handing out food through samples . He took one and walked off . However , we swapped shirts and he returned to the man . The owner did n't recognize him and gave him more food .	PERSON was hungry . But he was really cheap . So he entered Costco and spend hours getting free samples . And he left the store without buying a single thing . He had so much fun , he decided to do it several times a week .	PERSON was walking around the mall . But she became hungry . She had no money but saw several restaurants giving out free samples . PERSON got as many free samples as she could . She was satisfied with her free lunch .	PERSON was hungry but he had no money . He went to the food court . Many chefs were giving out free food samples . He circled about the food court and took a lot of samples . After eating all of the samples , he was full .	PERSON was at the mall . And he was feeling hungry . But he did n't feel like spending any money . So he walked into a chocolate store and got various free samples . But the sales associates were angry when he decided to buy nothing .
spring	PERSON loved lilacs . She decided to plant a lilac bush in her backyard . It grew to be very huge . Every Spring Everly would pick the lilacs for her house . She never grew tired of the smell of lilacs .	It was cold when we got up . We put on long sleeves and jackets . We went to the park . The temperature went up fast . We should have worn short sleeves .	The sun was shining this morning . I walked the dog for a little while . She loves to go out on Sunday Funday . It is difficult to get her back inside . I always bring her treats to reward her .	It was the first day of Spring in LOCATION . PERSON was happy to see the sun after the long cold winter . She decided she would visit a park to enjoy the weather . While at the park it began to rain hard . PERSON was soaked and regretted not bringing an umbrella .	It was the first day of Spring . PERSON wanted to plant a tree . He and his mother went to a plant nursery . They picked out a cherry tree . PERSON and his mother planted the tree , and had a lot of fun !
horror movie	PERSON and her friends wanted to go see a movie . Her friends wanted to see a horror movie , but PERSON was scared . She decided to go with her friends anyway . At the movie , PERSON got scared and had to leave . She wished she had just stayed home from the beginning .	PERSON was recently invited to the movies with a coworker . PERSON was excited to get out the house and see a movie . PERSON met the coworker and asked what movie they would be watching . PERSON was shocked to find out that they were watching a Horror movie . PERSON was mortified of horror movies , as he always has nightmares .	PERSON took PERSON on a date . PERSON loves horror movies . They went to see the newest one . She made PERSON watch the whole thing . PERSON went home crying .	PERSON loved scary movies . He heard great things about a new one . He was excited to go see it . He even got opening night tickets . The movie turned out to be disappointing .	PERSON was in the mood for a horror movie . He decided to look up the scariest movies of the last decade . PERSON finally settled on a psychological horror movie . PERSON was completely spooked after watching it . PERSON could not sleep that night .
the speech	PERSON had to give a speech for class . He was very anxious about it . His uncle had taught him breathing exercises to calm his nerves . He took slow deep breaths before his speech . He minimized his level of anxiety and gave a great speech .	PERSON stayed at the edge of the stage to look out at the crowd . She shuffled the cards in her hand filled with notes . She walked to the podium and adjusted the microphone . Fear nearly overwhelmed her but she started to talk . The crowd gave her a standing ovation when she finished .	PERSON had to give a speech at his job next month . It was going to be in front of the entire company . PERSON was nervous because he gets stage fright . He took a crash course of public speaking which helped him a lot . By the time the day came to give the speech PERSON was confident !	PERSON had to give a speech to the board of directors . She was very nervous about it . A promotion was on the line . During the speech she threw up in her mouth . She swallowed it and barely finished the speech .	PERSON was working on a speech for the upcoming school elections . He was running for school Treasurer , but was very nervous about it . He practiced his speech everyday . When election day came , PERSON gave the speech perfectly ! Much to his excitement , he was elected Treasurer .
cravings	PERSON was craving some PERSON 's pieces . PERSON was dejected to see he had none in his pantry . He mixed some peanut butter and M&M s together . PERSON delicately put his experiment into his mouth . He decided it tasted almost like the candy he was craving !	Adele really wanted some candy . She checked the cupboards , which were empty . She wondered if she should get in the car to go buy some . PERSON decided that she did n't want candy enough to go drive . She still craves that candy to this very day .	PERSON did n't want any more peanut butter . She put the lid on and put the jar away . She vowed to battle her cravings more vigilantly . At dinner that night the jello reminded her of jelly . She wished she was eating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich .	PERSON was about to be a father . That means his wife was having crazy pregnancy cravings . She wanted PERSON 's french fries and 711 nacho cheese on them . So PERSON went out and shoveled snow out of the way to go get her food . He managed to get back just in time to get to see her water break .	When I was pregnant , I always had strong cravings . Even though I was vegetarian , I really wanted some chicken . Specifically , I wanted a chicken sandwich from Wendy 's . In my 8th month , I caved and bought the sandwich . The next day , I went into early labor .
picture	PERSON took an embarrassing picture of PERSON . He blackmailed PERSON . PERSON paid PERSON off . PERSON gave PERSON the photo . PERSON burned the photo .	PERSON saw a Herring . He took it 's picture . He framed the picture . He put it on the desk . He broke it with his elbow .	The man took a picture . He looked at the photo . He was not happy with the framing . He moved his location . He took another picture .	I was taking an art class with my friend . For our test , we had to each paint an apple . I had procrastinated until the night before it was due . My friend had been working on her painting all week . I was pleased that my picture turned out better than my friend 's .	PERSON was getting ready to leave for college . Her parents were very sad to see her go . They decided to get her a picture of them before PERSON left . PERSON appreciated the gift very much . It now hangs in her dorm room .
the trampoline	PERSON and his baby brother PERSON could n't believe their eyes . There it was , just sitting underneath the Christmas tree . It was a brand new trampoline ! Their father put all the pieces together and finally it was time . They jumped all day and into the night .	I got mad at my brother one day after school . I was trying to jump on the trampoline , but he stuck his head under it . I jumped on it anyway , bouncing up and down on his head . He yelled for our mom to help him , but I did n't care . I was so tired of being bullied , it did n't matter anymore .	PERSON wanted to surprise his kids . He bought a trampoline and put it in the back yard . The kids were shocked when they came home ! The bounced and bounced for hours . The thanked him all night long .	The kids were sad . Their trampoline had broken ! They could n't play on it anymore . They tried to fix it , but it was no use . They had to throw it away .	PERSON wanted a trampoline in her backyard . Her mother thought this was a bad idea . PERSON 's father bought her the trampoline . PERSON broke her wrist while jumping on the trampoline . Her mother sold the trampoline .
onions	Our neighbor PERSON is a hunter . We all live in the city . One day we were walking on the grass near our building . PERSON pulled up what we thought was grass . We were amazed that they were wild onions .	PERSON got engaged and her fiance 's parents threw her a party . PERSON told her his mom 's signature dish was French onion soup . PERSON hated onions , but knew it would be rude to not eat . She tried some onion dishes at home , but still hated them all . At the party , she told PERSON 's mom she was allergic and all was fine .	PERSON hated onions . His mother tried to get him to eat them . He would spit them out . One day she grilled them with peppers . PERSON tried it and loved onions from then on .	Kia 's family loved onions , but they were almost out , and broke ! She worried - they ate onion with every meal ! Then she decided on a solution - she minced the last onion . Chopped so finely , it spread out better and lasted longer . Kia made that one onion last them for a whole week !	PERSON wanted to grow onions . She planted the seeds in her garden . But months passed and no onions grew ! Then PERSON 's mom told her the onions grow underground . PERSON dug in the soil and found dozens of onions !
hair dye	PERSON decided she wanted a change to her hair . She went to the salon with a photo . Her stylist worked hours . PERSON looked in the mirror and began crying . Her hair was blue .	PERSON noticed her hair was getting gray . PERSON was self conscious . She went to her beautician . PERSON dyed her hair . PERSON felt much better .	PERSON wanted purple hair for Halloween . Her mom said she was too young to use real dye . She bought PERSON a packet of grape drink mix instead . Then she helped PERSON dye her hair in the bathroom . To PERSON 's delight , the purple color was very vivid !	I decided to bleach my hair so I could fit in . I did it myself to save money though . After applying the bleach I needed to wait 45 minutes before rinsing . I fell asleep in the chair for 3 hours . I woke up in a panic to find myself bald with chemical burns .	PERSON wanted to dye her hair . But her mom said no because PERSON was only 15 . PERSON begged and begged until her mom gave in . She decided to dye her hair blonde ! When her mom saw it , she actually admitted that the color was lovely !
wrong address	PERSON was expecting a package in the mail . He waited patiently for weeks . One day he decided to call the post office . He spoke with the worker and was told that his package was lost ! PERSON was able to get a refund after making a complaint to the store .	PERSON was watching television at home . All of a sudden someone knocked at the door . PERSON was n't expecting company . The person at the door was delivering pizza . PERSON told them they had the wrong address and sent them off .	PERSON wrote a letter to a friend . She mailed the letter the next day . The letter was returned undelivered . She corrected the address on the envelope . She sent the letter back out the next day .	PERSON asked me on a date . He told me to meet him at Starbucks and gave me the address . When I arrived , he was nowhere to be found ! PERSON had given me the wrong address . I did not go on another date with PERSON .	I was looking for an address in a small town . It was evening . I walked down the street . Someone chased me in their car . I ran to my car quickly .
jump rope	PERSON was not a very athletic boy . He studied very hard in school , but did n't seem to do well in sports . One of his friends suggested he try out for the jump rope team . He tried out and made the team . PERSON turned out to love jump rope and was one of the best on the team .	PERSON 's friend PERSON loved to brag . She told PERSON she could jump rope better than her . PERSON happened to be an excellent jump roper . She took PERSON up on the challenge . She beat her easily , jumping over 150 times before missing .	PERSON wanted to become a professional rope jumper . She decided to try out for a local team . She did all the tricks and stunts they asked . PERSON was nervous about her performance . However , PERSON was delighted to hear she made the team .	PERSON was the best jump roper in the city . She could do amazing tricks . She liked to show off on the playground . One day , she tripped and fell . She was too embarrassed to jump rope after that .	PERSON was playing with her friends . They decided to jump rope . PERSON was the first to go . She tripped and fell . PERSON got back up and tried again .
lost in the woods	I went to Church Camp one year . We took a long nature hike into the woods . Suddenly , a family of bumble bees started swarming me and I ran . I soon became lost in the woods for hours , and was terrified . Later on , a church search party had found me and took me back .	PERSON was out in the woods . He got lost after a while . He only had enough signal to call 911 . They sent out someone to help him . PERSON was able to make it back safely .	PERSON and PERSON are going camping in the woods . Neither of them have ever been to this campsite before . For two hours they try to find the campsite . They spend the next two hours trying to get back out of the woods . They both decide to not try camping ever again .	PERSON was a lover of the outdoors . She hiked , fished , and even hunted whenever she got the chance . When walking in the woods one day , she came across a wounded bird . She quickly scooped up the bird and brought it back to her house . PERSON was able to nurse the small bird back to health and release it .	Jan and PERSON went on a three week vacation to LOCATION LOCATION . While they were there they used a shuttle service to get around . One day the shuttle dropped them at the address they had given . They soon discovered the address was wrong and found themselves lost . Eventually a nice woman named PERSON helped PERSON and Jan find their cabin .
working hard	PERSON is the oldest of a family of eight siblings . His father taught him from an early age that working hard is important PERSON often fetched water , fed livestock , and cared for his siblings . Now that PERSON has children of his own he teaches them the same . PERSON is proud of his family and hopes to raise respectful children .	PERSON works at a very hard job . She thinks that her boss does n't pay her enough . PERSON went in one day and asked for a raise . She was nice and assertive . Her boss gave her a raise .	PERSON graduated from college with a lot of debt . All the money she owed was making her worry . She was rejected at several job interviews . After interviewing at Walmart , she bought a gun in the sports section . She was killed while trying to rob a customer service manager .	The other day I was able to finish all my work early . My boss was really impressed and complimented me . I was happy to have done such a good job . As a result my boss gave me more work . Now I just take my time doing everything .	Being a stay at home dad is fun I get to take care of my kids . I get to see them grow up first-hand . I even get to make my wife happy when she gets home . I ca n't wait for her to see what I cooked tonight .
winter	PERSON took out a glass of champagne . She poured it in a baby cup . She sipped on it while watching television . She cried at the loss of her baby girl . She had fallen ill earlier that winter .	PERSON loves the winter . One of her favorite things about this time is the trees . She loves watching the snow pile on the branches . She stared out the window all winter . She is a peaceful person because of it .	The citizens of LOCATION were used to warm weather . They loved to walk in the sun . Recently , a cold front has started to appear . The temperature started to drop . The citizens of LOCATION must now dress warmer .	PERSON lives in LOCATION and he gets very cold winters . Today his car would n't start because it was so cold outside . He had to call into work and say he ca n't come in . Now he is n't going to get paid today . PERSON wants to move somewhere warmer .	PERSON lived in a cold climate . PERSON was very frugal . PERSON wanted to insulate his home . PERSON decided to board up the windows . PERSON saved some money by sealing the windows .
first date	PERSON was nervous to go on a first date with PERSON . She was excited but the nerves took over . The two met up at the new restaurant . The two ordered the same dish and loved it . Thankfully the date went well .	PERSON went to school with a beautiful girl named PERSON . PERSON had a huge crush on her . One day PERSON asked PERSON out for a cup of coffee . PERSON agreed and the two went off to the coffee shop . PERSON made a great first impression and even got a kiss .	My friend PERSON had a date on Wednesday . He met the woman at a restaurant for dinner . After dinner he asked if he could call her again . She said she would think about it . PERSON told me he felt she was brushing him off .	PERSON was getting ready for her date . When she was done , she splashed on some perfume . For this date she had chosen the zoo , so she left and headed there . The zoo was empty and she was grateful as she parked her car . She waited at the entrance until she saw her date .	I went on a date with my current wife . It was our first . We went to a hockey game together . We won the halftime game ! It was a great experience .
the big party	PERSON is a reporter and wanted to get into a big party . He would get a lot of great information for his story . He knew that he needed to find a way to get into the party . PERSON asked a friend he knew was going if he could go with . The friend said no and PERSON did n't go to the party .	PERSON 's birthday was coming up . He decided to throw a big party for it . He invited everyone he knew and got a lot of alcohol . Tons of people showed up to his party . PERSON had a great time .	PERSON 's parents were gone for the weekend . He had the whole house to himself ! PERSON invited all his friends to come over . PERSON and his friends partied all night long . PERSON cleaned up the mess that they made the next morning .	PERSON had a big party one Friday night . Everyone told their friends about the party . Teens for everyone were at PERSON 's house . The police soon started getting noise complaints from the neighbors . The police broke up PERSON 's big party .	PERSON was the manager of an apartment building . The owners made everyone move out for renovations . PERSON had an idea to throw a party in the apartment building . A week before renovations began he threw a huge party . They had bathtubs filled with liquor .
summer vacation	PERSON missed her youthful , carefree summer days . She wanted to have summer vacation as an adult . She went to night school to get a teaching certificate . PERSON found work at a local high school . PERSON thus reclaimed her summer vacation .	PERSON was bored on his summer vacation . His mom told him to find something constructive to do . He went next door and helped the elderly man in his yard . The man was so happy he hired PERSON to help him every week . Now PERSON is n't bored and he has money for ice cream every day .	When I was younger my family and I would go on summer vacations . We would always go the PERSON , LOCATION . During one summer we stopped going because of money . It has been 4 years now and we have not gone back to PERSON . Now every time summer comes around I become sad .	PERSON could not wait for his annual summer vacation . This year he was going to LOCATION , and could not wait . He was more excited to be visiting LOCATION while there . In addition , he could not wait to go to the beach as well . PERSON was in high anticipation for his annual summer vacation trip .	The PERSON Family loved spending time together . Every summer they would go to the mountains . This summer was no different . They drove to the mountains and stayed ten days . They felt refreshed and loved when they got home .
