thunderstorm	PERSON is afraid of storms . There is a big storm heading towards her house . PERSON gathers some food and blankets and goes to the basement . PERSON turns on the radio and listens to the weather . PERSON waits until the storm has passed to go upstairs .	Sue went for a run . She did not think to check the weather before she left . As she hit the two mile mark , she heard thunder . She started to hurry , but it started to pour . Sue was soaked by the time she made it home .	PERSON was swimming inside the pool on vacation . She heard thunder off in the distance . PERSON stayed inside the pool , even though a storm was coming . Then PERSON saw lightening . She got out of the pool after lightening came across the sky .	PERSON is afraid of thunder . For the next two weeks it is supposed to rain heavily . During the first week , the rain flooded the basement . The following week the thunder shook the house . PERSON decided to stay in a bomb shelter until the storm passed .	PERSON took a cooler of food and drinks to the park . A few friends visited and they had a volleyball match . When a thunderstorm occurred , they decided to stay in a pavilion . The weather cleared up and they left the park . The thunderstorm occurred again on the ride home .	We could see the clouds rolling in nearby . As they got closer , they also got darker looking . A huge lightning bolt came from one of the clouds down to the ground . Seconds later , the ground shook . Everyone nearby took cover from the incoming storm .	PERSON was woken up by the thunder during the storm . The loud boom really scared him . He went and climbed into bed with his parents . His parents let him do this because the storm was really loud . PERSON fell back to sleep very quickly .	PERSON noticed that the weather outside looked bad . PERSON turned on the radio and listened to weather report . A bad thunderstorm was predicted . PERSON unplugged all the electronics including the computer . A few minutes later the storm arrived .	We went to Six Flags Park in LOCATION in 2000 . My wife and two kids had a great time . At night , a violent thunderstorm struck . We drove for an hour in the rain . The kids were afraid until the storm stopped .
PERSON PERSON	I met PERSON PERSON yesterday . He is a new pop artist from LOCATION . He told me about his dreams and aspirations . I told him that I want to be like him when I grow up . He gave me an autograph and I was very happy .	PERSON PERSON 's father was a professional basketball player . PERSON PERSON also wanted to play professional basketball . PERSON PERSON practiced everyday . PERSON PERSON became a great basketball player . PERSON PERSON is now considered one of the best ever .	I went to PERSON PERSON in 2010 . My daughter and son-in-law went with me . BC played against BU . I was excited , as BU won the game . I went to BU while my daughter and her husband went to BC .	PERSON PERSON liked to jump rope . Everyday he would jump his rope . This last Friday was not a good for him . He was jumping his rope but tripped . He broke out his front two teeth .	Sister PERSON hit me with a ruler . I hit Sister PERSON in the mouth with my fist . I apologized because Sister PERSON is a nun . I warned Sister Jean to never hit me again . I told PERSON PERSON if she did I 'd break her arm .	PERSON made lunch for PERSON with her PERSON PERSON grill . She was on lunch break and did n't have time to clean up the mess . PERSON went in there after to wash the dishes . He grabbed the grill without realizing it was still hot . He now has lines burned onto his palm and fingertips .	When we were at LOCATION LOCATION we were able to do a meet and greet . We went to the location and waited to find out who it would be with . We were surprised to find out it was PERSON PERSON . My nephews were so excited to meet the dark Lord . We all had our pictures taken and really enjoyed the experience .	PERSON loved PERSON PERSON . He watched it every day and quoted every line . He changed his last name to Gump . His friends thought he was weird . So he just ran away , he ran and ran and ran .	When I was in elementary school , my uncle lent me a book . It was the first PERSON PERSON book . I read it and demanded the next one . Soon I had finished all he had . I went with him to buy the last one at midnight .
weather	This December the weather has been exceptionally warm . My high school teacher told me about global warming many years ago . She said the government can change the weather . The government does it by sprinkling pellets on clouds . She never said what the pellets were made of .	The forecast called for rainy . I packed my raincoat . It never rained . Instead it started to snow . The weather is never predictable .	PERSON sat alone in the basement . He wanted to go out , but did n't know how the weather was . He walked back upstairs to check . Peering out the window , he saw it was raining heavily . He went back down into the basement , somewhat disappointed .	PERSON was a naturalist . He noticed the weather influenced the nature 's beauty . He went to the park after a big rain . He saw a the most beautiful sunset he had ever seen . He knew this was only possible because it was after a storm .	The weather forecast said there was a small chance of rain . PERSON decided to take that chance . She did not pack a raincoat for her walk . As she was walking , the bottom fell out . When she finally got back home , she was soaked .	PERSON was about to go for a run . She decided to check the weather before she went . The weather said there was a large chance of rain . PERSON decided not to go . It never rained the rest of the day .	The day started cold and rainy . By 11 AM , the sun had come out . The temperature rose to 75 degrees . It got so warm I changed into shorts . I wish the summer was longer .	PERSON had football tickets . He was excited and had been looking forward to this game . The weather forecast predicted rain . PERSON got to the game and it was rained out . He was not happy about wasting his money .	The sky was really black . The wind started to pick and and things were blowing around . I ran inside the house to stay dry . It rained for hours . The sun then came out and I went out to play .
job	PERSON was an office worker . PERSON was his manager . PERSON quit the company . PERSON went to a new company . PERSON soon also quit and followed his manager to the new company .	PERSON was a teacher . All his friends thought his job was fun . They had no idea how hard it was . PERSON spent hours to prepare lessons . His friends never understood .	PERSON hated his job . He tried really hard to find a new one . He went on a lot of interviews . Finally he got a job offer . He was so happy at his new job !	My son 's friend PERSON moved from LOCATION to LOCATION , LOCATION . PERSON lost his job last month . He applied to many places and got a job offer last week . He needed a driver 's license and did not have one . PERSON is still looking for a job .	Some days I worried whether I was going to lose my job . Sometimes I could n't help it , I just could n't go in . Headaches would keep me from doing the dangerous work I did . The fear made me feel sicker than the headaches . However my employer assured me that I was okay .	June was a waitress . She was about to quit her job of 3 years . It was difficult and she dealt with rude people . One night she waited on a horrible person . However , he left her a tip of one million dollars .	PERSON has been looking for a new job . He always goes on job boards online . Finally , mcdonald 's called him for an interview . He came in to the interview , nervous and scared . He ended up getting the job .	The man applied for the job . He did not hear anything back . He called the company . They agreed to review his application . He got the job .	PERSON wanted to buy a car . Her parents said they would give her half . PERSON decided to find a part time job to make up the difference . She started working as a waitress to save up . PERSON finally was able to buy a car .
dishes	Carol never liked to wash the dishes . Her apartment was too small for a dishwasher . So when she moved she wanted a dishwasher . She picked out the one with the best reviews . So when she moved that was her first purchase .	PERSON told his son to do the dishes . His son hated doing the dishes . His son shouted at him and said no . PERSON grounded his son . His son decided he should do the dishes next time .	I was doing dishes yesterday . I smashed a small bowl that belonged to my roommate . I felt very bad about it and apologized . She pretended to be mad , but then she laughed . She had tricked me !	I knew we were running low on dishes . My children had broken so many in such a short period . My mother asked what I wanted for Christmas . I told her I wanted new dishes . She gave me a box filled with bright red porcelain plates that year .	I never understood the need for expensive dishes . Dishes are going to get eaten off of . There is no point paying more than you have to . My wife told me otherwise . My wife and I eventually bought expensive dishes .	PERSON hated doing dishes , but that was her chore . Then she had a great idea-she could trade with her sister . Her sis , PERSON , hated vacuuming ! The girls discussed it , and agreed to trade chores covertly . Their mom never knew-and each girl was much happier !	PERSON had the day off from work . His wife asked him to do the dishes while he was home . PERSON forgot . There were no clean plates for dinner . PERSON had to eat off a napkin .	PERSON finished eating her eggs . She took her plate , fork , and coffee cup to the sink . PERSON washed her dishes in the sink . She used a towel to dry them . Then , she put her dishes away .	Today I was assigned to do the dishes . There were over fifteen pots and pans to wash . It took me over two hours to get them clean . I am glad I only have to do dishes once a week . I will use less dishes because I do not like to wash them .
the promotion	PERSON wanted to get a promotion at work . His boss promised a promotion upon completion of work . PERSON spent late nights working on unfinished projects . He was able to get complete all his work by the deadline . PERSON was promoted to general manager .	PERSON was a very hard worker . He was in line for a promotion at his work . It was between Him and another man . PERSON is called into his boss 's office . Jeff is told he has earned the promotion .	PERSON saw a job posting on her company 's website . The job pays almost double what she makes now . Although she did n't have all the qualifications , she applied for it . She impressed the manager at the interview . PERSON starts her new job next week .	PERSON 's boss said the leading salesman next month would get promoted . PERSON decided he wanted the promotion . PERSON worked very hard to close his sales accounts . At the end of the month PERSON was the leading salesman . PERSON got the promotion !	PERSON was just promoted to manager . She had worked at the store for ten years . If anyone deserved the promotion , it was her . She is a very hard worker . I am very happy for her .	PERSON had worked for his company for many years . He worked hard and often did more than his job required . One day , PERSON 's boss called him into an empty office . He told PERSON that the company appreciated all his work over the years . Finally , he told PERSON that PERSON was getting a promotion and a raise !	PERSON was working hard to prove himself to his boss . He put in a lot of hours in the office . He took work home , too . He was granted the promotion ! He knew his hard work had paid off .	PERSON worked part time at his father 's friend 's store . He helped his father file paperwork in the office of the store . PERSON noticed ways that his boss could cut down on spending . PERSON helped his boss trim down his finances . PERSON 's father 's friend put him on as full time .	PERSON had been a hard worker for years . He received several compliments by his bosses . He was sure he would get a promotion soon . PERSON kept getting passed over . Eventually he decided to find a new job .
camera	PERSON wanted to be a better camera man . He walked around his neighborhood filming interesting things . He uploaded all the footage to his computer . PERSON spent several nights editing footage . Now he feels confident he is a better camera man !	PERSON was having a fun time with his friends . He wished the moment would last forever . However he knew that it would n't . He had an idea . He bought a camera to capture all of the memories .	PERSON bought a camera . He went to the lake to shoot pictures . He stepped out on a log . The log turned . The camera got ruined .	A man robbed PERSON 's house . PERSON decided to put cameras in his house . Later , the man tried to rob PERSON 's house again . PERSON caught the man on camera . The man was arrested by the police !	PERSON wanted to get a new camera . He did n't have nearly enough money for it . He begged his parents constantly for the camera . Then one day they finally gave in and bought him it . He was so happy that he accidentally ended up breaking it .	PERSON got a new camera and was testing it out with her friends . They all performed funny poses in it and enjoyed themselves . Later when she was editing the photos she noticed that some were gone . Somehow they had ended up sent to the local paper ! She called the paper and was able to get the embarrassing photos back .	My daughter went to Boston College from 2003 to 2007 . The dorm room doors are often open . She went out for class one day . When she returned she found her camera was missing . She reported this to campus police but never recovered her camera .	I went on vacation to LOCATION . I decided to install a security camera to monitor the house . While I was in rome , I got a phone notification . The camera had detected a person in my house . I called the police station and they arrested the man in my house !	PERSON got a new camera for her birthday . She went outside to take some photos . She took a photo of the bridge and the setting sun . On the way back home , she saw the sunset and took a photo . PERSON loved her new camera !
soup kitchen	PERSON opened up a lunch cafe . She was so excited on opening day when hundreds of people lined up . It only took her a few customers to realize the people were homeless . That is when she realized that she did something wrong . She should have never named her restaurant The Soup Kitchen .	PERSON works in a soup kitchen . One day a man came in . He was very hungry . PERSON offered him an extra portion of food . He was very thankful .	PERSON was always up for volunteering during his spare time . Today , a friend of his asked him to help out at the soup kitchen . PERSON showed up on time and got instruction on how to serve . He spent the rest of the afternoon , serving lunch to everyone . He went out afterwards with his friend to discuss social issues .	PERSON was annoyed at his mother . He wanted to enjoy a relaxing Thanksgiving at home . But his mother signed the family up to work at a soup kitchen . He spent all day handing out rolls . It was the best Thanksgiving he ever had .	On Thanksgiving , PERSON 's family worked at a soup kitchen . His job was to hand out rolls . He felt sad to see all the needy people . But he was happy that he was able to help them . He hoped his family would go back to help again next year .	PERSON ran an impromptu soup kitchen out of her home on Christmas . She had to think of cheap food to cook large amounts of . She made a lot of rice , pasta , potatoes , and the like . She also made her famous chicken noodle soup . PERSON served 224 meals to 224 hungry , grateful people .	One day Grace volunteered at the local soup kitchen . One of the homeless women gave her a hug . She hugged her back . That made Grace 's day . She was happier from then on .	PERSON worked as a volunteer at a soup kitchen near downtown . She came to work happy that day . The happiness stopped when a robber came with a gun . They did n't have a register so he made everyone give him their wallets PERSON is still traumatized by what happened that day .	I wanted to volunteer . I decided to volunteer at the soup kitchen . They made me hand out bread . I hated it . But , I realized that I got to make a difference in people 's lives .
the guitar	PERSON started the year without knowing how to play the guitar . He vowed that he would learn to do it by December . He bought an expensive guitar . He practiced every day . At the end of the year he was pretty good at it .	The girl was learning to play a new instrument . She had a guitar . She practiced her chords every day . Soon , she could play actual songs ! She was excited to get even better at the guitar .	PERSON wanted to learn how to play a song . He worked very hard practicing on his guitar . He tried over and over . One day he finally got it and it clicked for him . PERSON played the song wonderfully on the guitar .	The kids wanted to learn a new instrument . They decided the guitar would be fun . They each bought a guitar and some music . Their teacher came that night for the first lesson . They were excited to become good guitar players .	Will and his parents went to garage sales every Saturday . Will stumbled on a used guitar and really wanted it . He offered the man 5 dollars for the guitar . The man refused to sell it unless PERSON paid 20 dollars . Will 's mom loaned him the extra money and PERSON got the guitar .	PERSON decided to practice playing guitar . While playing , he noticed the guitar was out of tune . He broke a string while tuning . PERSON was very annoyed with himself . He reluctantly drove to the store to buy new strings .	I wanted to learn to play guitar . I went to a music store . A salesman let me play with a guitar in a corner . A string snapped , flying up and hitting me in the face . I immediately handed back the guitar .	PERSON bought a guitar . She played it for her family . She was so bad that they threw tomatoes at her . PERSON practiced very hard . After a week she was sensational at playing .	My son is learning to play the guitar . He has been practicing every night . He is starting to get better and not as embarrassed . He will not play in front of his mom and dad . We love to listen to our son learn the guitar .
scuba diving	PERSON spent his mornings watching scuba diving videos . He decided he wanted to learn how to scuba dive . PERSON signed up for a local scuba diving course . He spent the next few weeks learning different procedures . PERSON passed his scuba diving test !	PERSON had never been scuba diving before . One of her friends convinced her to go . The two of them went to a nearby scuba shop . The entire experience was thrilling to PERSON . PERSON had found a new favorite hobby .	Today was PERSON 's first day of scuba diving . As soon as she was submerged in the water , she was fascinated . Not only did she see many fish , but she came across several plants . She remained in the water for 1-2 hours . Afterwards , she got out and thanked the instructor .	I went SCUBA diving for the first time this weekend . I was so nervous to be so deep underwater for such a long time . I eventually relaxed and began to enjoy the ocean wildlife . I even got to see sharks up close ! I ca n't wait to go SCUBA diving again !	Today was a big day . Today was PERSON 's first chance to dive after taking her classes . She went out on a boat with her friends and they got their gear ready . They were over the reef and dropped down into the water . The coral and the fish were all so beautiful underwater scuba diving .	PERSON was a scuba diver instructor . This last week he had a group of overweight tourists . One of the could barely breath just walking . He had too much trouble trying to swim . He felt bad but had to ask him to wait in the boat .	For our honeymoon my wife and I went to LOCATION . One of the coolest things we did was scuba dive . It was at a beautiful cove . We saw lots of marine life . It brought us closer together as a couple .	Teddy was really excited . He was going scuba diving . He had just gotten qualified and was ready for his first dive . They entered into the water . Teddy was amazed and in awe of the wonderful experience .	The couple had never tried scuba diving before . They were on their honeymoon and wanted to be adventurous . They rented out a boat and went out to sea . They put on their gear and dove down . They saw amazing things and were delighted they had tried diving .
sand	PERSON had been tripped by a bully . She had fallen into the sand . Now she lay there , face down in the sand . She knew she needed to get up . But she was n't prepared to face the embarrassment .	My husband bought a pile of sand to go under our pool . The sand did n't work as well as he thought it would . He decided not to use much of it . He left the sand in a large pile in our yard . Now we have the biggest sandbox in the neighborhood !	We went to the Beach last week . The baby love to play in the sand . I could not believe it when she started to eat the sand . I rushed to wash it out of her mouth . I believe she had already swallowed some .	PERSON went for a walk on the beach . He walked barefoot so he could feel the sand on his feet . When he was ready to go , he put his sneakers back on . At home , he took his sneakers off and lots of sand fell out . PERSON got a broom and swept up the sandy floors .	PERSON and PERSON went to the beach . They had fun in the sun . PERSON decided to build a sand castle . PERSON went to work and exerted himself to build a sandcastle . PERSON eventually build an incredible sand castle and impressed PERSON .	LOCATION went to the beach with his family . The wind began to blow . A grain of sand blew into LOCATION 's eye . PERSON began to cry from the pain . PERSON 's mom tried to help get the sand from his eye .	One day PERSON went to the beach with her mother . PERSON went straight to the largest pile of sand . PERSON did not see the large wave coming towards her . PERSON was hit by the wave and pushed into the pile of sand . From then on , PERSON always watched the waves carefully .	PERSON went to the beach . He laid down in the sand . There were a lot of grains of sand he could see . He tried to count them . He failed because there was too much sand .	PERSON sat on the swing at recess crying . A girl had thrown sand in her eyes . PERSON had no idea why the girl threw the sand . She was hurt , and confused by the act . PERSON 's friend June decided to tell a teacher about the incident .
stairs	My five year old brother slid down the stairs on a mattress . He screamed with delight as he flew down . At the bottom he ran into the wall . He hit his head and started bleeding . He had to go get eight stitches .	I was walking up the stairs . Suddenly , I fell ! I was rushed to the hospital for a concussion . The doctors told me I should be more careful . From then on , I decided to hold onto the stair railings .	PERSON decided to take the stairs to her office at work . The first few floors were easy enough . By the 5th floor PERSON was panting . Since it was only 6 floors she thought it would be easy . When PERSON arrived at her desk she was panting and sweating .	Last week I visited my friend at his new apartment . The elevator was broken . He lived in the 14th floor . I decided to walk up the stairs . By the time I got there I almost fainted and they had to help me in .	PERSON was an athlete . PERSON had to frequently climb stairs at his work . PERSON decided to skip stairs for exercise . PERSON began skipping stairs regularly . PERSON saw his fitness improve noticeably .	PERSON lived under a staircase . he lived with his uncle , who does n't care for him . He later on received a letter . The better gave him full scholarship to a school He took it with a heartbeat	We like to climb stairs . We climb them everyday . Sometimes we fall . Today we tried to climb a lot of stairs . We made it all the way to the top .	One night my friend called me crying . She was walking down the street in LOCATION when someone pushed her . She fell down a flight of cement stairs and split her head . The assailant did not attempt to take anything and fled the scene . My friend needed 6 staples in her head .	PERSON raced down the stairs . His foot slipped out from under him . He crashed head first into door . His head started bleeding . He went to the doctor 's office to get the wound closed .
missed bus	A woman was sitting on the bench in front of my building . She was waiting for the bus , about fifty feet away . She got distracted by a text message . When she looked up , the bus was coming . She ran but missed the bus .	Working late one night , PERSON hurried to the corner but missed her bus . It was the last bus home , and PERSON could n't afford a cab . Hurrying back to her work , PERSON found all of her coworkers gone . With no one to give her a ride , she realized she 'd have to walk home . Walking a scary hour in the dark was a lesson to always have cab fare .	PERSON looked over at the clock and gasped . She had completely lost track of the time . She grabbed her keys and coat and hurried out the door . Donning her coat as she ran , she raced down the street . She rounded the corner just in time to see her bus roar by .	PERSON was walking down to the bus stop . He planned on taking the bus to school . He waited for an hour but the bus did not show . He had to walk to school . It took him an hour to get to school .	PERSON missed the bus in the morning . He walked to school . He got to school one hour late . The principal of the school told his mom . His mom grounded PERSON for two weeks .	A man came out of the building today . He asked me if the bus to LOCATION LOCATION had left . I told him it had just left a few minutes ago . He got onto his phone and contacted Uber . He got his ride a few minutes later .	We have a bus stop in front of our building . One day two women sat on the bench waiting for the bus . The bus stop was fifty feet away from them . The bus passed right by the stop as no passengers were seen waiting . The women laughed it off and decided to walk .	The bus came to my stop . Several kids were walking inside . Since I woke up late to dress for school , I was n't near the stop . The bus left as soon as I was running to the stop . My parents took me to school since I missed the bus .	PERSON used to wait on a bus stop for a school bus every morning . This morning he came a little bit later than usual . He found out his bus left without him . He called his mom . She took him to school by car .
PERSON gets fired	PERSON was the manager of a restaurant . She had not been meeting the expectations of her job . She was careless in her work . Her boss fired her for talking on her phone too much . PERSON filed for unemployment at her local government office after .	PERSON is working hard at her job . PERSON is called into the boss 's office . PERSON is told she is being let go . PERSON is sad . PERSON leaves her job to look for another one .	PERSON was a hard working man . He did have a few bad habits also . PERSON was going to pull a prank on his boss . PERSON decided to mess up his office and lost important documents . PERSON went too far this time and had to be fired .	PERSON struggles to support his family . He often takes things home from work . PERSON 's boss finds out about this . PERSON is called into his boss 's office for a talk . PERSON is fired on the spot .	PERSON is a school janitor . PERSON forgets to clean the boys bathroom . The next day the boys complain about the bathroom . The principle asks him to come to his office . He fires PERSON for not cleaning the boys restroom .	PERSON is banker in a small town . PERSON needs money for clothes . PERSON feels he does n't earn enough . He decides to take some money from his bank . PERSON is caught and fired .	PERSON is a hardworking woman . She works in an office . PERSON is late to work one day . She continues to be late every other day . PERSON is fired due to her tardiness .	PERSON is a cook at a local Burger joint . PERSON 's boss has been keeping his eye on him lately . PERSON has been slacking a bit lately . One day PERSON decides to mouth off to his boss . PERSON was fired for cursing in front of customers .	PERSON is a cook . While at work PERSON begins cooking meals . While cooking a customer notices PERSON spitting in their food . They complain to the manger . PERSON gets fired from his job .
the lost dog	Our dog ran away . We looked everywhere for him . When we were tired of looking we sat on the porch . Suddenly we saw a man walking with our dog . He brought our dog back home !	PERSON woke up one morning to find that his dog Bear was missing . He ran downstairs and all around his house , yelling Bear 's name . Running outside in his pajamas he kept yelling for his dog Bear . He heard barking , so he ran as fast as he could towards the sound . There he found Bear playing with the neighbor 's dog .	I once had a dog named PERSON . PERSON was an Irish Terrier . One day I lost PERSON outside . I looked all over for PERSON . I found bob playing with the neighbors dog .	One day PERSON took the horse out and PERSON , the dog , followed . PERSON rode the horse out to the lonely places . PERSON and PERSON could hear coyotes howling in the distance . When PERSON came back , his father asked him , where 's the dog ? He went out and found PERSON on top of an old rusted car , howling !	PERSON found a dog near his house . He was really friendly and smart . PERSON did n't notice a collar or any identification . Several months later ken saw a sign for a similar looking missing dog . PERSON ignored it because he wanted to keep it .	When PERSON was seven her parents got her a puppy named Bumper . One day , while PERSON was at school , Bumper escaped their yard ! PERSON 's mom looked everywhere for Bumper . Her mom had to leave to go to the school to pick up PERSON . When she got there , PERSON and Bumper were waiting at the curb !	PERSON bought a new dog . One day he walked the dog in a huge forest . The dog scampered away into the bushes . Tim looked for an hour trying to find his dog . The dog finally appeared carrying the biggest stick ever .	PERSON lost his dog . He put up flyers everywhere . He posted about it online . Finally he got a call about it . Someone had run him over recently .	The smith family had a special dog . His name was spot . The family decided to go camping in the woods . When they awoke the next morning he was gone . The searched to the ends of the woods but could n't find him .
braces	PERSON had braces for two Year 's . After her braces came off her teeth looked wonderful . She remembers when the braces were first put on . She was depressed about it then . Now she can look back and be happy she had braces .	PERSON had braces put on when she started her junior year . A lot of people made fun of her during the school year . When her senior year came around , PERSON still had her braces on . PERSON finally graduated and she even had her braces removed . She went on to college with a smile and a lot of confidence .	I had crooked teeth when I was 12 . My dentist suggested I get braces . The orthodontist put the new braces on . The wait to see the final product was long . I was delighted with my new smile in the end though .	Michael could n't afford braces as a child . As an adult he decided to get some . It was awkward and strange . But the difference was worth it . Now he enjoys smiling more often .	PERSON could not afford braces as a child . As an adult , his crooked teeth bothered him . He saved his wages for months . then he went to get his braces put on . Finally , after many years , PERSON had a straight smile !	PERSON sucked his thumb . The habit was affecting his teeth . His mom tried to get him to stop . He kept sucking his thumb . PERSON eventually got braces to fix his teeth .	A wire from his braces was poking PERSON 's mouth . It hurt his mouth quite a bit . He put some wax on the wire . The wax felt good against his mouth . PERSON 's mouth felt better .	I had a crooked tooth . I went to the orthodontist a few times as a kid . My mom would check me out of school to go . She would take me out to eat . In a few months my tooth was straight .	PERSON received braces as a kid . After getting them off , she did n't wear her retainer . Her teeth moved drastically . She reached her 20 's with crooked teeth . Now she has to pay thousands of dollars for her young mistake .
books	PERSON was walking home from her college class . At an intersection , she noticed there was a hole in her backpack . Her books had fallen out without her noticing . She ran back the way she came and picked up all of her books . By the time she got back , it was time to go to school again .	There was a kid who loved to read books . He had so many books his bookcase was full . He decided he would have to stop collected . He went to the library a whole lot more now . He would read the books at the library .	PERSON found some vegetarian recipes online . But she decided she would rather have a book . She went to the local library after school to check out a book . She searched the books to decide which was best for her . When she could n't make up her mind she decided to check out 4 books .	PERSON wanted to write a book . He wrote one about science . He found he really liked to write . He wrote two more books . They sold a lot of copies .	Going to the bookstore was a spur of the moment decision . I spent over an hour just in the fantasy section None of the books I was waiting on had come out yet . I still found three books I wanted . I enjoyed the trip .	My friend PERSON and I send each other books . I sent him a 2666 , a modern classic . Today he sent me two books . One was a book I had sent him . We laughed about this .	I bought some books from a yard sale . I organized them alphabetically . I put them on the bookshelf . One fell onto the floor . I decided to sit down and read it .	PERSON was a freshman in college . He was struggling financially . He needed to buy books for the new semester . He could not afford the physical text books . He purchased the eBook versions and saved money .	PERSON wanted to be a librarian ever since she was little . Today , she will be taking her certification test to be a librarian . PERSON drove to the library , and went to a quiet room . She laid her belongings down on the table , and took her exam . She found out the next day that she had passed !
the farm	PERSON lived on a farm in LOCATION . He had no brothers and sisters so he played alone . He often played with the animals . People thought todd was strange because he talked to them more than pe . Years later these people brought their animals to the great vet PERSON .	PERSON bought some property . It was a farm . He wanted to have chickens and goats . He got started planting his crops . PERSON was pleased with his new land .	The class took a trip to see the farm . They looked at the animals and the crops . They learned how to collect the eggs from the chicken coop . When it was time to leave , PERSON announced that she was going to plant . The class learned a lot on their trip !	Same went to visit his uncle at the farm . He woke up early because of the roosters . There was slow internet and no reception . He was bored and hated it . He was excited to finally leave .	PERSON was sad . Her grandfather had just passed away . Her family was going to the funeral . At the funeral they found out something that helped . PERSON 's family was inheriting her grandfather 's farm .	The cows wore bells that tinkled as they moved . PERSON was not used to this as he came from the city . One day he decided to throw all the bells out . Twenty minutes after he did this the farmer ran out screaming . PERSON was told to leave and never return .	The PERSON 's lived on a farm out in the country . They had many different types of animals . One day , a man stopped by their farm and asked to speak with them . He said that was a writing a song and hoped they might help him . He eventually wrote a song about their farm which was loved by many .	PERSON grew up on a family farm . His father got very sick and passed away . The farm was left to PERSON after his father died . He decided to take care of the farm . PERSON struggled and eventually had to sell .	The kids were going to visit their grandparents . The grandparents lived on a farm . They grew crops and raised animals . They kids always had a lot of fun . It was a great time for everyone .
gymnastics	I really enjoy participating in gymnastics . I started when I was in Kindergarten . My favorite area to practice on is the balance beam . I think it 's my favorite because it 's what I 'm best at doing . As a result , I do n't practice the vault as often and do n't excel here .	PERSON wanted to become an olympic gymnast . He asked his parents to enroll him in a gymnastics club . PERSON trained hard and kept his nutrition in check . Eventually , PERSON tried out for the olympic squad . Unfortunately , PERSON was n't good enough and his dreams were crushed .	PERSON put on a shiny leotard . She pulled her hair back into a ponytail . PERSON drove to the gymnasium . She checked in with her coach . PERSON went on the floor mats to do her gymnastics routine .	Teddy hoped to be a star at gymnastics . He began taking classes at the local YMCA . Teddy 's instructor was harsh , but very skilled . Teddy felt that he was learning a lot . Teddy continued improving and his dream followed him much of his life .	My daughter wants to take gymnastics classes . She has started to enjoy it since watching the olympics . I called around a few places close by . It is really expensive to send her . I think I may try out a month .	My little girl decided she wanted to be a gymnast . We signed her up at a gym . She tried to do flips , tumbles and the balance beam . It was a lot harder than it looked . Now my daughter wants to be a dancer !	PERSON knew it was up to her . The rest of her team and already gone and it was her time . She got up on the balance beam . She performed an amazing routine . The judges scores came in , her team had won !	I was always very good at gymnastics , I loved it . There was a big gymnastics meet coming up and I needed to be ready . I practiced for hours , so that I could do my best . On the day of the competition I performed my routine . My hard work paid off , because I won the competition .	PERSON is great at gymnastics . She has a competition coming up . PERSON practiced every day until the competition . She did very well at the competition . She brought home a gold medal .
chores	PERSON has a lot of chores . Her parents give her an allowance . She makes sure to get them all done . She likes to save her money . One day she plans to buy a cellular phone .	PERSON had to clean her room before she could go out to play . She did n't want to spend her afternoon cleaning . PERSON picked everything up and hid it under her bed instead . She ran outside , but her mom was suspicious about how fast she was . PERSON 's mom found her mess and made PERSON come back inside .	PERSON asked her parents for an allowance . They talked it over . They agreed that if she did chores , she could get an allowance . PERSON agreed . She was happy to have an income now !	PERSON 's house is a mess . PERSON decides to start cleaning . He picks up trash from the floor . PERSON disposes of the trash . His house is much cleaner .	PERSON woke up early to start her day . She stripped all the sheets off the beds . She did all the laundry . She washed the dishes and cleaned the kitchen . By noon , she was exhausted but the house was spotless .	PERSON wanted to go to a party that weekend . His dad said he could go if he did all his chores . PERSON went right to work cleaning and scrubbing . He got all his work done by Friday night . Then PERSON happily headed out to the party !	PERSON hates to do chores . He finds them to be boring . His mother wants him to do chores . She gives a choice , chores or the street . He decided chores were better .	PERSON hated to do chores with her parents . She was told to clean the bathroom . Instead , PERSON slept in the bathtub all day rather than cleaning . PERSON was grounded when her parents found out she had n't worked . PERSON decided to never skip out on doing chores again .	PERSON hated chores , especially washing dishes . But she took a job as a dishwasher after school to earn money . She saw how hard and tiring it was to wash dishes constantly . She went home and saw her poor mom struggling to do the same thing . After that , PERSON did the dishes every day without being asked .
the writer	Tim always loved reading and writing . He decided to try and write a book . It took him a long time . Not many people read it . PERSON was disappointed and gave up writing .	PERSON hear a great fuss in his book shop . He ran over to the mystery section where the sound was . A man was laughing to himself and writing in books . PERSON demanded for the man to stop what he was doing . The man said he was the author and PERSON could n't stop him .	PERSON loved to write . He wrote for hours every day . His friends would complain they never saw him . PERSON finally finished several books . They sold really well and now PERSON has a lot of money and fame .	One of my favorite things to do is write . I write as much as I can and all types too . I write fan fiction , short stories , and full movie scripts . Maybe one day I 'll submit them into some festivals . For now though I 'm just enjoying it as a hobby .	One day PERSON found a short story left on her desk in Math class . The next day , there was another story . Every day for two weeks she found a story on her desk . She enjoyed the stories and wondered who wrote them . She was surprised to find that her best friend , PERSON , was the writer .	PERSON wanted to be a writer , she wanted to go and experience to life . She enrolled in a MFA program and moved to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . She hung out with other writers , and got to know the city well . At the end of the two years , PERSON owed a lot of student loan money . She had to quit writing for a steady 9-5 job .	When she grew up PERSON wanted to be a writer . She was on the school newspaper in high school and college . She graduated college and applied for many jobs . PERSON finally landed a job at a large newspaper . PERSON was happy and stayed at this position for many Year 's .	PERSON had loved writing since she was a child . She had won multiple junior poetry competitions . Words had always come easily to her . Now she did n't know what to say . She stood on stage speechless , clutching her award .	PERSON came up with an idea for a novel . He sat down and began to sketch out his ideas for the story . When he had the story worked out , he began to write the story . After writing the story , the writer 's computer broke randomly . The writer decided to give up on the idea for the novel .
long wait	A man sat in the waiting room . He waited for his turn to see the doctor . His doctor called him in . The man complained about the wait . The doctor apologized .	The sniper hid in the grass for hours waiting for his target to show . He pulled out his maps to see if he was in the right place . The target was supposed to show up 500 meters in front of him . Light rain began to fall from the sky . The sniper readjusted his scope for the rain and waited some more .	I went to the airport yesterday . I was waiting for a very long time . It was annoying . Finally though I was able to leave . But it was six hours later .	PERSON was found guilty of murder and sentenced to 20 years in jail . PERSON spent his time carving at his wall to make an escape tunnel . Three years into his sentence he was able to escape . The guards did not realize he was gone until the next day . PERSON did n't stop running until he was 100 miles away from the jail .	I went to the airport yesterday . It was such a long wait . I was quite irritated . Finally I got to the terminal . I really had to rush .	PERSON loved the half life games . He had been waiting years for a new one . It was finally announced that it would come out . PERSON excitedly bought it as soon as he could . It was even better than expected .	PERSON was being transferred to a store near her home . The new store decided not to hire PERSON . PERSON was upset to be without a job . She called her old store and asked to be re-hired . PERSON was sad to hear she had already been replaced .	PERSON only had rolled oats to eat at his house . But it was too hot to make oatmeal . So he decided to order some sandwiches . After waiting for hours , they finally arrived . But by then , the weather was cool enough to eat oatmeal .	PERSON and her dad love Star Wars . The new movie is about to show in 2 days . They decide to wait in front of the theater for tickets . When they get there , they see a line of campers . PERSON and her dad were able to wait and got tickets .
bingo	PERSON went to bingo with her granny once a month . She felt frustrated because she never won . Just once she wanted to get to shout out bingo . As she sat with her card , the caller called her missing number . She yelled bingo at the top of her lungs !	PERSON bought his bingo cards at the Moose Lodge prior to the game . He sat with his cards and his dab paint , and waited for the numbers . The game began , and quickly PERSON began to cover his card . PERSON had one number left to be called , and finally it was drawn . PERSON claimed his prize and decided to play again .	PERSON and her Grandma went to bingo one day . They stood in line and bought their papers . They sat down and begin to play . After a couple games of not winning , the started to lose hope . Then they won the last game and went home happy !	PERSON has been playing bingo at the local church for years . He never wins anything . But his luck finally turns around when he wins $ 500 . PERSON decides to stop wasting money by quitting while he is ahead . PERSON never plays bingo again .	PERSON went to bingo at church with her grandma . She went every now and then but she had never won . She looked forward to the day she would get to yell bingo . She had all the numbers on her card . She yelled bingo at the top of her lungs .	Once a month PERSON went to the church hall with her grandmother . They would play bingo together . PERSON was frustrated that she had never one . One day all she needed was B4 . She yelled bingo at the top of her lungs when B4 was called .	PERSON loved playing bingo at her retirement home . Her favorite bingo number was I-29 . When it was called she laughed every time . She said I wish I was 29 ! Her friends wished they were 29 also .	PERSON and PERSON met at bingo every Wednesday . PERSON had n't shown up this night and had never called . After bingo was over PERSON went over to her house . She pulled up just in time to see the ambulance pulling away . PERSON never did win anything on bingo nights .	PERSON loved to play bingo . PERSON asked her friend PERSON to go play bingo with her . PERSON agreed to go with her . She had never played the game before . PERSON won a game that night .
petting zoo	PERSON took her kids to the new petting zoo . They had just opened last week . They had a few different animals there . You were able to feed them . The kids loved it .	PERSON was enjoying her trip to the petting zoo . The lambs and the piglets were very sweet . But the goats were being very pushy . When her back was turned one stole her bucket of food . She did n't have anything left for the other animals after that .	PERSON loved animals . Her parents took her to a petting zoo . PERSON was excited and played with all the animals . She fed several as well . PERSON did n't want to leave at closing time .	PERSON loved animals . She was excited to go to the petting zoo . The first animal she tried to pet attacked her . Another tried to bite her . PERSON still loved animals after , but was more protective around them .	PERSON took her son to a petting zoo . There , he pet cows and goats , sheep and rabbits . He even saw a cow being milked ! When he got home , all he could talk about was the zoo ! PERSON was glad she 'd given her son such a wonderful time .	PERSON always wanted to go to a petting zoo . He got his wish for his twelfth birthday . His parents took him and his friends to one . There he got bit by the first animal he tried to pet . Now he hates petting zoos .	For PERSON 's birthday her parents took her to the petting zoo . She loved animals so she was very excited . She had a bucket of grain to feed to the goats and baby sheep . One of them tried to get the whole bucket from her ! They were not very polite but she guessed they were just hungry .	PERSON 's class went to the petting zoo . Everyone had a little bucket of food for the animals . As she was feeding a little goat from her hand she felt a shove . A bigger goat knocked the food right out of her other hand . Then he ate all the rest of the food by himself .	My grandma took me to a petting zoo when I was three years old . I was so happy to go , despite being a clueless toddler . We went over by the goats and lamb to pet them . All the sudden , a goat bit my grandma 's skirt and pulled ! We both laughed so hard and still have that picture .
bees	I 'm not very fond of bees . When I was younger , I accidentally stepped on a bee 's nest . They were pretty upset , and stung me a few times . That would have been the end of it , but it turns out I was allergic ! I ended up spending a night in the hospital .	They noticed bees in the house even those spring had just started . They were so confused as to where they could have been coming from . So they called an exterminator and he came out to take a look . It ends up being their was a nest and they had hibernated . They were taken care of eventually but it was a crazy site .	PERSON was scared of bees ! One night a bee got into her room . She yelled and ran out quickly . She made her dad go in and get rid of the bee . Only then would I go back in her room .	I was tending to my garden . My kumquat tree had just bloomed . I went to go tend to it . I realized there were hundreds of bees swarming the tree . I realized I should be careful during blooming season !	One day , my baseball team had a game at a park . When it was my turn to bat , I walked up to the plate . Suddenly , three bees came out of nowhere and stung me . We found a giant beehive under the dugout . The game was postponed until exterminators killed the bees .	PERSON was out playing in the field . Suddenly , a crunching noise was heard under her foot . She accidentally stepped on a fallen beehive . A swarm of angry bees flew at her . Sue did n't stop running until she was safe in her home .	PERSON was very scared of bees . After she was stung as a little kid she feared them . One day , she saw one in the wild . She saw how harmless they were . Now , PERSON enjoys watching bees in nature .	PERSON had always been fascinated by bees after learning about them . She asked her mom if she could visit a beekeeper to learn more . Her mother took her to visit a beekeeper . PERSON spent the entire day learning about bees . PERSON decided she will be a beekeeper when she grows up to help bees .	There were bees outside . I do not like bees much . I went outside to check the mail . The bees left me alone . I did not get stung by bees .
PERSON gets caught	PERSON needs money . PERSON has an idea . He goes to the bank . He tries to rob the bank . He is caught and taken to jail .	PERSON had forgotten to study for his vocabulary quiz that day . Quickly , at the start of class , he made a cheat sheet . During the test , he used it carefully . He was not careful enough though , and his teacher caught him . PERSON got kicked out of the school and became a failure .	PERSON wanted to go to the park , but his mom said no . PERSON decided to sneak out and go to the park anyway . PERSON 's mom caught him sneaking out and grounded him for a month . PERSON felt silly for disobeying his mom after that . He decided it was better to follow the rules then break them .	PERSON was thinking of cheating on his test . He was so nervous . He did n't want to cheat but he did n't study . PERSON glanced over at another classmate 's paper . The teacher came up behind him and caught him !	PERSON is a 10 year old boy . He really wants candy . He has no money . He decides to steal some candy while nobody is looking . He gets caught and punished .	PERSON was not very good at school . He had a huge test coming up . He did not study at all for it . The day of the test is here and PERSON starts the test . PERSON is nervous and is caught cheating off another student .	PERSON is a good worker at his retail store . He is not making enough money to clothe his kids . PERSON decides to take a few extra clothes from the racks . PERSON is caught with them walking out the door . PERSON is fired and arrested for theft .	PERSON likes a boy . PERSON wants to see him . PERSON waits for her parents to sleep . PERSON sneaks out of the house . Her father is waiting at the door to catch her .	PERSON always bragged to his friends about doing reckless things . He often did dangerous and illegal things . Today he decided to steal a coat from a department store . As he walked out with the coat however , a guard stopped him . PERSON got arrested , and he learned not to do illegal things anymore .
the audition	PERSON saw that a local theatre company was doing her favorite play . She found a monologue that was similar to her favorite character . She rehearsed by herself and with her acting teacher . Her audition went considerably well . The director called her and told her she got the part .	PERSON wanted to go to college and study music . She worked hard to prepare an audition piece to sing . At her audition , she sang for the professors and took a music test . The professors were impressed by her audition . The offered her a music scholarship to the college .	PERSON was scheduled to audition for Beauty and the Beast . She prepared for days leading up to the audition , even in the car ! As her name was called she became very nervous . Because of her preparation , her song audition was beautiful . Although she did n't get the part she was , she was honored to be cast .	PERSON practiced for months for the audition to a play . She entered the audition with confidence that she would get the role . It would be two days till they announced who got the roles . She waited nervously those two days . PERSON did not get the role .	PERSON was very nervous . The day of the audition had arrived . She had been dancing all her life and was ready for the challenge . They called her name and she began to dance . The judges were blown away .	PERSON auditioned for a role in a car commercial . She practiced her one line night and day . At the audition she wowed the director with her acting prowess . So wowed that he offered her a role in his next commercial too . She nailed the next commercial as well and now she is famous .	PERSON is a music major at a university . PERSON knows she has an audition tomorrow . PERSON 's friend 's invited her to a party . PERSON attends the party instead of practicing for her audition . PERSON performs very poorly at her audition .	PERSON wanted to play the role of PERSON in her school play . She went over the script for weeks in preparation . At the audition she was perfect . PERSON stood nervously with the others waiting to hear who made the cut . When her name was read as PERSON PERSON let out a shout of joy .	PERSON had always dreamed about auditioning for an acting role . She had performed in many plays during middle school . PERSON found out a local agency was holding auditions for a new play . PERSON was nervous but she decided to go an audition . She went to the audition and to her surprise won the leading role .
PERSON 's wedding	PERSON tried on her dress for her wedding . To her shock , the dress was too small . Luckily a seamstress was right down the street . The emergency modifications were made . PERSON looked beautiful in her dress .	PERSON always wanted to get married . She dreamt about the ceremony since childhood . In her thirties she met the love of her life . Her partner did not want to get married . Sadly , PERSON decided not to have a wedding .	PERSON was having her wedding . She wanted everything to go perfectly . Someone ended up tripping into one of the tables . The entire wedding ended up being a disaster . PERSON was extremely sad that her big day was ruined .	PERSON 's wedding was approaching and she was nervous . All of her friends tried to calm her down constantly . When it was the day of the wedding she was even more nervous . She put on her dress and did her hair with her friends . Everything went fine during the wedding and she was super happy !	PERSON was incredibly stressed trying to plan her wedding . There were seemingly hundreds of decisions to make . Every day her planner called her and che was writing so many checks . PERSON called her fiance and suggested they just elope . A week later they were in LOCATION on their honeymoon .	Last week PERSON was marrying Harry . PERSON was there . PERSON is one of PERSON 's old college friends . During the reception PERSON kissed PERSON . PERSON was thrown out of the reception .	It 's PERSON 's wedding day . Her dress is nowhere in site . She panics and calls her mother to ask where it is . Her mother tells her she is on her way with the dress . Mother arrives in time and saves the wedding .	PERSON was very excited because it was the day of her wedding . Her parents were going to fly in from another country . PERSON was worried because their flight was already delayed . In the end they were not able to make it on that day . PERSON had to postpone her wedding until the next day .	PERSON is getting married . She always wanted to have a big wedding . She planned a big reception party . She is happy that her dreams came true . All of her friends and family are coming .
illness	PERSON loved tennis . She was the star of her team . She got sick and could not play for three weeks . She worked hard to get her game back . She eventually won the school tournament .	PERSON felt weak after having the flu . He wanted to play soccer but his coach made him sit out . His coach gave him a workout regime instead . PERSON followed the regime exactly . He was able to get back on the field after a week .	He went to the hospital with an upper respiratory infection . After a week , he was n't getting any better . He developed a tear in his stomach lining and began to bleed . The doctor said he was too weak for an operation . He passed away two days later .	PERSON and his family ordered Chinese one night . They all ate heartily . But the next morning , they were all feeling ill . They had gotten food poisoning from the Chinese food ! PERSON and his parents had to miss school and work that day .	I went to see the doctor when I knew it was bad . I had n't eaten in nearly a week . I told him I felt afraid of food in my body . He told me I was developing an eating disorder . He instructed me to get some help .	PERSON had a big tennis match coming up . She was the star player . PERSON had been out for a week with the flu and was still weak . Her coach gave her extra time to practice . She came back and won every match .	PERSON felt weak all of the time . She went to the doctor who ran some tests on her . A week later , the doctor told her that she had cancer . PERSON was treated aggressively with the most modern drugs . She made a full recovery .	PERSON decided to take a trip to the LOCATION . While on her trip , PERSON was bitten by a mosquito . PERSON started to feel ill after being bitten . PERSON went to the hospital upon her return home . PERSON was diagnosed with the Zika virus .	PERSON became dehydrated after being sick . He was the star quarterback and wanted to play in the game . The coach was concerned about this health and benched him . PERSON finally got back in better health . He was able to play again and helped win the next game .
PERSON 's shoes	PERSON always wore the same shoes . They were black with white laces . He needed a new pair badly . He was finally convinced to buy a new pair . PERSON finally bought a black pair with black laces for work .	PERSON wanted new shoes . She told her mom . Her mom told her to wait till friday . PERSON began to cry . When friday came PERSON and her mom went to the shoe store .	PERSON had always had back pain after working . His job required him to stand for a long time . Finally a coworker recommended he buy a new pair of shoes . PERSON bought new shoes that were very comfortable . Finally his back pain was gone .	PERSON is a high school teacher . His students liked to tease PERSON . He figured it was his shoes . PERSON bought a nice new pair of shoes . They no longer had a reason to tease PERSON .	PERSON was playing outside . He tripped over a rock . Both of his shoes came off . He picked up both shoes . He put his shoes back on his feet .	PERSON built himself a pair of shoes . His friends admired his shoes . PERSON built some shoes for his friends . People began asking PERSON if they could buy some shoes . PERSON opened his own shoe store .	PERSON put on his shoes . The lace was missing on one of the shoes . PERSON checked his room for a spare lace . He could n't find another place for the shoe . PERSON put on a different pair of shoes .	PERSON needed new ballet shoes . Her old shoes were beginning to fall apart . This was affecting her dancing . Her father lent her the money for shoes . After her first dance show , she paid him back .	PERSON loved to craft leather . One day she tried to craft a pair of shoes . A man came into her workshop and was amazed with them . He offered her a job as a professional shoe designer ! She accepted and has been making the latest shoe designs !
monopoly	PERSON was very good at Monopoly . One day , her 8th grade class played Monopoly . She very confidently played the game . Soon she had all the properties on the board . Her class did not enjoy losing so badly .	PERSON and greg were playing monopoly . They got really heated in the game . In the end , PERSON won . PERSON got very bitter about it . They stopped being friends .	PERSON wanted to play Monopoly . Her three brothers agreed to play with her . She bought all of the properties that she landed on . PERSON put hotels on all of the properties she could . Her three brothers quickly went bankrupt and she won the game .	It was a rainy and gloomy day . The family decided to play a board game . They decided on Monopoly . The game went on and on . It finally ended when one player got Park Place and Boardwalk .	I hate when businesses are trying to become a monopoly . This makes me want to boycott the company completely . Recently , a tech company bought a lot of smaller companies out . This made me very furious . I now avoid the tech company .	PERSON always won at Monopoly . PERSON said he could beat PERSON . We organized a Monopoly game Saturday night . PERSON was winning . Then PERSON caught PERSON cheating .	PERSON loved playing monopoly . PERSON would often play monopoly with her cousins . PERSON was so good his cousin told her she should play in a tournament . PERSON signed up for it . PERSON won the tournament .	PERSON played a board game with his friends most Friday nights . This week they were playing Monopoly , which he was terrible at . Tonight his luck was good and he managed to buy the best properties . Finally only he and one other person was left in the game . His friend landed on PERSON 's most expensive property , ending the game .	I played Monopoly with my kids last night . I am very competitive , so I did n't go easy on them . It did n't take long for me to beat them all . I bought up all the properties I could and put hotels on them . In the end , I bankrupted everyone .
drink	PERSON was camping with her dad . They spent a great night in a tent in the woods . But in the morning they realized they 'd forgotten their bottled water ! PERSON searched and finally found a cool clear stream . She and her dad knelt and drank until they were satiated !	PERSON was really thirsty . He went in the kitchen . He opened up the refrigerator . PERSON took out some water . He drank it to quench his thirst .	The man mixed a drink . It tasted very good . His friend asked for one . The man made his friend a drink . His friend gave the drink it 's own name .	I ordered my favorite drink this morning . Unfortunately , I forgot my wallet at home . Embarrassed , I walked away . The man behind me paid for my drink . I thanked him for his kindness .	I wanted something to drink . I could n't find any ice . I did n't want to drink a room temperature soda . I ended up getting a glass of water . I sipped the water all day because I did n't like the taste .	PERSON loved to drink . He would drink almost anything . One day , he decided he wanted some lemonade . He searched everywhere and could not find it . Eventually , he found some at his mom 's house .	PERSON went through the drive through of the mexican restaurant . He ordered a burrito and a side of beans . The lady at the window handed him his bag , but PERSON dropped it . He opened his truck door to pick it up , but hit the wall . PERSON was embarrassed and drove away without his burrito .	I was on a bench in front of my building . I was reading a book and drinking soda . A cab pulled up with a man and a 4 year old child . The child ran over and drank from my soda . I laughed and gave him the can .	She wanted to stop drinking sodas . She went to the store and bought a case of water bottles . She put them back after thinking about it . She bought a reusable bottle instead . She filled them with fruit and water to drink .
new dress	PERSON wanted a new dress . She decided to make one instead of buying one . She bought fabric and a great pattern . She was able to design the dress of her dreams . She loved her new dress .	Sue needed a new dress . She did not have enough money to buy one . She did have enough for fabric . Sue decided to buy fabric and make a dress . She made her dream dress and was happy .	PERSON needed a dress for her event . She could not find one anywhere . She finally found the perfect one . However , it was too expensive . PERSON was disappointed she could n't buy it .	PERSON wanted a new dress . She did n't have enough money for the one she wanted . She decided to keep shopping . She finally found another one . She ended up liking it even more .	PERSON just got a new dress . She was very excited about it . On her first night out wearing it her friend wore the same . He friend looked better in it than she did . PERSON never wore the dress again .	PERSON wanted a new dress . She did not have the money for one . She asked her mom . Her mom told her to get a job and save . PERSON finally got enough to buy a new dress .	PERSON made plans to go to the dance in her new dress . On the night of the dance she got in the backseat with her friends . One of the girls decided to open a large bottle of red wine . PERSON took a drink as the car began to roll down the street . The tire hit a pothole causing wine to ruin PERSON 's new dress .	PERSON wanted to impress everyone . She decided she needed a new dress to do so . Instead of buying a dress , she decided to make one . She found the perfect pattern and fabric . Everyone was in awe of her dress .	PERSON dressed herself in the morning . She went downstairs for breakfast . Her mom thought the outfit was funny . PERSON started to cry . Her mom helped her find a new outfit .
vacation	PERSON was more than ready for vacation . Her suitcase was packed and by the door . Tickets were in her purse . The taxi was outside . She 'd be on the beach in just a few hours .	My husband surprised me with a trip to LOCATION ! I am so happy because it is my favorite place to visit . We are flying out in a few hours . He is taking me to LOCATION LOCATION to see PERSON . It will be so much fun to enjoy the LOCATION sun !	PERSON was excited for her vacation in LOCATION . She had been dreaming of it for months . When she arrived , it was as beautiful as she imagined . She decided to buy some food from a street vendor . PERSON felt sick to her stomach almost immediately .	PERSON was excited for summer vacation . He and his family were going to LOCATION for the summer . when he was in LOCATION he got really sick . He spent the summer in the hospital . PERSON was glad to be healthy and back to school .	PERSON PLANNED A VACATION FOR HER AND HER HUSBAND , JOHN . THEY LEFT FOR FLORIDA THE FOLLOWING DAY . AFTER ARRIVING , THEY REALIZED THE BEACH WAS CLOSED . THEY SPENT MOST OF THE VACATION INSIDE THEIR HOTEL . AFTER RETURNING HOME , PERSON TELLS JILL HE WILL PLAN THE NEXT VACATION .	The PERSON family went to the beach every summer . This year they decided to do something different . They decided to go to the mountains . The kids were not happy at first . However , the vacation ended up being fun and memorable .	PERSON and his family went on vacation . It was PERSON 's first trip , and he hated the long plane ride . But when they arrived , all his woes were forgotten . They were at Disney World ! PERSON had a wonderful time !	The Smiths always go camping over spring break . This year they want to go somewhere else . They voted on a new place and chose the beach . They rented a condo and loved it . Now they want to make the beach a new tradition .	PERSON was planning her summer vacation . She worked after school at a restaurant . She saved all her money for a place ticket . In the summer she flew to LOCATION . She had a great time on her beach vacation !
song	Misty loved to sing . She also liked PERSON . She wrote a song about PERSON . Now Misty and PERSON date . They are even going to have a child soon !	PERSON got a song stuck in his head . He tried to distract himself by watching TV . He managed to forget about the song . A commercial came on with a catchy tune . PERSON raged as another song got stuck in his head .	I put a quarter in the jukebox . I selected an old Eagles song . After a minute everyone in the bar was up dancing . When the song ended everyone looked at me . I started humming to myself as I left .	The boy wrote a song . He sung it to his mom . His mom liked the song . She entered it into a contest . The boy won the contest with his song .	The band wanted to write a new song . They thought of the title first . For some reason , they could n't make the song . They took a break . After that , they were fine and wrote it	PERSON really wanted to write a song for her boyfriend . She compared lyrics from all her favorite bands . She started to write down lyrics but it did n't seem right . After days and days of work her song was finished . Her boyfriend loved it so much !	PERSON was writing a new song . It was about her relationship . She needed more inspiration . She took a walk . She finished the song .	I wanted to know the name of the song I heard in my head I hummed it out loud but still could not name the song . I sung it for my friends and family but they did not know it either . I searched through old CDs hoping I would find the song . I called a radio station , hummed them the song , now I know the song .	A song played on the radio . The man had not heard the song before . He liked the song . He called the radio . They told him the name of the artist .
ring	One day PERSON found that his wedding ring was missing . He looked all over the house for it . He even cleaned the entire house while looking for it . His wife came home and he was afraid to tell her . She told him that she had taken it to get cleaned .	PERSON hurried home from work early . His wife had called him , hysterically sobbing . She had lost her wedding ring down the drain ! PERSON came home and took the pipe off the drain . There , he found the ring caught in the U-bend .	PERSON wanted a ring for Christmas . She hinted to her husband for months beforehand . But on Christmas , he presented her with a huge box ! She opened it , and found another box - and another and another . Inside the eighth box was the exact ring she had wanted !	PERSON wanted to get a ring for the girl of his dreams . He did n't have the slightest clue of where to start . He tried looking around for appraisals . He felt ultimately defeated as they were all pricey . However , his widowed mom came through and gave him hers .	PERSON 's wedding ring fell into the faucet . The ring fell too far for her to reach . Luckily she used to be a trained plumber . She frustratingly took apart the upper pipes of her faucet . Although her ring was dirty , she was happy to be able to retrieve it .	I took my wedding ring off to clean it . I accidentally dropped it on the ground . It rolled away into a corner . I searched and found the ring . I put it back on my finger .	PERSON had just recently gotten married . She wore her wedding ring wherever she went . However , one day she misplaced it . She felt terrible that she could be so forgetful . Luckily , she found it tucked away in her purse later on .	PERSON was given her grandmother 's ring to wear as a wedding ring . She tried it on , but it was too large . She sent it to a jeweler . There , the ring was sized a little smaller . When it was finished , it fit PERSON 's finger perfectly !	The man put on the ring . It was hard to get on . He wanted to get it back off . It would not come off . He had to grease his finger to get it off .
new clothes	PERSON had just lost a lot of weight . He had shed 50 pounds through diet and exercise . He went to the mall to buy new clothes . He bought a new shirt and pants . His girlfriend thought he looked great in his new clothes .	PERSON needed clothes for his history presentation . He went into the store looking for a purple shirt . PERSON only saw one purple shirt that he really wanted . He tried the shirt on in the dressing room . The shirt was three sizes too small .	PERSON lost 50 pounds and her clothes no longer fit . She decided to get some new jeans for her new body . She was loving her reflection as she tried on jeans . She was really proud of her new figure . PERSON was so impressed she bought new jeans and new shirts as well .	PERSON needed new clothes . She told her mom . They went on a shopping spree . PERSON was able to get new outfits . She was glad her mom took her .	PERSON and PERSON were shopping for clothes at the mall . But PERSON wanted to go into a store that sold goth clothes . PERSON began to feel uncomfortable inside the store . And she felt strange when PERSON brought goth clothing items . PERSON thought PERSON was too weird to hang around with anymore .	PERSON 's washer stopped working one day , but she needed clean clothes . She did n't know how to fix a washer , and the repairman was busy . PERSON asked the repairman to come later that week , and he said OK . Then , PERSON went to the mall and bought herself some new outfits ! She had fun splurging , and she got her washer fixed eventually .	Angel got a big bonus for all of her hard work at her job . She decided to treat herself , but was n't sure how . She chose to go shopping . She wanted new clothes anyhow . She went online and found a few outfits she liked and bought them .	PERSON was middle aged and over the last few years had gained weight . She always struggled with going on diets that did not work . PERSON 's friend gave her a gift card for her birthday . She went to the mall and bought some new clothes that fit her well . PERSON felt great in her new clothes despite her weight .	PERSON needed a new pair of pants for work . She did n't have a lot of money , so she went to a thrift store . She could n't find any pants there in her size . There was a pair that was a size too small , so she bought them . PERSON was uncomfortable the first day of her new job .
surprise party	It was PERSON 's birthday today . Unknown to him , his friends had all planned a surprise party for him . They had all gathered to surprise him at a local bar . The lights were out and he walked in . Surprise they all shouted in unison !	PERSON was about to turn 30 . She was not expecting much . Her friends told her to meet for dinner at her favorite restaurant . She arrived on time . When she got there , a surprise party awaited .	PERSON had to work on his birthday . He trudged home in the late afternoon , tired and bummed . He wished he could 've celebrated his birthday . But when he got home , dozens of people jumped out at him . PERSON grinned as he saw his surprise party !	I decided to throw my Mom a surprise birthday party . She once told me she have n't had a party since her 10th birthday . I secretly invited all her close family , friends and colleagues . The look on her face was priceless when she seen everyone . I was so glad the party turned out to be a night to remember !	It was PERSON 's birthday , but she was so depressed . She had moved to a new town , and had no one to celebrate with . PERSON wondered if she had made a mistake moving away from her friends . She worried she would n't be able to make new friends . Her worries vanished when her new neighbors threw her a party !	My daughter 's old college roommate PERSON turned 30 last September . PERSON lives in CA while my daughter is in LOCATION . PERSON 's dad paid for my daughter to attend a surprise birthday party . PERSON was shocked when my daughter appeared . PERSON was very happy on her birthday .	When I turned 21 my boyfriend threw me a surprise party . I had no idea about the party at all ! To divert my attention he took me to a baseball game . I do n't like baseball and complained that I wanted to leave . After I found out I felt terrible , but the party was great !	PERSON loved her boyfriend . His birthday was coming up . She decided to throw him a surprise party . PERSON 's boyfriend had no idea . He was very happily surprised .	PERSON was sad because she thought nobody remembered her birthday . And throughout the day no one acknowledged it . But at 6 PM , her family brought a cake to her room and began singing . PERSON was so happy and thankful . She never forgot that surprise party .
secret santa	PERSON was walking through his school hallway . He noticed a banner for a secret santa program . PERSON signed up and received his secret santa 's name . PERSON bought a present and waited for weeks . He finally exchanged with his partner before Christmas break .	PERSON 's work was doing a secret santa project . PERSON signed up to participate . He got his boss ! He bought his boss a tie . PERSON 's secret santa bought him a tie , too !	PERSON was signed up for a secret santa . She received her match . Then , she spied on her match 's social media and wish list . Finally , she picked a present . She had it sent to her match .	My family decided to try something new for Christmas . They decided we would draw names out of a hat and buy one gift . I drew my crazy uncle PERSON 's name out of the hat . The only thing I knew that he loved was the show Cops and beer . So I bought him too much beer and he ended up on Cops season 27 .	4 Friends were playing secret santa . PERSON had to give PERSON a gift . He did not know what to give . He ended up buying a nice notebook PERSON pretended to like it .	Kia signed up for a Secret Santa program at work . She ended up drawing a friend 's name . But she had no idea who had gotten her name . All week she received lovely gifts . She was surprised when she discovered it was her boss all along !	I always hated secret santa . I never knew what was cool to by a complete stranger . In fourth grade I got a boy named PERSON , who I had never spoken to . I bought him an Usher album . Turned out he did n't even speak English .	PERSON 's family plays secret santa every year . PERSON was assigned to be his sister 's secret santa . His sister loves coloring . PERSON got his sister a coloring book and a box of crayons . His sister loved her secret santa gift .	I gave my gift to sally . She was amazed at it since she needed a toaster . When PERSON gave her gift to me , I was beyond excited . It was a set of Spanish Language books . I immediately began studying .
play	PERSON went to Time square He was about to watch a broadway play . He had to wait a long line . He went in to see Phantom of the Opera . He was amazed the entire time .	PERSON went to see a terrifying play . Everyone died or was tortured and hurt in some way . While the rest of the audience cringed and cried , she laughed . Her hysterics got her kicked out and asked never to come back . PERSON still thinks it 's the funniest play she ever saw .	Cad wanted to go hiking . He asked his friends , but they were n't interested . Then he had another idea . He asked his little brother PERSON to go . PERSON agreed , and the two had a great time !	The kids put on a play . A lot of parents were in the audience . They were taking pictures of the kids . This distracted the kids . The teacher asked the parents not to take pictures .	PERSON wrote her very own play . Then she staged a performance for her mom and grandma . At first they were puzzled - how could one person put on a whole play ? But as they watched PERSON perform , they were impressed . At the end , they all agreed PERSON had done a great job !	The girl was scared to go outside . Her mom encouraged her to go . She ended up going . She met other kids . They were all nice and played with her .	The kids were playing outside . They played a game with sticks . Some of the kids pretended to be knights . They had imaginary horses and stormed the imaginary castle . They had a lot of fun playing that day .	PERSON was playing hopscotch . He drew the grid with chalk . Then he tried to hop across it . But his foot caught and he fell ! PERSON toppled to the ground and scraped his knee .	PERSON wanted to be an actress , so she auditioned for her school play . She was awarded the second lead role ! But then she saw what drudgery acting really was . The rehearsals and constant practice tired her out . PERSON decided acting really was n't for her , after all .
LOCATION LOCATION	When he was little PERSON father took him to the LOCATION LOCATION . It was his father 's favorite place . PERSON father died but before he died he told PERSON to cremate him . Then throw the ashes in the LOCATION LOCATION . That 's exactly what PERSON did .	Richard really enjoyed traveling . His friends decided it would be a good time to take a trip . They make their way to LOCATION LOCATION . They had heard so many good things about the beach . As it turns out , it 's just as beautiful as they picture it .	PERSON was such a cheery girl . She decided to move to LOCATION LOCATION for work . Upon arrival , she was so cheerful and happy while walking around . But people frowned at her and looked at her crazy for her happiness . She decided to assimilate , and started frowning everywhere she went .	The Wilsons packed and prepared for their trip to Disney World . They arrived to LOCATION LOCATION on Monday , and set out for LOCATION LOCATION . On Tuesday , they visited LOCATION LOCATION . On Wednesday , they went to LOCATION and Hollywood Studios . On Thursday , they left to return home after a fun vacation .	I was in LOCATION LOCATION for a business trip . My coworkers insisted on playing the slots after work . I decided to go play with them . I lost hundreds of dollars to the slot machine . I vowed to never gamble again !	PERSON 's family was from LOCATION LOCATION . One summer , she went to visit her relatives who still lived there . She took many pictures of the beautiful scenery . When the trip was over , she was very sad to leave . On the flight home , she made plans to visit again !	PERSON had always wanted to go to LOCATION . He had convinced his family to go there for their summer vacation . He was far more excited than the rest of the family . They drove 12 hours to the LOCATION LOCATION . Once they were there everyone had a great time .	PERSON had been traveling through LOCATION . Then a friend told him he had to visit LOCATION LOCATION . PERSON had n't even known it was a separate country ! He went there and learned all about its rich history . He was so glad he had discovered such a wonderful country !	PERSON and her family went on a vacation to LOCATION . They drove all night long with only a few stops . When they got to their hotel they napped for half a day . Then they took a bus tour to see LOCATION LOCATION . There was so much static in the air PERSON 's hair stood straight up !
smoke	PERSON wanted to quit smoking . He bought nicotine patches to help him . He applied a new one every day . Slowly his cravings diminished . Soon PERSON was smoke-free !	PERSON was cooking dinner for her family . She turned the oven on and waited for it to preheat . While she was waiting , she noticed smoke filling the room . She checked the oven and seen old food burning on the bottom of it . She turned the oven off and cleaned it instead of finishing the meal .	PERSON was playing with his toys . he saw smoke coming from the kitchen . He got scared . He screamed for help . It turns out it was only steam from his mom 's cooking .	PERSON was concerned about her mother 's smoking . She respectfully approached the subject with her mom . PERSON tearfully explained she was worried her mom would get cancer . Her mom bought some nicotine gum and tried to quit smoking . She succeeded and now PERSON 's not worried about her mom getting cancer .	PERSON was very curious about smoking . He had friends who smoked and often offered him cigarettes . He knew the health risks but he tried it anyway . PERSON quickly became addicted to the nicotine . He had to fight very hard to break the smoking habit .	PERSON saw PERSON standing around in the parking lot . She always thought PERSON was cute . They made contact and PERSON waved her over . As she approached , PERSON pulled out a cigarette and offered her one . PERSON frowned and politely declined .	PERSON noticed smoke coming from the next room . She was frightened at first , believing it to be a fire . She slowly moved to investigate the source . When she opened the door , she was relieved to see it was n't a fire . Instead , she discovered she had left her straightener plugged in .	PERSON was sitting in her home . She suddenly smelled smoke . She did n't know where it was coming from . She looked everywhere . It turns out her neighbors were burning pizza next door .	PERSON was at a Casino in Vegas with her friends . She was bored and ready to leave . The air was stale inside the casino . She thought she would go outside and get some fresh air . Instead she got more stale , smoky air .
surgery	I have to go in for surgery next week . My hip is being replaced . It is very scary . I am worried it will not go okay for me . Luckily , I have a lot of family support .	My stomach hurt very badly one day . I told my mom , who took me to the doctor . When he examined me , the doctor told me I had appendicitis . I needed surgery right then ! It was scary , but I recovered .	Our niece had day surgery last week . She had some skin tumors removed . She had a biopsy months ago and just had the procedure done . We sent her get well flowers . She emailed a thank you note .	PERSON had to have back surgery . He had been in pain for a long time . The doctor recommended surgery before any other option . PERSON was nervous , but would be glad to be pain free . PERSON left for the hospital early .	Connie thought she was having surgery on Monday . The hospital called . They said they no longer accept Connie 's insurance . Connie was very upset by the news . The hospital had to cancel her surgery .	PERSON started feeling sick . She told her parents that she was n't feeling well . PERSON 's parents brought her to the doctor . PERSON found out she had appendicitis . After surgery , PERSON felt much better .	PERSON had heard nothing but bad things about plastic surgery . But all her life , she 'd hated her big , wide Jewish nose . So at age 22 , she finally decided to get it fixed . After she recovered , she was so pleased with her new reflection ! PERSON saw that for some people , plastic surgery was a Godsend !	PERSON noticed that his eyelids were drooping and touching his eyelashes . He made an appointment with a plastic surgeon . The surgeon showed PERSON some photos of previous patients ' results . PERSON had the surgery in a surgery clinic and went home the same day . In a few weeks , people were telling him that he looked much younger .	PERSON had a surgery today . His appendix needed to be removed . PERSON was very scared . Doctors told him everything will be ok . He woke up after surgery happy he made it .
the dance	PERSON wanted to go to the dance with Tim He walked by his locker every day , hoping he would ask . One day , he asks her a question about class and PERSON became angry . She asked him what was taking him so long to ask her to the dance . Tim confused , told PERSON that the dance was last week .	I wanted to go to the dance with PERSON . He was too shy to ask me . At lunch the next day I asked him to the dance . He said yes . We had a great time together at the dance .	PERSON likes this boy PERSON at school a lot . She is hoping PERSON will ask her to the dance . So far he has not asked her and the dance is only a week away . PERSON has always been told that the guy should ask the girl . PERSON does n't care about tradition , she asked PERSON and he said yes !	The Willcrest Annual Fall Dance was tonight . PERSON was excited to go but did n't have anything to wear . She took a quick trip to the mall to find a dress . She found a pretty blue dress . Everyone said she was the prettiest girl at the dance .	PERSON wanted to go to the dance . She did not have a date . She knew she would be asked at some point . One day at school , her crush finally asked her . PERSON could not have been more excited .	PERSON loved to dance . She decided the enter the talent show at her middle school . She had stage fright and was nervous the night of the show . She made the judges cry with her beautiful ballet performance . She won first place in the talent show .	The elementary school was have a father-daughter dance . PERSON 's dad asked her to go . She picked out a dress . He took her to dinner . It was the perfect first dance .	PERSON 's school was holding a dance at the end of the term . PERSON really wanted to go to the dance but she was not a good dancer . She thought about not attending but instead decided to take lessons . She worked very hard and gained confidence in her dancing . PERSON went to the dance and she was the best dancer in her class .	PERSON took ballet . She was a pointe dancer . She was offered a lead in the Nutcracker . She was nervous about her performance . She performed flawlessly .
road trip	PERSON and PERSON piled into their car for a Spring Break road trip . They drove for eight hours , then grew exhausted . They decided to stop in a motel for the night . The next morning , they got back in the car and drove ten more hours . They finally arrived in LOCATION , ready to party !	PERSON was just arriving home from school . It was a 3 day weekend . She saw her parents putting suitcases into the trunk . She stopped in her tracks and dropped her head . She knew this meant they were driving out of town .	PERSON and I were driving out of state . After a couple of hours , we decided to stop and have lunch together . Afterwards , we arrived at our hotel . She decided to treat me to a dinner night . The next day , we attended the football game .	PERSON and his son , PERSON , went into the convenience store . PERSON gave the cashier twenty dollars to fill up his tank . Outside PERSON pumped his gas while PERSON washed the windows . They hit the road heading to PERSON 's grandpa 's . PERSON snacked on his stolen candy bar in the back .	One summer I decided to go see my best friend at his new home . I flew to LOCATION to go see him . We talked about what to do for fun during the week . We decided to take a road trip and explore the west . We drove to LOCATION LOCATION since we both always wanted to see the city .	The PERSON 's decided to go on a road trip . It took them awhile to get ready . They had to save money and make plans . Finally they left for their trip . They had an amazing time !	I started driving east from LOCATION . I wanted to get to LOCATION in four days . My car broke down in LOCATION . I ate some Mexican food and went to a mechanic . When the car was fixed , I decided to stay in LOCATION and eat more .	PERSON was so excited for her road trip to LOCATION LOCATION . She packed a bag for her three night stay in a luxury hotel . She arrived Friday night , and settled into the hotel . PERSON spent the weekend seeing the sights and trying new foods . She had a wonderful time on her trip to LOCATION LOCATION .	PERSON and her friends wanted to get away . They decided to drive for a whole day and see where they ended up . They took a lot of photos along the way . When they were through driving , they wound up at a national park . They decided to go exploring through it .
man 's best friend	PERSON was a dog owner who was thinking of adopting another dog . He went down to the humane society with his current dog in tow . The idea was to see how well his dog got along with any new ones . Fred found a mutt who seemed to hit it off with his current dog . He brought home the mutt and they lived happily ever after .	PERSON was not particularly good at making friends . She had an abrasive personality that scared people . She tried and tried to get people to love her . But despite her best intentions she never attracted anyone to her . She decided to get a dog instead and the dog loved her instantly .	PERSON felt very lonely in his house . He decided to find a companion to share it with . He visited his local humane society . He met a friendly dog named PERSON . After PERSON took PERSON home , he did n't feel lonely anymore .	PERSON was driving to work when he saw something by the roadside . It was a hurt dog . He immediately stopped his car and collected the animal . PERSON took the dog to a veterinarian . After the dog was healed PERSON adopted it .	PERSON took his dog Jax to the park . PERSON loves to play fetch at the park . PERSON always packs PERSON 's frisbee to play with . The could spend hours at the part because they really loved it . Once the sun goes down they head home to rest .	PERSON really wanted a puppy . For his birthday his parents bought him a poodle puppy . PERSON was super happy . He took the puppy on walks and played with him all the time . The two quickly became best friends .	PERSON needed something fresh in his life . He decided to get a dog . He adopted a puppy and instantly fell in love . He taught him all sorts of tricks . He found a companion and felt much better about life .	PERSON broke up with his long-time girlfriend . In the following weeks , PERSON began feeling lonely . PERSON 's friends suggesting getting a pet . PERSON went to a kennel and got a really friendly puppy . Today , PERSON and his dog are best buddies .	PERSON had to run twenty miles a day . He was training for long distance running . His dog would always tag along for the run . Without warning a pickup truck swiveled onto the sidewalk . The dog was able to pull PERSON out of harm 's way .
free food	The lady gave me a free burger and fries . I was prepared to pay for my meal . She had remembered my request . I had once asked for free food . I went to that McDonald 's every day .	The owner of a bar wanted to attract more customers . He posted a sign that announced free food during happy hour . Many people saw the sign and word got around . The next week there was a boom of business . The bar owner had to hire more staff to handle the new customers .	PERSON went to his favorite cafe on his birthday . He told the waiter that it was his birthday today . The waiter said that his meal would be his gift to PERSON . PERSON thanked the waiter a lot . He left the waiter a large tip .	PERSON had tried out for a local commercial . He got the part . The commercial was for a diner . As the spokesperson , PERSON was given free food for a year . He ate at the diner after over the year .	PERSON was on a long flight . She heard her stomach growling , but had no money for food . Apparently , an attendant heard as well and offered PERSON a meal . PERSON double checked that the food was on the house . It was , so she enjoyed the whole plate .	PERSON won a contest for a chain restaurant . He received two free meals a day for life . PERSON could never eat that much at a single place . He invited all his friends out to eat every day . Everyone appreciated him paying for their meals .	PERSON and his girlfriend were struggling with money and very hungry . They saved up a small amount of cash and walked to a local restaurant . The couple sat at a table and placed an order . After getting the food , the pair are very hungrily . When they finished , a manager told them the food was free of charge .	The computer in the supermarket had a glitch . When a can of soup was scanned it came up as $ 60 . No one noticed the problem all day . When the manager collected the money at night he was shocked . He decided to keep the mistake for now .	PERSON was working in a fast food store . He would give away food to his friends . A co-worker reported Al. . His boss even caught him on video . PERSON was fired from his job .
bear	A bear was harassing the camper . The camper complained to the ranger . The rangers hunted down the bear . They put the bear to sleep . They relocated the bear away from the camp .	PERSON was hiking . He saw a bear . It got scared of him . He was scared of it too . They both ran away .	A bear walked through the woods . A hunter spotted him . The hunter was looking for deer . The bear charged at the hunter . The hunter had to shoot the bear .	Will was an avid hiker . Will took a special trip to hike up a trial in the LOCATION . On the trail , PERSON had an encounter with a black bear . The bear followed Will for about a mile on the trail . Will was relieved when the bear finally left him alone !	I climb a mountain behind my house . For the first time in my life I actually saw a bear . The bear stare at me . I was so sacred . Luckily , the bear left me .	PERSON was camping in the woods . Suddenly a bear approached her camp site . Terrified , PERSON took shelter in her tent . After a few hours , she tentatively emerged and looked around . Thankfully , the bear had wandered away .	This morning I went to the store to buy some breakfast . I went back to my campsite and started up a fire . As I cooked breakfast on the fire , I heard a loud noise . A bear had just sat at the table with a napkin on its lap . It was waiting for me to finish breakfast so he could eat some , too .	One Christmas morning john woke up to barking . He thought this was odd because they did n't have a dog . He ran down stairs to the tree where all the presents were . He opened the biggest one and out popped a puppy . He named the puppy bear .	Harry was studying to be a geologist . He was collecting rock samples in LOCATION . Then he turned around and saw a large bear . Harry was n't bothered and continued with his work . The bear looked at him puzzled and walked away .
alarm clock	There once was a man named PERSON . He had problems trying to sleep . One day , he slept for 24 hours straight . As a result , he missed his class . Then he had to quit school forever .	The blaring of the alarm clock jolted PERSON out of a peaceful slumber . Her hand shot out from the under the blanket to hit the snooze button . Instead of hitting the clock , her hand dumped over a glass of water . PERSON swung her legs over the edge of the bed into a sitting position . It was a less than perfect start to the day .	Amber always slept in late . Problem was she has a child that needs to get up early to go to school She often overslept . Her child missed the buss a lot . She got a new alarm clock that she could wake up to .	I hated waking up in the morning . I decided to throw away my alarm clock . Now , I could wake up naturally instead of forcing it . Alas , I ended up sleeping ten hours every night . I realized I needed an alarm clock to avoid sleeping too much .	PERSON had to get up earlier than usual . She set her alarm clock . She forgot to wind it . She woke up in time anyway . PERSON never found out she forgot to wind the clock .	PERSON woke up one morning to his alarm clock . His alarm clock beeped loudly . It woke him up from his deep sound sleep . He immediately jumped up and put on his clothes . After getting dressed , he disabled his alarm clock .	PERSON overslept for school two days in a row . Her alarm clock just could n't wake her any more . The next day she went to buy a louder one . She found one with very high volume . She started using it and never overslept again !	It was PERSON 's first day at his new job . He set his alarm clock to wake him up early . He was so nervous that he got no sleep the night before . He got out of bed before the alarm went off . He threw the alarm clock in the trash on his way out the door .	PERSON was angry about how often his neighbors would party . They had loud parties at night and even some mornings . PERSON angrily woke up at 10 AM to the sound of loud music . But then he remembered he had work in 30 minutes . This time , PERSON was happy about his neighbor 's party .
LOCATION trip	One day PERSON went on a day trip to LOCATION . First she went to LOCATION LOCATION . Then she went to LOCATION LOCATION . Finally she visited the PERSON PERSON PERSON . She had a great time .	PERSON lived in LOCATION last year . She went there for college . She partied non stop while there . She drank way too much . She dropped out of school .	One day LOCATION took a day trip to LOCATION . First he went to the Freedom Trail . Then he went to LOCATION LOCATION . Finally he went to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . He had a great time .	One day PERSON took a trip to LOCATION . First he went to Ford Park . Then he went to the Institute of Arts . Finally he went to the Renaissance Center . He had a great time .	One day PERSON went to LOCATION , LOCATION LOCATION . First he went to the UFO Center . Then he went to the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . Then he stargazed for UFOs , but did n't see anything . He had a great time .	PERSON went to LOCATION LOCATION for his bachelor party . He went with several close friends . They all had a lot of fun . They got into some minor trouble . Overall PERSON loved his experience .	The group of young adults arrived in LOCATION from their flight . The first thing they did was go skiing . Everyone loved skiing , although they were n't very good . After skiing , everyone went to the lodge for hot chocolate . They talked about their day , and said it was a great first day .	My family went to LOCATION . There were mountains everywhere . I bought a wallet and a hat . We saw bald eagles too . It felt great there in the summer .	One day PERSON went to LOCATION . First he went to LOCATION LOCATION . Then he went to PERSON PERSON . Finally he went to the LOCATION LOCATION . He had a super fun day .
chef	There was a man who went to culinary school . He applied to restaurants but could n't land the job . He was frustrated and wondered why . Finally someone told him it was lack of experience . He decided to be an intern first instead .	PERSON was a chef . He was a chef at one of the top restaurants in town . PERSON loved being a chef . Being a chef allowed him to do what he loved . What PERSON also loved was the amount of money he made .	PERSON always wanted to have his own restaurant . He saved and saved , and perfected his craft . Finally the day came when PERSON opened up a restaurant . The food got rave reviews . Now PERSON is a celebrity chef with his own TV show .	PERSON wanted to be a chef . Her parents wanted to encourage her passion . They sent her to culinary school at age eleven . There , PERSON learned all kinds of cooking techniques . She came home with more skills than a professional chef !	PERSON worked in restaurants for many years . He worked on the line . He dreamed of being a head chef . PERSON was told he would never be more than a line cook . He decided to ignore it and go back to school .	PERSON dreamed of one day becoming a chef . He entered culinary school to pursue his dream . He worked hard for 2 years , training in his craft . After graduating , he took a job at a local restaurant . He was successful due to his extensive training and studying .	Sometimes , the strangest things can become big hits . I tried making new flavors of ice cream . Eager to experiment , I raided my cupboards for ingredients . I mixed a can of olives with an avocado in the ice cream . Strangely enough , that became very popular .	PERSON 's whole family cooked dinner together every night as a ritual . When PERSON turned eight , she asked if she could help , too . But the dilemma was that she could not cook anything at all ! Then PERSON 's mom told her she could toss and dress the salad . PERSON was so happy to be able to participate !	PERSON wanted to cook Thanksgiving dinner for his family . He spent the whole day in the kitchen . He chopped , whipped , boiled and baked . Then he eagerly served his meal to his hungry family . Everyone told PERSON it was the best meal they 'd ever tasted !
date night	Fridays are date night for the Smiths . They have been married 24 years . They have 4 children and are all grown . On date night they usually go to dinner and a movie . Sometimes the even go out and meet friends for drinks .	Bee has never been on a date . When PERSON asks her to lunch , she 's very excited . That same night , her mom says she has to babysit her brother . Bee suggests dinner to PERSON instead . Bee , her brother and PERSON all watch a movie and eat pizza .	PERSON invited PERSON on a date and she agreed . PERSON planned out a romantic evening . They would go for a walk on the pier . They would dine at a picnic table on the beach . It rained so they went bowling instead .	PERSON had a big date tonight . He bought new clothes for the occasion . On the way to the restaurant he spilled coffee all over his shirt . He panicked and searched for a bathroom . His date did n't think anything of it and laughed it off .	PERSON and PERSON never went out since their son was born . Then they decided to plan a date night . Every month they decided to schedule one night to themselves . They went to dinner and then saw movies . PERSON and PERSON said date night was the best night of the month !	PERSON was excited to spend dinner with her boyfriend . It was their anniversary night . The two went to the new restaurant in town . They both had a blast . PERSON was glad they went .	Adam and Angel were very much in love but they worked too much . They never had any time together and this made them sad . PERSON decided the two of them needed to go on a date . Angel felt silly but she dressed up to look very nice . They went on their date and had a blast .	We finally went on a date tonight . It 's been such a long time , I was so excited to get away . He took me to the best restaurant . It was so romantic , I could have cried . He kissed me goodnight and walked me to my door .	My wife and I had a date night . We managed to get a babysitter . We went out to eat and to a movie . We took a short walk in the moonlight . It was a fun night .
learning to swim	When PERSON went to the pool , there were a lot of kids . She wanted to play with them but was afraid of the water . One of the kids gave her some floaters and taught her how to swim . With effort , PERSON went slowly in the water and floated around a bit . When she felt more confident , she started swimming and had fun .	When PERSON was five he went to the beach for the first time . A wave knocked him over and he nearly drowned . A life guard saved him before it was too late . PERSON took swimming lessons the next summer and learned to swim . When he was older he became a lifeguard .	PERSON could n't swim . She took a swim class at her Gym . It was weeks of practice . PERSON and her husband went on vacation to LOCATION . PERSON surprised her husband by showing she now could swim .	PERSON wanted to learn how to swim . She asked her mother to sign her up for swimming lessons . Her mom signed her up and she began taking classes . PERSON got better and better at swimming . She became the best in her class .	PERSON and his brother did not know how to swim . One day they were invited to a pool party . PERSON 's girlfriend was going to be at the party . PERSON wanted to impress his girlfriend . So PERSON jumped in the pool and almost drowned .	PERSON had never learned to swim as a child . He wanted to go to the pool with his friends . His apprehension prevented him from having fun . One day he went to the pool for private lessons . This gave PERSON the courage to go swimming with his friends .	PERSON did n't know how to swim . He never learned as a kid . He decided to learn as an adult . He took classes at the local community center . Within a month PERSON was a comfortable swimmer .	Chase was at the pool with his family . He was hanging out near some steps since he could n't swim . Then his older brother , a life guard , offered to teach him . They worked hard for a few hours and Chase almost gave up . After getting through it though , Chase finally could swim !	PERSON never went near water . She was always afraid of drowning . She finally decided to go to the pool . Her friends helped her learn to swim . She 's not afraid anymore .
the car	PERSON drove hard and fast . He was going up the interstate on day really fast . He was n't paying attention and zoomed past a police office . The officer caught up to him . PERSON ended up getting a $ 500 ticket !	PERSON went to the dealership to purchase a brand new car . As he went in , he was greeted by a friendly salesman . After discussing what kind of car PERSON should get they went to go look at the options . PERSON enthralled , picked the first one he saw . He was handed the keys , and drove off into the sunset excited !	PERSON started her car . One of the lights flashed on . She looked at her dashboard . A message popped up . One of her tires had low air .	PERSON was out for a walk . She was trying to reduce her carbon footprint . She started walking instead of driving . Soon , she realized that she did n't need her car anymore . She sold it to her neighbor and started walking everywhere .	PERSON worked hard all summer to buy a new car . He mowed lawns and cleaned yards for the cash to buy the car . He eventually made enough for a used car from a friend . The car ran great and PERSON was very happy . PERSON decided to mow more lawns to save up for the gas he now needed .	The parents bought their daughter a car . She was very excited . It was her first car . Her parents gave her the keys . She drove the car carefully .	PERSON and his brother loved cars . Their favorites were classic muscle cars . So one day PERSON bought a classic mustang . It was n't in the best condition . So PERSON fixed it up and gave it to his brother .	PERSON is very articulate about his car . The car stayed clean inside and out . PERSON bought a car just for him . PERSON car disappeared off the face of the earth . PERSON had to do a police report on the car .	The car did not want to start . The driver looked around . The driver checked the dashboard . A light was flashing . The car needed new oil .
pictures	I had to take graduation pictures . I went to a studio . They gave me a jacket . They took two pictures . One of them is on my wall .	I have so many pictures in my phone . I need to get them developed . They are very important pictures . I would hate to lose them . I plan on going to do it tomorrow .	Carlie takes pictures of random people . She posts them on the internet at night . She tries to convince herself that beauty is everywhere . However , she is looking for a way to become famous . She never gets noticed because she was too cliche .	PERSON decided to change careers . For many years she had been a history teacher . Having a love for photography made her want to switch . She purchased her equipment and quit teaching . She is now a very popular professional photographer .	It was beautiful day for taking pictures . PERSON took her new camera . She walked around the town to find some good target . Then she spotted a stray cat . She made a cool picture .	PERSON 's mom had a Polaroid camera . Her mom took pictures at her aunt 's graduation . PERSON asked if she could take pictures . Her mother told her she was too young . She felt left out and began to cry .	I was eating out with my family . They decided to take a picture to mark the occasion . I hate pictures . I decided to opt out . My family shouted at me and forced me to take the picture .	I could n't find any good pictures of myself . I always thought I looked too fat in the ones I had . I decided to take a new one . I posed in the bathroom mirror . I thought I looked cute for a change .	PERSON and his wife went on a cruise . Every other minute , a photographer was trying to take their photo . PERSON and his wife did not want silly pictures of their trip . On the last night of the cruise , they dressed up and took photos . These were the photos they enjoyed the most .
liar	PERSON PERSON was a combat developer for a video game . He promised that in the next update , there would be a focus on PvP . He introduced a terrible open world PvP zone . Players ended up fighting more computer enemies than other players . Now PERSON does n't have a job .	PERSON got detention in class one day . She called her mom and said she had a club meeting after school . Her mom agreed to come at 5 PM instead of at 3 PM . PERSON felt guilty for lying to her mom . But she did n't want to risk getting grounded !	PERSON had rear-ended someone at a red light . But he 'd agreed to accept $ 50 and not notify his insurance company . However , a week later , PERSON got a notice in the mail . The man had called about the accident after all ! PERSON was scared - and enraged by the lie !	PERSON snuck into a fancy wine tasting party . He pretended to know about the subtle flavors of wine . The person serving him suspected that he was a liar . The server asked him if he knew what kind of wine he just drank . PERSON told him it was a grape wine .	PERSON fell in love her coworker . They began serious relationship and were very happy with each other . One day PERSON got a call from a woman she did n't know . The mystery woman was the mother of her boyfriend 's five kids . PERSON was devastated because he told her that he had no children .	PERSON asked PERSON who took his wallet . PERSON told him that his mom had the wallet . However , PERSON 's mom said that she did n't have anything . PERSON returned to PERSON to ask if he was lying . When they met , the wallet was in his hand .	PERSON did n't feel like going to work one day . So he told his boss he was sick . Instead , he spent his time on Facebook and Youtube . And his boss found Facebook messages he wrote . PERSON ended up getting fired .	PERSON lied a lot growing up . He never meant to lie but he just always did . As an adult he met a girl he loved quickly . She loved him too . Matt finally stopped being a liar .	PERSON and PERSON are playing baseball outside . PERSON hits a ball so hard that it goes through PERSON PERSON 's window . When the boys try to run away they are caught . Tim blames PERSON for the broken window . When the truth comes out PERSON 's parent punish him even harder .
karma	Before I left my class , I found my friends wallet on his seat . During the next day , I returned it to him . He was extremely happy and thanked me . I lost my homework assignment on the same day . Luckily , someone I knew found it and returned it .	I 've always been a big believer in karma . Especially since a girl who was mean to me in school is fat and ugly . I sent a picture of her to some friends expressing that and laughing . Later that day , I fell and sprained my wrist . That 's karma and I should have known better .	PERSON boxed up all of his Christmas decorations . He brought them to the curb to throw away . While waking he tripped and fell All the decorations fell out and made a mess . PERSON felt like he deserved this for throwing away it all .	I wanted to be popular so I stole a popular shirt from the mall . I did n't care for the shirt at all , but just wanted to fit in . Everything seemed to be working out until next week . The police showed up and knew I stolen the shirt . They caught me on the security camera .	The police officer stopped me in the middle of the highway . He told me to take out my driver 's license . I was terrified since I left my wallet at home . When he found out , he arrested me and took me to jail . My friend took my wallet to the facility in order to release me .	PERSON was a generous man . He would give shelter to anyone who needed it . PERSON shared everything he owned with everyone . PERSON fell upon hard times and needed help . Many people rushed in to help PERSON with his needs .	PERSON was a taxi driver . He was taking a passenger to the airport . After he dropped the passenger off , he noticed a bag in the taxi . He opened the bag to find five hundred dollars . PERSON ran after the passenger and returned the money .	PERSON was trying to write an essay to win an award . He went for a walk to think and saw a homeless men . The man explained that he still had hope despite his condition . PERSON wrote down what the man had taught him . He won the award and used the money to help the homeless man .	PERSON stole a bottle of wine . He hurried home . He opened the wine with a knife . He cut his hand with the knife . He decided to pay for the wine for karma .
skateboarding	PERSON was a skateboarder . He wanted to impress his friends , who were also skaters . In order to do that , PERSON tried to kickflip down a set of 6 stairs . PERSON landed on his ankle wrong , and was unable to stand back up . PERSON had to go to the hospital to get his ankle x-rayed .	PERSON loved to skateboard . One day , he fell off and injured himself . PERSON rushed to the doctors to see how bad it was . The doctor said PERSON just had a bruised elbow . PERSON now rides his skateboard with protection .	LOCATION was skateboarding in his neighborhood with his friends . They dared him to do a trick on his board . Feeling cocky , he tried a trick he 'd never done before . He did n't land it right and hurt his ankle . He could n't skate for the rest of the month .	I got a brand new skateboard for Christmas . The problem was I did not know how to use it . I decided to just try skateboarding down a hill . I fell flat on my face . I decided this skateboard would be better off in the garbage .	PERSON went out skateboarding , today . He skateboarded to the skate park . His friends taught him how to do a new trick . It is a difficult trick , but he 's going to keep practicing . Tomorrow , he 'll teach his friends something new , too .	PERSON always did what his older brother PERSON did . When PERSON got a skateboard so did PERSON . They went to the skate park and skated around . PERSON was not very good at first , but he kept at it . By the end of the day he was out-skating his older brother .	PERSON wanted his son to get into a sport . PERSON 's son wanted to get into skateboarding . PERSON felt that a team sport would be better for socializing . But he relented and let his son take up skateboarding . PERSON 's son made friends at the skatepark , satisfying both parties .	PERSON went to the skate park with his friend . He tried the half pipe for the first time . PERSON fell down going up the half pipe . Even though he fell , PERSON wanted to try again . On his second , try he made it up !	PERSON loved to skateboard . One day he asked his parents to go to a skate park . His parents said yes . His parents drove him to the skatepark . PERSON had fun at the skatepark .
baby	PERSON and PERSON wanted a baby . They tried for a few months . PERSON eventually got pregnant . She prepared herself well . She gave birth nine months later !	PERSON and PERSON go to the hospital to have a baby . PERSON is in a lot of pain and asks for medication . The doctor tells her it is too late to take anything . PERSON screams and cries as she delivers her baby . PERSON is so glad that it is over and she has her baby .	PERSON and Jan had difficulty having a baby . They tried for years and PERSON could n't get pregnant . They both went to the doctor . The doctor said they were normal . They were finally able to have a baby .	PERSON was feeling her belly . She felt the baby kick . Then she felt a strong pain . She felt a wetness in her pants . She knew she was going into labor .	My sister was expecting her first baby . She was due around Christmas time . We went up to visit at Christmas , hoping to see the baby too . The baby took its own sweet time . She was finally born , but not until January 5th !	PERSON had a miscarriage . She was devastated . After a few months she felt a little better . Soon she conceived a beautiful new baby . PERSON loved her rainbow baby with all her heart !	PERSON and PERSON had been married for five years . It was almost their fifth Thanksgiving together . She had n't been able to conceive a baby , but she tried to be grateful . Then , the day before Thanksgiving , her doctor gave her great news . She was pregnant fleury her first child !	PERSON found the baby outside on her doorstep one morning . There was no note , just a blanket wrapped around the baby . She took the baby to the hospital to make sure it was healthy . The officials told her she could adopt the baby if she chose . She went ahead and adopted the baby .	PERSON was in labor . But she had been struggling for hours . Finally her doctors decided to do a c-section . PERSON was so nervous and scared . But her little baby was born perfectly healthy !
break up	Our nephew lived in LOCATION and AL from 2000 to 2005 . He lived with his girlfriend in LOCATION . He found out she was cheating on him in 2005 . He moved out of their place and came back home to MA . His mom was glad to have him back .	PERSON had a crush on PERSON . PERSON thought PERSON was attractive . They started dating and spending time together . PERSON got tired of PERSON . He broke up with her .	PERSON and PERSON had been dating for 5 years . Lately they had been fighting a lot . PERSON decided to take PERSON to dinner . While at dinner he decided to talk to her . They both decided it was time to break up .	JD has recently experienced a bad breakup . His girlfriend of 6 Year 's broke up with him unexpectedly At first JD was devastated . However , he soon realized he barely missed his ex-girlfriend . It was then that he realized she made the right decision .	PERSON has been thinking a lot lately . She has n't been happy in her relationship . She felt as if it was her fault she felt this way . She made the decision to break it off with her boyfriend . It was n't easy .	PERSON and her boyfriend max were having a rough time . PERSON decided it was time for them to break up . PERSON was devastated . She cried into her pillow for days . Finally she moved on a week later .	My 19 year old niece was heartbroken last month . Her boyfriend broke up with her . They were together for 18 months . She was shocked and surprised . She feels a little better , but is still very sad .	We went to our cousin 's wedding in December of 2012 . His sister came from LOCATION to RI . We asked his sister about her boyfriend . She said they broke up after three years . Everyone was surprised and saddened .	PERSON wanted to break up with his girlfriend . He was n't sure how to do it . He spent weeks figuring it out . When it was finally time to break up with her she beat him to it . He was so upset that he was n't able to break up with her .
drive	I really needed a ride to the airport one day . I tried looking at ride sharing apps but could n't decide on one . Eventually I decided on using a ridesharing app . The cost was very small so it was okay with me . I made it to the airport on time and enjoyed my ride !	PERSON wanted a car . He knew his mom and dad could n't afford one , though . So he began working after school washing dishes . Soon PERSON had saved enough to buy his own car . He loved it all the more because he had earned it !	PERSON went on a long drive . His destination was more than two hours away . He got really bored in the car . He fell asleep and drifted off the road . His car crashed and exploded .	Today I drove to the coffee shop . On my way , I saw three deer . The deer were eating in a field . When I got to the coffee shop , I told my friend about them . He suggested that we drive back to see them , so we did .	PERSON was under 18 . But he wanted to drive . So he bought a racing wheel for his computer . And he practiced driving using race simulator games . But after secretly driving his parent 's car , he hit a parked car .	PERSON wanted a car for his sixteenth birthday , but his family was poor . At fifteen , he began walking dogs and delivering papers . He saved every dollar he earned for a while year . Then he went used car shopping . On his sixteenth birthday , I gave himself a car !	PERSON and his wife got in a fight . He decided to cool off by going for a drive . While he was out his wife sat at home crying . She texted him that she was sorry . He drove home and they hugged and said they loved each other .	I had a very long drive planned that I had to do solo . I really did n't want to do it solo so I asked some friends . None of them could afford to take time off from school to go with me . My drive was 26 hours long so it was very tiring . I ended up doing it alone and not dreading every minute of it !	PERSON was driving to work . A person hit her car from the side . PERSON got out and exchanged information . The person paid her some money to fix damages . It was only a scratch so danica went on her way .
soup	PERSON wanted some wonton soup . She ordered some from her local Chinese restaurant . But when she picked it up , it had only two wontons in it ! PERSON returned to the restaurant with her soup . The cashier apologized and gave her many extra wontons !	Feeling a tad bit under the weather , I decided to make soup . Groggily , I made my way to the kitchen . I pan grilled and blended some fresh broccoli , spinach , and onions . I blended all the vegetables together with some veggie stock . This soup was definitely going to make me feel better .	PERSON was feeling sick . Her mom tucked her up in bed . Then she went to the kitchen . She cooked a big pot of chicken soup for PERSON . PERSON started feeling better as soon as she ate the soup !	PERSON wanted to make some clam chowder . He decided to save time and make it from a can . To save even more time , he decided to microwave the soup . While waiting for his soup , he heard a pop in the microwave . The soup ended up making a mess in his microwave .	PERSON was trying to make her first pot of chicken soup . She added her chicken and simmered , then added her veggies . She flavored it and then served it to her family . To her happiness , they all said it was very tasty ! PERSON was very proud of her first soup effort !	I was feeling very hungry . I decided to make some soup . But , I did not have broth in my pantry . I decided to buy some broth . Now , I could make soup !	PERSON was at her daughter 's house . Her daughter was out of town and her son was sick . PERSON was more than happy to help get her grandson well again . She bought a chicken and made a soup . Her grandson ate the soup heartily and felt better .	PERSON needed food fast . He grabbed the nearest thing . He opened the can of soup . He warmed it up . He ate it for dinner .	PERSON PERSON ran a small liquor store . She dreamed of something just a little bit more . Her dream was to run a department store . Unfortunately , she was dragged down by daily chores . Now her life 's forever a bore .
pet	I used to be my teacher 's pet in the third grade . I liked when she asked me to mark the attendance . I had to always mark my classmates and friends late . I just wanted to fit in and be with the rest of my class . My teacher soon labelled me retarded because of my new bad behavior .	PERSON wanted a pet for Christmas . He told his dad . His dad listened , but did n't say anything . So on Christmas morning , And got a wonderful surprise . He received a puppy with a shiny bow on it 's head !	PERSON wanted a pet but she lived in a tiny apartment . Her mom knew her desire and tried to find a solution . One morning PERSON woke up and got a great surprise . PERSON 's mom had found the perfect pet for a small home . She had bought PERSON a goldfish in a glass bowl !	A girl wished for a silver necklace . Everyday she passed by the jewelry store and saw what she wanted . But she was too little to go inside . She asked her father to buy her the necklace for her . The next day , her father bought a cheap necklace made of string .	PERSON wanted an exotic pet . But then she found a stray dog with a hurt leg . She forgot the lizards and snakes she had been considering . She fell in love with the dog right away ! She took him to a vet - and then home to live with her !	PERSON wanted a dog . He begged his mom and dad , but they said he was too young . Then PERSON 's grandma bought herself a puppy ! PERSON still got to see the dog a lot , but did n't have to care for it . Everyone was happy with the way things worked out !	PERSON wanted a pet . Her dad took her to the pet store . She found a puppy she really liked . Her Dad purchased the puppy for PERSON . PERSON is now training her puppy to be a rescue dog .	PERSON was out walking one day . He saw a stranger approach , walking his dog . The dog looked friendly , so PERSON approached and pet it . But the dog snarled and bit his hand ! PERSON realized he should have asked before petting the dog .	Will decided he 'd like to have a pet . Will went to a local pet store . He narrowed his choices down to either a lab puppy or a turtle . Will decided on the puppy . Now , years later , Will and that lab are best friends .
stray dog	PERSON was walking home from school when she saw a dog . He did n't have any tags or a collar . The dog followed her home . PERSON 's mom said they could keep him until they found the owner . PERSON and the dog played together for the rest of the day .	PERSON was walking home from school . A stray dog followed him . He tried to sneak food out to him . His parents noticed and called animal control . They took the dog away .	PERSON found a stray dog outside the door one morning . PERSON asked her parents if they could keep the dog . Her parents melted , saying yes . PERSON cared for that dog with all her heart . Now , 5 years later , PERSON and that dog are absolutely inseparable .	PERSON found a stray dog on the street . She brought the dog home . She named the dog Spot . Spot and PERSON became good friends . PERSON felt happier than she ever had before .	The stray dog looked dirty and thin . A rescue group approached her to help her . She ran away at first . Then they caught her and made her better . They gave her a haircut and she got a new home .	PERSON was doing his morning jog by the lake when he saw a stray dog . He approached it and saw it had no collar . He brought it home and put posters around his neighborhood . At night , the owner of the dog called to come and pick the dog . When the dog had left , PERSON felt good about himself for helping .	PERSON was walking home one cold day . She was walking very fast because she was so cold . Suddenly she heard a dog barking at her . PERSON thought the dog sounded scared so went over to it . The dog seemed sick so she took it home and kept it .	I was driving home from my doctors appointment when I seen a dog . I pulled over and opened the car door . The dog jumped right in . I brought him home and posted his picture online . No one claimed him , so he is now my dog .	We had just found a home for our chihuahua . Our daughter called concerned about a puppy she had found . She said there was no one claiming the pup . They were on a busy road , and feared the dog might get hit . We took the dog in and gave her a home .
practice	PERSON had to practice for his upcoming wrestling match . He went to the gym extra early so he could prepare . The gym was already overcrowded with other people wanting to practice . PERSON felt rushed and did not have a good session . PERSON went home dejected .	PERSON learned to play Hot Cross Buns on the recorder . He practiced and practiced , working to get better . One afternoon , he spent a whole hour playing his music . On Friday , he played the song for his music teacher at school . He was really proud of himself for playing every note perfectly !	PERSON wanted to impress a girl at school . He practiced hip hop dancing every day for two months . After two months he danced for her in the hall . PERSON got very hot and sweaty because of the dance . In the end she was very impressed with his hard work .	PERSON loved to play the trombone . Unfortunately , PERSON did not love to practice . He had to get ready for an audition to play in a great band . PERSON 's parents and teachers reminded him to practice every day . He played very well for his audition .	PERSON wanted to improve her volleyball game . She had practice 3 days a week , but she still needed more . On their day off she went to the gym . But others sports were practicing , and she could n't play . She decided she would practice in her own backyard .	A man bought a bowling ball and took it home . He stood in his living room and pretended to bowl . The man practiced for hours on his form . When his arm got tired he took a rest . He told himself that was enough bowling for one day .	Everyone was impressed by PERSON 's figure drawings . And they all agreed she was very talented . So PERSON decided to cut her practice hours in half . And her drawings became worse and worse . And PERSON realized her skill only came from hard work .	PERSON was trying to be a better soccer player . She went to practice every day . At the end of the season , PERSON was a great player . She told her coach she would practice a lot in the off season . PERSON knew she could be even better next season .	Clouds of chalk dust danced in the sunlight as PERSON clapped her hands . She confidently grabbed the trapeze bar and began to swing . Her father began to bark out commands in rapid fire succession . PERSON met each command with perfectly executed movements . Her father 's last command was that she would perform that night .
bread	I got a fresh loaf of bread at the deli . They make it daily . It was sourdough . It was delicious and warm . I decided to go back regularly .	My wife bought a loaf of bread on Monday . It came from a local bakery , and was very soft . Today , three days later , she found mold on the bread . I said the heat wave probably contributed to the quick growth . She bought a sandwich for lunch .	The man baked the bread . The loaf looked perfect . He shared the load with his friends . His friends asked for the recipe . He could n't remember it .	PERSON decided to make her own bread . She carefully made her dough , then baked it . But after ages in the oven , it still had n't risen ! PERSON suddenly smacked her forehead . She had forgotten to add the yeast !	I decided to make bread . It took lots of time and effort . But I thought it would be worth it . After it finished baking , I let it cool for a few hours . But when I cut off a piece and ate it , I regret all the time spent .	PERSON decided to bake bread . She was great in the kitchen . She bought all the ingredients for pumpkin bread . She followed the recipe perfectly . Her bread turned out great .	PERSON walked in the front door . Her mother inquired about the bread she was to pick up . PERSON had no idea what she was talking about . She had n't seen the text her mother sent . She had no way to , her phone had been confiscated in class .	Sinbad made pasta for dinner . He wanted to make garlic bread to go with it . He was out of garlic . He drove to the store to get some . Sinbad came back home and made garlic bread .	PERSON was at the grocery store . She wanted to buy bread . They had a large selection . She picked out the freshest she could find . She paid for it and took it home .
new girl	PERSON was the new girl at school . She transferred from out of town and did n't know anyone . The first day of school was nerve-wracking . During lunch , a classmate sat next to her . She introduced herself as PERSON .	PERSON got dumped by her boyfriend . She began looking at ads for roommates . She came across what she thought were three girls looking for a roomie . When she met up with them , she found out it was three guys . PERSON ended up getting the three best roommates .	PERSON and PERSON were best friends at the restaurant . When a new waitress PERSON came in , they hated it . They did not want PERSON to feel welcome . They ostracized her until she no longer felt wanted . Eventually PERSON quit .	PERSON and her family came to LOCATION when PERSON was just nine . Coming from LOCATION , everything was so different , and PERSON was afraid . She had heard a lot of bad things about Americans . But as she started school and made friends , she relaxed and calmed . PERSON realized that Americans were like people anywhere - kind and open !	PERSON was starting her first day at a new school . She was so scared that nobody would like her ! But when the teacher introduced her , the other kids smiled . Then , at lunch , they invited her to sit with them . PERSON made a dozen friends on her very first day !	PERSON 's mom told her to invite all the girls in class to her party . But PERSON did n't want the weird new girl to come . She threw the girl 's invitation in the trash . A day before her party , PERSON noticed the new girl was absent . The teacher said the girl would n't be coming back to class .	PERSON was the new girl at school . She wanted to fit in with everyone . She even dressed like the popular kids . Soon though she found it all boring and stopped following them . PERSON developed her own style even making new friends .	May moved with her parents to a new city . May was nervous about making new friends in her neighborhood . One day a girl came over and asked May to play with her . May agreed and they spent the day together . Now May and the girl are best friends and May loves her new home .	PERSON was starting high school at a new school . She was afraid . She thought nobody would like her . But all the students were kind to her . PERSON made many friends on her first day !
puppy love	For PERSON 's fifth birthday her parents got her two adorable puppies . She liked to say the two puppies were in love with each other . Her parents said that could n't be since both puppies were boys . PERSON screamed that she did n't care and yes the puppies were in love . PERSON was way ahead of her times .	I adopted two dogs a few Year 's ago , a male and a female . The adoption place never informed me that they were n't fixed . They ended up have eight puppies together ! There was no way I could manage ten dogs total so I sold the puppies . I ended up making one thousand dollars and found homes for the dogs .	I 've wanted a puppy since I was young . Yet , I still do n't have a puppy . So , I decided to do something about it . I went to the big box pet store . I just bought the cutest one !	PERSON was going to get a puppy from the pet store . The puppy she had her eye on was sold earlier in the day . The pet store owner brought out the puppy 's brother . He was a runt that no one else had wanted . It was love at first sight for PERSON .	My daughter volunteered every Saturday at an animal shelter . One Saturday when I arrived to pick her up she was out walking a dog . The dog broke loose from her and came running to me . He laid on my feet and wagged his tail . We took him home and he has been my best friend ever since that day .	PERSON and PERSON were in the fourth grade . They did everything together . They finally decided to date . They 're parents thought it was puppy love . PERSON and PERSON married twenty Years later .	PERSON watched the cute puppy skitter and skate across the ice . Suddenly , it fell through , into the deathly cold water below ! PERSON dived into the newly created hole in the pond after it . He caught the dog up in his arms and swam towards the surface . PERSON drowned as his head slammed into the ice , frozen back over above .	PERSON decided to adopt a dog . She began researching dog breeds to figure out which was best for her . Narrowing it down to three breeds , PERSON went to the local dog shelter . At the shelter , none of the dogs were the breeds PERSON had chosen . After meeting a mixed breed dog , PERSON fell in love and adopted him .	PERSON really wanted a puppy . Her mom told her if she gets all good grades , she could get one . She worked really hard for three months on her school work . When report cards came out , she had earned all a 's and b 's ! PERSON 's mom took her to get her puppy as her reward .
trip to LOCATION	PERSON wanted to go away . She thought about going to LOCATION . She brought along some friends . On the plane ride there she met someone . They ended up getting together .	It was PERSON 's birthday and she decided to go to LOCATION . She decided to get a bunch of friends together for the trip . They all flew first class together . The trip was amazing and there was no trouble whatsoever . PERSON could n't wait to go back .	PERSON went away to LOCATION . She wanted to relax . When she got there it was amazing , The waves were so relaxing . PERSON never wanted to leave .	PERSON and her family took a trip to LOCATION . The family was super excited . They could n't contain their excitement . The moment they got to the park they took pictures . At the end of the day they spent ten hours at the park .	PERSON went to LOCATION with her family . She was looking forward to a good time . But on the trip her sister got lost . The family looked all over for a long time . Finally they found her at the ocean .	Last week I came back from LOCATION . The trip was absolutely amazing . I do n't think I had a better trip . We stayed for about three weeks . I ca n't wait to go back next year .	PERSON and I were in the Army Security Agency school together . They needed field personnel so pulled us both out of school early . PERSON wanted to go to LOCATION and I wanted to go to LOCATION . So they sent PERSON to LOCATION . And then they sent me to LOCATION .	It was Valentine 's Day . PERSON decided to take PERSON to LOCATION . He thought it would be romantic . It certainly was . The two never had more fun .	PERSON had to go on a family trip to LOCATION . She was not excited about it . Actually it made it frustrated . She thought there would be nothing to do there . Yest thankfully she ended up liking it a lot .
prom date	PERSON was a mess on the day of her prom . Even with the weeks of preparation , she was nervous about everything . Her parents were supportive , though , and tried to calm her nerves . Her mom gave PERSON a pep talk to calm her nerves . PERSON returned from prom night , satisfied with her experience .	PERSON was nervous about the Prom because she did n't have a date . She really wanted to go with PERSON so she decided she would ask him . But before she got the chance he asked someone else to go with him . PERSON was disappointed but not heartbroken . She decided to go to the Prom with her friends and have fun anyways .	PERSON passed a box of M&M s to his friend PERSON as they left class . She smiled and thanked him for the sweet gesture . She opened the box as she walked to her next class . Inside was a note asking her to prom ! She ran back to tell him that she would go with him .	PERSON was going to the prom with PERSON . They had been dating for a year . PERSON broke up with PERSON two weeks before the prom . PERSON still wanted to go the prom . She went to the prom alone .	PERSON wanted to go to his senior prom . He asked his friend PERSON to accompany him . PERSON accepted his request . He rented a tuxedo and purchased their tickets . They had a wonderful time at the prom .	PERSON really liked his classmate PERSON . He wanted to ask her to prom , but he was afraid . He felt sure she would refuse , and maybe even laugh at him ! But he gathered up his courage and he asked her anyway . PERSON accepted gladly , and then she did laugh - with joy !	PERSON wanted to ask PERSON to go with him to Prom . PERSON 's problem was that he felt anxious about asking her . So PERSON enlisted the help of his buddies . PERSON and five friends went and sang a song under PERSON 's window . PERSON told PERSON she 'd love to go the prom with him !	PERSON wanted to ask his friend Ally to the prom . He was really nervous and kept missing the chance . Finally , he decided to ask her to a movie that weekend . During the previews , he casually asked . Ally laughed and accepted , and they enjoyed the movie together .	I needed a prom date . I asked PERSON to the prom but she never answered me . I asked PERSON to prom but she already had a date . I asked one last person to be my prom date . PERSON and I had a wonderful time at prom .
fish	My father wanted to buy some fish at the pet store . We drove to the store and talked about what fish to get . At the store we saw fat goldfish and small turtles . We decided to buy three goldfish and some fish food . When we returned home we dumped the goldfish into their new bowl .	I had an aquarium inside my house . The goldfish in the aquarium looked bored . I decided to eat him to put him out of his misery . He tasted pretty good . My wife called me a monster and did n't talk to me for two days .	One night my father took me fishing . I had never been late night fishing and was particularly excited . Just about an hour into it I see two huge snakes coming towards me . So my dad runs in front of me and starts hitting them with his pole . The snakes swam off really fast , soon after , we left .	Key bought a new fish . He thought it might fight with his other fish . He was anxious when he added it to his tank . But luckily , the new fish got along just fine with the others ! Key was very relieved .	PERSON wanted her own aquarium very badly . She knew nothing about fish , but she began to research . When she felt she understood enough , she bought a fish tank . Her two little fish grew big and strong . Soon she added more fish and bought a larger tank !	My brother bought a fish . The fish was in a bag . My brother filled up the fishtank . The fish tank was full of water and rocks . He put the fish in its new home .	I went on a trip with my class in college . We took some canoes . We saw fish a foot long . They were swimming around our feet . We were unable to grab one .	My wife decided to buy fresh fish for dinner . She went to the local supermarket . The fish section did not have cod or haddock . Sh had to buy sole instead . The fish was thin but tasty .	PERSON went hiking one fall day . She saw a bear lumber up to a mountain stream . But before she could panic , he walked away from her area . Then she saw that he was hunting fish . PERSON was relieved that he was n't attacking her !
sports	PERSON liked to play baseball . He was on the baseball team . He was a good player . The team depended on him to strike others out . PERSON was good at pitching .	In elementary school , I and my friends were on the baseball team . We practiced all summer to be the best we could be . One day , our coach made us all work until we all became dehydrated . He gave us warm water to sip and told us to suck it up . Many of us quit after that .	PERSON wanted to try out for cross country . He found out when the try outs where . Not a lot of people showed up . The try outs were still held . PERSON got on the team but so did everyone else .	PERSON grew up playing sports . Men would always tell her she 's good for a girl . This made PERSON very angry . They did n't understand that their statement was demeaning . PERSON was talented for a boy or girl .	PERSON loved playing sports . He decided that he would play soccer this weekend . Unfortunately he had work to do . He decided he 'd postpone the work . PERSON broke his leg during soccer and could n't finish his work .	PERSON loved hockey but wanted to learn to play tennis . His friend PERSON was great at tennis but wanted to play hockey . The two boys decided to help each other out . They got together and traded sports techniques . Now each boy is twice as athletic !	PERSON played basketball for his high school team . He stayed after practice to work on his game every day . He put in a lot of hard work . He worked especially hard on his three point shot . During the next game , he led all teams in scoring .	PERSON loved sports . He decided to go to a live event . There was a basketball game and a hockey game tonight . PERSON like basketball but he loved hockey . He went to the hockey game only to find out the tickets were sold out .	Jasmine wanted to try out for the roller hockey team , When she told her brother PERSON , he just laughed . PERSON thought girls were n't meant to play roller hockey . Jasmine tried out anyway . Later that year , she led her team to the roller hockey championships .
moving day	Last week I had to help a friend move furniture . It was a long and tedious job . He gave us beer and pizza as a reward . I would have preferred money . Helping friends move is terrible and I do n't want to do it again .	It was the end of an era . PERSON and PERSON were moving out of their old place . They had lived their all throughout college . The move was bittersweet . The new house was going to be great .	PERSON was a single mother to two young boys . She did it alone for many years . One day her son 's father asked her to marry him . She agreed and decided to move in with him . PERSON and her boys moved into the large house and we 're happy .	PERSON 's parents told him they were moving to LOCATION . His father got a great job there . He dreaded the idea of leaving his friends and starting a new school . The day the movers showed up , he ran away . He only got four blocks before his parents found him .	PERSON was moving to LOCATION LOCATION . He packed up everything in his house in boxes . When the moving company came for the boxes , PERSON heard a loud MEOW ! He had accidentally packed his cat , Fluffy , in a moving box ! John let Fluffy out of the box and gave her a big hug .	PERSON was getting ready to move to a new house . He packed up all his possessions into boxes . When the moving truck came he helped load everything . At the new house he helped them unload everything . When he was done he was so tired !	My son was on vacation this week . He helped his friend move to a new apartment . The move took two hours . They also drove to IKEA to buy new furniture . He will be busy all day .	PERSON had lived in an apartment all his life . He had finally bought a house to move into . On moving day friends and family showed up to help . The entire day was spent moving all of PERSON 's things . At the end of the day PERSON was exhausted but happy about his new home .	It was finally time for moving day . The big yellow truck pulled into the driveway . We had all our boxes packed up . The movers got a call from their boss . They had to leave before we had even loaded a single box .
the bus	PERSON had finally gained traction on the icy hill . She was almost onto the main street . She looked up to see a bus speeding towards her . She could n't stop now because she was finally up the hill . At the last moment she turned onto the shoulder and missed the bus .	PERSON was on the bus . He was going to his seat . He then saw and old man who needed a seat . PERSON knew what to do . He let the old man sit in the seat .	He had hardly any money left . He had no job . He had nowhere to go . He would sit on the city bus for hours in order to waste time . Something soon would change , he told himself .	The team was traveling to a game . They got a very fancy bus . It had tv screens and a bathroom . The team felt great as they rode across the state . They were pumped up and ready to play !	PERSON was late for school . He ran outside to catch his bus . He saw the bus about to leave . He signaled for it to stop . He quickly got on .	As PERSON was getting on the bus one morning , suddenly she could n't move PERSON pulled and pulled , but she could n't budge . She screamed and screamed and tried to walk , but she could n't . She looked behind her and realized her coat was stuck on the bus . She pulled her coat off and got on the bus .	A woman was a racial minority . She was forced to sit in the back of the bus . She decided that she did n't like that . She went to sit in the front of the bus . She changed history forever .	The bus always came by PERSON 's house around six thirty in the morning . He knew it was time to wake up when he heard the bus come to a stop . PERSON would get up and be ready by the time the next bus came . PERSON and his family moved one day . PERSON knew he would now need an alarm clock .	PERSON liked adventure . He decided to live in a bus . He could drive anywhere he wanted . He decorated the bus and put a bed in it . He was ready to take an adventure .
test	PERSON has a history test tomorrow . She has not studied at all . She really does not want to stay up all night . PERSON studied her notes and hoped for the best . When she got to class , her test was canceled .	PERSON has a big English test tomorrow . She has not studied at all . Her test counts for half her grade . PERSON decided to pull an all - nighter . When she got to school , she slept through her test .	PERSON has a big test in the morning . She decided to study all night so she would be ready . The next day she went to class and was so tired . Her teacher decided to postpone the test . PERSON could not have been more relieved .	PERSON was very nervous about the test tomorrow . He asked me for help studying but I was busy . He was very nervous and woke up super early to study . The teacher said he was confident in PERSON to take the test ! PERSON took the test and got a passing grade !	PERSON has a test tomorrow . She has been studying all week . She was still nervous . When she got to class , her teacher postponed her test . PERSON could not have been more relieved .	PERSON has a big English test . He is very anxious about it . He stayed up all night studying . When he got to class , his teacher canceled the test . PERSON was relieved .	PERSON had a chest x-ray . They were worried that she had a heart problem . She was very nervous ! But the results came back normal . PERSON was so relieved .	PERSON had a test today . He thought he would study before class . One of his textbooks got lost . He tried to find it to study . He failed the test .	PERSON has a math test tomorrow but he completely forgot . He started going through his notes . Time started ticking by while he was arranging everything . He ended up pulling an all-nighter . The next day , he fell asleep during the test .
pokemon	I downloaded Pokemon Go onto my smart phone . I was playing the game at a beach early in the morning . I was chasing Pokemon along the beach and into the water . Suddenly , I noticed that there was a dead body beside me . I called the police and they came to investigate .	All the kids in my city are playing Pokemon . They have been passing by my house , which is a hot spot . Two young boys were walking one way , a girl another . They were staring at their phones , oblivious . The three ran into each other and one started bleeding .	At first my daughter was hesitant about Pokemon Go . I talked her into trying Pokemon Go just once . We went to the park and I walked with her while she played . She caught her first Pokemon and then she wanted to catch more . Now we share an activity that lets us both get some exercise .	PERSON had been walking all day . She was determined to catch some Pokemon . She had about a dozen already but wanted more . She collected a few before going back home . Her collection was growing quickly !	I was walking along and playing Pokemon Go on my phone . Then I saw several people run towards a field . I followed them , thinking that it was a Poke Stop . It turned out to be a car accident in which someone had died . Uninterested in the accident , I resumed playing Pokemon Go .	PERSON loved playing Pokemon Go . She decided to take a walk so she could play . While she was crossing the street , PERSON saw a pokemon on her screen . PERSON was almost hit by a car as she walked into traffic . She decided to only play on the sidewalk from now on .	PERSON checked his phone . He saw a rare pokemon spotted at the park . He ran as fast as he could . He checked again . It was just an Eevee .	The kids decided to go find some Pokemon . They charged their phones and set out to find some . They went to all the Pokestops in their neighborhood . They caught a few common Pokemon . They decided to meet up the next day to try again .	My nephews wanted to play Pokemon go . So we headed out to walk around . I shared the phone so they could both do it . They loved being able to catch the different ones . They wanted to know when we could go again .
car wash	I did a fundraiser for church . We went to people 's houses . We washed their cars . Most of them were scheduled . One person gave us 100 dollars .	PERSON decided to wash her car . When she had been driving , she had driven through a large mud puddle . She put car soap in a bucket and added water . She used the soapy water to wash the car . She hosed the car off and toweled it dry .	PERSON went to an automatic car wash . He drove a hardtop convertible . In the middle of it he accidentally started to put the top down . He tried to correct it as fast as possible . Unfortunately his interior got soaked .	PERSON 's car was looking a little dirty . It also had salt streaks from the recent winter . PERSON decided to clean it off . He took it through the car wash and then dried and waxed it . PERSON 's car looked sparkling-clean !	I was driving down the highway . I noticed that my car very dirty . I stopped by a local car wash . I drove through and got my car cleaned . I paid the company and then left .	The man washed his car . He took it out for a drive . He went through a mud puddle . His car got dirty again . The man decided that washing his car was a waste of time .	When I bought gas I bought a car wash too . After pumping the gas I drove over to the car wash . My car was really dirty . The car wash did a wonderful job . Now my car is sparkly clean again .	PERSON and his friends needed to raise money for their school club . They brainstormed different things they can do to make the money . PERSON proposed that they run a car wash . That Saturday they had the car wash and a lot of people came . PERSON and his friends raised even more money than they had planned .	PERSON was planning to wash his car today . He got out the soap and towels and the hose . Just when he was ready to turn on the water , it starting raining ! He watched the rainy for a bit . He decided to wash the car in the rainy to save on water .
sandals	PERSON wanted a new pair of sandals . Her mother told her no . PERSON decided to get a job to pay for them herself . She finally saved up enough . PERSON was excited to be able to buy her own sandals .	PERSON went to LOCATION . He wanted to look like the people . He went to a market to get clothes . He saw some sandals . He bought them .	PERSON bought some sandals in LOCATION . They started falling apart within hours of wearing them . PERSON went back to the stall where he bought them . The lady denied seeing him before . PERSON flipped out and knocked off all the sandals from the stall .	PERSON got a twenty percent off coupon in the mail for sandals . She went to the store and picked out the ones she liked best . She got home and was emailed that they were on sale somewhere else . She took the sandals back to the store for a refund . And when she got home she ordered the same ones for $ 12 less .	My wife and daughter went shopping in LOCATION . One store had sandals my wife liked . They were scuffed . The store offered to ship her a new pair from a warehouse . A week later the shoes arrived in LOCATION .	PERSON was going to the beach . As he was getting ready he saw that his dog chewed up his sandals . PERSON was angry . PERSON got ready and went to the store to get sandals . PERSON went to the beach and had a good time .	PERSON loved the summer time . He always wore tennis shoes . He noticed his feet would sweat excessively . One day he bought sandals and began wearing those instead . His feet stopped sweating and PERSON loved summer even more .	PERSON went shopping one day for some sandals . While in the shoe store , she spoke with a clerk who helped her . She picked out some sandals , and the clerk fainted . Another customer saw and called an ambulance . The ambulance came and took the clerk away , and PERSON left .	PERSON needed a new pair of sandals . She was going to the lake and wanted to look stylish . She spent hours looking for the perfect pair . She could n't decide between three . So she just bought them all .
pool	The man filled the pool with water . He jumped in the pool . The water was cold . He got out of the pool . He bought a heater for the water .	The kids went to the neighborhood pool . It was n't very busy so they were able to have fun . They swam back and forth and tried to do handstands . They finally realized they had to go home . They got a bit sunburned but said it was worth it .	I wanted a pool installed at my house . I called a carpenter to find out how much it would cost . It was way out of my budget , so everyday I would dig for a hour . A year later it was the right size for a pool . I filled it with water and had a huge pool party .	PERSON dove into the pool . He over rotated his body during the dive . He hit the water on his back . The lifeguard heard the noise . The lifeguard jumped into the pool to help PERSON .	PERSON left her house to go to the pool . She met up with some close friends . They played some water volleyball . Then PERSON went off the high dive . She ended her pool trip with an ice cream cone .	Nala wanted an inground pool in her yard . She saved up as much money as she could . Then she had an installation company come to her house . They measured and filled and prepared . Then , finally , they set up PERSON 's new inground pool !	PERSON had been going to the local pool for swim lessons each week . He had noticed one of the lifeguards was very sweet and pretty . He wanted to ask her out , but he was nervous . Then one day she asked him to stay a little after class . She pulled him aside and shyly asked him for a date !	PERSON has a pool table . PERSON and I went to Robs house . PERSON did not how to play . PERSON and I taught PERSON how to play . PERSON is really good at pool now .	PERSON had always been the best pool player in his group of friends One day , a new person appeared and challenged PERSON to a game They had a good game , but PERSON lost in the end He realized that he did n't always have to be so competitive He became a better friend to his friends , and a better person
toothache	PERSON was worried because her husband PERSON had toothache . PERSON had an uncle who had a stroke shortly after having a toothache . PERSON asked PERSON to get checked out in case he was like her uncle . PERSON went to the dentist . PERSON was relieved to learn that PERSON had two giant cavities !	PERSON 's jaw was very swollen and red . He could n't figure out what was the problem . PERSON went to the dentist , who looked at his teeth . The dentist found a rotten tooth , and pulled it out . Afterwards , PERSON was always careful to brush his teeth twice a day .	PERSON 's tooth hurt pretty badly . She tried pressure . She tried ice . Finally she called the dentist . She needed a root canal !	PERSON has a painful toothache . She goes to see the dentist . The dentist discovers the tooth is infected . He advises the tooth needs to be pulled . PERSON agrees to have the tooth pulled .	PERSON woke up with a bad toothache . She immediately contacted the dentist to take an appointment . But as the dentist could only see her at night , she panicked . She called her friend who told her to put clove oil to help the pain . She did so and was able to wait for her night appointment .	Ivy had had the worst toothache for days-off and on , but mostly on ! No medicines , pills , or numbing gels worked ; all she could do was suff . She endured over a week of agony . When the pain finally began to subside , Ivy was so very grateful . She wept , feeling weak with the relief of her terrible pain .	One day , I awoke with a very bad toothache . I had to go to the emergency dentist . When I arrived , he greeted me and got to work . He gave me an emergency root canal . I was so glad it did n't hurt anymore .	PERSON 's tooth hurt so bad that she could n't sleep . The next morning , she called her dentist and made an appointment . At the appointment , the doctor took X-rays . The X-rays showed that PERSON had a cavity . The dentist filled her cavity and PERSON 's tooth began to heal .	PERSON woke up in the morning with a terrible pain in her mouth . It bothered her throughout the day , worsening with every moment . She finally decided to go to the dentist for an emergency appointment . Seeing it was a wisdom tooth , the dentist performed an extraction . Discomfort aside , PERSON left very relieved and drove home to rest .
PERSON 's pizza	PERSON owns a pizzeria in a small town . Everyone loves the food there . One day PERSON had an angry customer complaining about the food . PERSON offered the customer a refund and a replacement pizza . PERSON continues to be successful because he 's kind to customers .	PERSON loved to eat pizza . Her favorite pizza place was PERSON 's Pizza . She went to PERSON 's Pizza and was shocked to see it closed . PERSON found out that they were closed due to a roach infestation . She no longer had an appetite for pizza .	PERSON decided to order pizza . He called the local pizza restaurant . He ordered a pizza with mushrooms and olives . When he received his pizza , it only had olives . PERSON decided that he would not call that pizza restaurant again .	PERSON owned a popular pizza restaurant in LOCATION LOCATION . One night , his store was burglarized . All of his cooking equipment was stolen . The locals donated money to PERSON . PERSON got his business running again .	It was PERSON 's birthday . His mom said they could go anywhere to eat . PERSON chose his favorite restaurant . His family went to a pizza joint in town . PERSON ordered his favorite pizza .	PERSON was eating at the food court . She had ordered a slice of pizza and a soda . PERSON was walking to find a table . She dropped her pizza on the floor . PERSON walked back to the booth to order another slice .	PERSON was hoping to have his new pizza shop open soon . He spent a few days gathering all the hardware . A few days before the opening , his fridge died . He bought a ton of coolers , storing the food inside of them . The next day , he was able to be open on time and selling pizza .	PERSON wanted a pepperoni pizza . He got into his car to go to the pizza parlor . PERSON tried to start the car and nothing happened . He noticed the car was on empty . PERSON decided to walk to the pizza parlor .	PERSON grew up in LOCATION . He was taught to bake the best pizza . He came to LOCATION as a young boy and got a job as a skilled chef . He eventually grew to own his own business selling his famous pizza . His skill is know around the country as well as his delicious pizza .
candy store	PERSON went in the candy store at the mall . Everything looked good , and the clerk let her sample some things . She bought more of four candies she really liked . She also bought a pound of caramel fudge . She paid for the items and went home .	A new candy store opened up . It was down the street from lily . So she decided to try it . When she entered she got free stuff . Lily w as really happy .	I went to the candy store with my friends once as a kid . We had a great time trying out all the different candies . We begged our parents to buy us some , but they said no . Eventually , we wore them down and they said yes . That was a great trip to the candy store .	PERSON wanted to visit a candy store . He has n't been to a candy store since he was a kid . He spent time looking at all the different candies the store offered . He ended up spending fifty dollars all on candy . By the end of the week , PERSON was already sick of candy .	PERSON was craving candy . He took his allowance and went to the candy store . He filled two big bags with various candy . He left the candy store to go back home . PERSON spent the rest of the day eating candy .	PERSON went to the candy store . He picked out a chocolate bar . He gave the clerk a dollar for the chocolate . PERSON opened the candy bar and took a big bite . PERSON chipped while eating the candy bar .	I was driving down the road and saw a small candy store . I went inside and bought all kinds of candies and chocolates . When I got home , I left the bag on the kitchen counter . My dog grabbed the bag and ate all the candy ! I was sad , but then i went back to the store , got more , and ate them .	PERSON was always fascinated with Candy Stores . PERSON decided he would open his own candy store . After locating a spot , PERSON signed the lease , and opened the store . PERSON loved seeing the children enjoying candy from his store . PERSON loved his candy store so much , he decided to open another store .	PERSON loved going to his favorite candy store . PERSON would often buy candies few times a week . PERSON eventually ran out of money . PERSON stole the candy . PERSON was caught by the owner and apologized for his behavior .
the toy	PERSON saw a cool toy at the store . She asked her mom if she could buy it . Her mom said no . PERSON decided to stick the toy in her pocket . Her mom found the toy and made her put it back .	PERSON wanted to get his daughter the new robot doll for her birthday . He had to get an extra job so he could afford it . After extensive overtime and working exhaustively , he bought it . When his daughter opened the box , she cried . It was the wrong doll !	PERSON had a new kitten . She bought it a fun toy . It had feathers all over it . The kitten played with it for hours . PERSON had so much fun with him !	PERSON ordered a toy for her daughter online . When the toy arrived at her house , she noticed something . PERSON saw that the box had been cut into , and things were stolen out . PERSON called customer service . They told her they would send her a new toy .	PERSON was very excited . He 'd gotten a new toy for his birthday . He played with it all night . When he went to sleep , he put it in his bed with him ! He could n't wait to wake up and play some more .	The boy 's favorite toy was missing . He looked all over the house . He looked under the furniture . He finally went into the basement . The ball was in the basement .	My daughter forgot her stuffed puppy at grandma 's house . She realized this after we drove home . My daughter began to cry for the puppy and would not stop . My wife gave me this look she sometimes gives me . I drove back to grandma 's house through the night .	Mr PERSON went to the store for some shopping . He saw his neighbor there with her son . The son wanted a toy but they could n't afford it . Mr PERSON bought the toy and put it on the porch of the neighbor . The neighbor saw it and thanked Mr PERSON for his kindness .	PERSON 's dad loved being a grandfather . He showered PERSON 's son with gifts all of the time . Problem was , PERSON had 2 kids but his dad only liked for one of them . One day , his dad gave his son a new toy . Fed up with being left out , PERSON 's daughter hit the toy with a hammer .
bird watching	PERSON found an old pair of binoculars at a lawn sale . She decided to go for a walk in the woods to watch birds . PERSON spent most of that day bird watching . When she returned home she researched bird watching on the internet . That was several years ago and PERSON is still an avid birdwatcher .	PERSON 's passion in life was bird watching . She got up early in the morning and went into the woods . She looked into her binoculars , and watched the different birds . She was delighted to see a rare bird warbling in a tree . She carefully noted this bird in her journal , and went home .	There is a wildlife reservation in my hometown . I went there for a class assignment . People put food out for birds . I walked down a trail . Then I saw thousands of them .	LOCATION bought binoculars . He took them outside . He saw birds . He watched them . They became his friends .	PERSON was relaxing in his backyard . He was watching the birds on his porch . All of a sudden a bird pooped on his head . PERSON ran inside his house to clean up the mess . PERSON decided to watch the birds from the safety of his home after .	PERSON wanted to go bird watching . He took his binoculars and went to the park . PERSON saw many beautiful birds at the park . When he was done , he had many birds in his collection . PERSON was proud to be a bird watcher .	PERSON liked to go on birdwatching expeditions . On one expedition he lost his binoculars . He decided to pack his things and go home . PERSON 's friend had an extra pair of binoculars . PERSON was able to enjoy the expedition using his friend 's binoculars .	PERSON needed a new hobby . He noticed there are a lot of beautiful birds in his neighborhood . PERSON decided he would research bird watching as a hobby . He bought binoculars and a book about birds . Jeff in enjoying his new hobby .	I wanted to get into bird watching as a hobby . I bought a bird checklist book . I bought a good pair of binoculars . I went exploring near my house . I only saw one bird and it was a sea gull .
hard work pays off	PERSON wanted to learn how to speak German . He bought several review books . He created a routine that consists of 1 hour study sessions daily . His school gave him a study abroad scholarship four years later . He was able to travel to LOCATION and improve his language skills .	PERSON was n't the tallest or fastest boy trying out for the basketball . But he was one of the hardest working . He had practiced his free throws all summer . He had a chance to show off his skills at tryouts . He made the team !	PERSON was feeling inspired . She saw a coworker get a huge commission and PERSON wanted it , too . She worked hard to make a lot of sales . When the quarter ended , PERSON was the top seller . She felt so proud to reach her goal .	PERSON was an average student in college . He spent most of his time playing and goofing around . He somehow found a good job despite his bad grades . Unfortunately for him , the company shut down soon . He now struggled to find a job and regretted his laziness in college .	PERSON was a very good swimmer . She took part in lots of competitions and often came first . The upcoming competition was very important so she had to do well . She trained extremely hard . In the end PERSON did n't win , but still qualified for nationals .	PERSON really wanted to go to graduate school for her PhD in biology . Unfortunately , PERSON lacked the research experience necessary . PERSON got a job as a research technician . She worked very hard for two years . After that , she was accepted to a top PhD program .	I was working at am plant for a temp agency . I was asked to go to work for the plant directly . My contract required me to give 2 weeks notice . For 2 weeks I had to work days for the temp and nights for the plant . It was really worth the extra money it brought in .	PERSON wanted a new truck . He needed five thousand dollars for the down payment . PERSON took an extra seasonal job at a fireworks stand . PERSON saved his money all summer . On Labor Day , PERSON drove home his new red Ford F150 pickup truck .	PERSON needed money to buy a new iphone . He did not have a job . PERSON decided to through the neighborhood and ask to mow lawns . He did such a wonderful job that many others wanted their lawns mowed . Within two weeks PERSON had enough money to buy the iphone .
competition	PERSON wanted to enter a bodybuilding competition . She worked for months on her fitness . She lifted weights . She ate healthy things and drank water . She was happy when she won the competition .	PERSON is very competitive . He always tries to beat everyone he competes with . One day , PERSON 's brother challenges him to a game of chess . PERSON lost the chess match to his brother . Now , PERSON tries to be less competitive and more understanding .	PERSON challenged PERSON to a basketball game . PERSON had always won in the past . But PERSON had been practicing . PERSON was overconfident . And PERSON ended up winning .	PERSON wanted to audition for the local singing competition . He listened to many songs before hearing the one he wanted to sing . He was nervous but no one in the audience could tell . PERSON sang the song with no mistakes at all . The judges announced PERSON as the winner .	PERSON was the toughest guy in town . The neighborhood punks did not mess with him . However , one day he was harassed and he did not fight back . He was tough but not a fighter . But when the punks messed with his friends he finally fought back .	PERSON has a gambling problem . He made a bet that PERSON would win a tournament at school . Harry is the underdog in the competition . Surprisingly , PERSON tied for first place . PERSON lost his bet on a technicality .	PERSON thought he was very good a certain game . He decided to enter a local tournament . He showed up and won his first game and was excited . He then proceeded to get beaten badly by the next two competitors . He was discouraged , but still determined to get better at the game .	PERSON had some competition . He was trying out for the baseball team . Suddenly , all of his friends wanted to try out too . He got so worried that he practiced 5 hours a day . When tryouts came , he blew them all away .	PERSON was in a local cooking competition , and doing quite well . Her first two courses had been great , and she only had dessert left . Baking was her specialty and she was already dreaming of victory ! She was so caught up , she did n't hear the timer go off . Her dish was n't done in time , and she was disqualified .
weight	PERSON was at least fifty pounds overweight , maybe more . He tried countless diets . He tried numerous exercise regimens . No matter what he tried , his weight would not budge . He consulted a physician , and finally the weight started melting away .	PERSON is going through sleep paralysis . He feels a weight on his stomach . He ca n't see what it is but he senses it is something evil . All he can do is wait for his body to wake up . In time , it does and he can move yet again .	PERSON wants to lose some weight . She decides to go jogging . She made it into a routine and jogged everyday . She then lost 5 pounds in 2 weeks . She was happy and decides to do it for another month .	I have always been thin . Other women are jealous of my weight . I gained weight by building muscle mass . Now I am very strong . I am happy with my body .	PERSON 's friends mentioned that she had gained some weight . PERSON did not believe them . But then she tried on her favorite pair of jeans . They were so snug , they did not zip ! Now PERSON knew she had gained weight !	PERSON was over weight . It made her very unhappy . She decided to make some life changes . She started seeing a life coach . It made a world of difference !	I decided to lose weight . I had a lot of weight to get rid of . I embarked on a low calorie diet . I was so tired I could barely get out of bed . Eventually , I started feeling better and losing weight .	PERSON was fed up with not being able to put on weight . Despite eating until she felt sick , PERSON could not put on weight . PERSON was an overweight friend of PERSON . PERSON told PERSON it must be nice to be able to just eat everything . PERSON snapped at PERSON and told her she was ignorant .	When i was in college i was too worried about my weight . During vacant time all i do is eating . Until i get fat and gain weight . I tried all vitamins that could make me slim and lost weight . But nothing has changed , i 'm still fat and loves to eat .
car shopping	PERSON needed a new car . He went to the Ford dealership . He found a great Ford Focus . He was able to make a great deal . He drove away happy .	PERSON wanted to buy a new car . She visited many dealerships and test drove many cars . She found a car she liked . She negotiated with the salesman for a lower price . She bought a new car and felt great about her choice .	We went car shopping . I knew what I wanted . I also knew what I could afford . I finally found one that I loved . I bought myself a new car .	I needed to get a new car . My old one just keeps breaking down . I went to the dealer to browse some cars . I picked a few that I really liked . I plan on going back to make a final decision next week .	My husband and I decided to buy a specific new car for me . We were not having any luck finding it in the color I wanted . I suddenly got ill and was rushed to ER and into surgery . It was decided we would wait and car shop when I mended . Imagine my surprise when he picked me up in my new red car !	PERSON set out to buy herself a car . She went to the lots and found them manipulative . She checked magazines and found them to be sell-outs . She listened to friends and found them to be biased . PERSON did her own research online , and made an informed purchase .	PERSON wanted a new vehicle . He drove to a dealership . He browsed many vehicles . He test drove one he liked . He purchased the vehicle .	The PERSON family went to the Subaru dealership to look at cars to buy . They wanted a Subaru and test drove several models . The sedans were nice but the mini SUV had more space . The PERSON family discussed each of their opinions on the cars . They purchased the SUV model and rode home happy .	A man was in the market for a new car . He drove to many dealerships . He researched many vehicles . He found a great vehicle . He purchased the vehicle .
snowball fight	It snowed a lot yesterday . PERSON and I had to shovel the sidewalk . PERSON made a snowball and threw at me . I made a snowball and threw it back at PERSON . We ended of having a snowball fight instead of shoveling snow .	The neighborhood children were having a snowball fight . At one point , PERSON got hit in the face with the snowball . She started to cry , and her mother came outside . She hugged her . PERSON eventually stopped crying .	PERSON was excited when she woke up and saw it had snowed overnight . She wanted to throw a snowball at her mother . But her mom warned her she would get in trouble if she did . PERSON still had a good time playing , and was on her way back inside . She was suddenly hit with a snowball , and her mother was the culprit !	PERSON has always wanted to be in a snowball fight . She thought it would be a lot of fun . One winter , there was snowfall where she leaves . So she decided to have a snowball fight with some friends . But she got hit in the head and decided snowball fights were no fun .	The first snow came while the kids were in school . When they walked out the ground was covered . The oldest decided to roll up a ball and throw it . Once that started , a snowball fight broke out . The kids had the best time ever .	It had snowed six inches last night . All the neighborhood kids were outside playing . PERSON built a fort and armed it with dozens of snowballs . His friend PERSON did the same on the other side of the street . They had an epic snowball fight that day !	PERSON was walking to school on a snowy day . Out of nowhere a snowball hit her in the face . She looked up to see her crush PERSON had thrown it . She laughed and threw one back . PERSON 's hair was soaked when she got to school .	It was the first day of winter and it was snowing . Harry wanted to have a snowball fight . He went around the street calling his friends out to play . Eventually , PERSON had gathered forty people . They had an extremely fun snowball fight !	PERSON was crouched behind the fence . She had hand-packed thirty snowballs . Her brother came around the corner . PERSON stood to throw her snowballs . Five armed boys showered her with snowballs .
the ticket	PERSON was ready to board the train and go home . She checked to make sure she had all of her items . She realized that she did not have her train ticket ! She ran home from the station to find the ticket . By the time she got back to the station , the train had left .	PERSON was driving on the highway . An ambulance was behind PERSON . She did n't pull over for the ambulance to pass . A police officer saw everything happen . He pulled over PERSON and gave her a ticket .	PERSON went walking one day . While crossing the street he noticed a scrap of paper . On a whim , he picked it up . It turned out to be a concert ticket for that night ! PERSON enjoyed the free entertainment thoroughly .	PERSON was late for school because of her broken alarm clock . She knew she was speeding , but did n't see any police cars around . Suddenly a police car appeared in her rearview mirror . The policeman wrote her a ticket that would cost $ 200 . PERSON drove away thinking how much cheaper a new clock would have been .	I took a drive out to visit my mom . A cop pulled up behind me and turned his lights on . He asked for my license and insurance so I gave it to him . He showed me my driver 's license had expired last month . He gave me an extremely expensive ticket and let me drive away .	PERSON dreamed of winning the lottery . He bought lottery tickets every day for years . PERSON 's dad told him he was wasting money . Deciding to stop buying tickets , PERSON bought one last ticket . PERSON won the lottery for 5 million dollars .	PERSON went to the dry cleaners to pick up his suit . He realized that he lost his claim ticket when the clerk asked for it . PERSON lept over the counter and ran towards his suit . The workers at the dry cleaners tried to tackle PERSON . PERSON was too quick for them and escaped with his suit .	I was caught speeding in my sports car . The police officer gave me a ticket . I cursed at him and threw the ticket out the window . I decided to drive off into the distance . The policeman caught me and sent me to jail .	PERSON was on his way to work one morning . He was pulled over for going over the speed limit . PERSON was sure he was n't speeding and tried to argue . The cop did n't care and gave him a ticket anyway . Now PERSON has to fight it in court .
vegan	I loved to eat meat . One day , I decided to become a vegan . It was hard to be vegan . Eventually , it got so hard that I could n't stop thinking about meat . Finally , I decided to give in and go back to eating meat .	PERSON loved animals very much . PERSON read about how her animal friends became her food . PERSON decided she did n't want to eat animals anymore . PERSON became a vegan . PERSON now eats food that only comes from plants .	PERSON ate cheese pizza . The cheese pizza made him sick . He spent the rest of the day in the bathroom . PERSON was now afraid to eat cheese . He decided to become vegan to avoid getting sick .	PERSON took a girl on a date . But at dinner , she said she was vegan . She could not eat burgers or pizza . Brad worried , but the girl ordered french fries . She ate them and seemed happy enough .	PERSON adored animals . She resolved to become a vegan . At first it was hard , but she was determined . Soon her cravings for meat and dairy lessened . After a while , she did not even miss animal products !	PERSON committed to veganism . At first it was hard . It felt like she could not eat anything at all ! But she gradually found substitutes for most foods . Soon she was effortlessly choosing vegan options !	PERSON and PERSON were vegans . They got into a discussion with PERSON , who is not a vegan . They debated for a long time , but could not agree . They decided to agree to disagree . It was important to them to respect each other , despite disagreeing .	PERSON loved eating meat . However his girlfriend was vegan . He could never decide on where to eat . PERSON hated vegan food . PERSON finally found an all you can eat buffet for both of them .	PERSON decided to be vegan . She thought it sounded easy . But the more she learned , the harder it got . There were animal products in almost everything ! PERSON realized it would be hard work becoming vegan .
juggling	PERSON saw someone juggling and wanted to learn himself . He researched it online . He began tossing two objects in one hand to learn . After perfecting this skill , using 3 objects and 2 hands was easy . PERSON successfully learned to juggle .	I wanted to learn how to juggle so I signed up for a class . I showed up for the first class and the instructor was a clown . He taught us the basics of juggling three balls . He then asked us to try juggling like he taught us . After a lot of practice , I was able to juggle !	PERSON wanted to learn how to juggle , so he taught himself . After a few months of practice , he was capable of juggling well . PERSON wanted to think of a way to show off his new talent . He planned on going to a juggling class , just to brag about his skill . However , he quickly realized he was not as skilled as he had thought !	One day PERSON decided to teach himself how to juggle . He looked up lessons on the Internet . He taught himself over a course of three days . Eventually he was a master ! He loved to entertain kids .	PERSON wanted to impress his friends . PERSON knew how to juggle . PERSON juggled for his friends . His friends enjoyed the show . PERSON was happy to captivate his friends attention .	My friend PERSON is a great juggler . I used to watch him juggle all the time . I tried to learn how to juggle . I tried to have PERSON teach me , but it was too hard . I do n't think I 'll ever be able to juggle like PERSON .	PERSON wanted to learn juggling to impress his wife . It proved to be a tremendously difficult feat ! But , PERSON knew that if he kept practicing he would achieve success . PERSON practiced for weeks ! Eventually , he learned how to juggle and his wife was not impressed .	PERSON always wanted to juggle but could n't . One day , he went to the circus . He watched them jiggle and started learning . One day , he was finally able to juggle . PERSON joined the circus and became a natural .	PERSON went to a renaissance faire . She saw a juggling show . After , she found a juggling shop . The shop workers showed her tips to help learn to juggle . She bought a set of juggling balls to take home .
depression	PERSON was n't sure what was wrong with her . She did n't seem sick but she could n't get out of bed . PERSON 's mom would yell at her to get up and go to school . PERSON finally saw a doctor and explained her problems . The doctor said PERSON was depressed .	PERSON was really depressed . His brother had died . It made him so sad . He finally talked to a professional . Now he is able to work out his problems .	PERSON believed that the world was a waste of time and stayed in . He took pills for his depression but never seemed to get better . One day a friend came to see him and advised him to see a shrink . He agreed and went to see one being tired of all the pills . He realized that all this time needed someone to talk to not drugs .	I tried to fight off the sad feelings . Every morning felt increasingly worse . I did n't want to get out of bed . I did n't want to clean the house . I just wanted to disappear into oblivion .	My partner realized she is depressed this year . I helped her find a psychiatrist and a therapist . She diligently took her medications . She felt determined to get better . The struggle made her a stronger person .	PERSON was feeling extremely depressed about life . He decided to see a shrink . The shrink told him that he needed more outside activity . PERSON joined the city 's soccer team . PERSON had so much fun that he no longer was depressed .	One of our condo neighbors was friendly to us . He drank beer on the porch and smiled a lot . A few years later he suffered from depression . He yelled at children in the condo . Lately he has been getting better after taking medication .	PERSON fell into a big depression . He had a very hard time reaching out to his friends for help . He 'd take too many medicines to ease the pain . And when his friends came over , he did n't recognize them . With patience and love , he managed to get better over time .	PERSON had been feeling depressed lately . She decided to go to a psychiatrist . Her psychiatrist diagnosed her with depression after seeing her . He prescribed an antidepressant for her . It eventually made her feel better again .
the PERSON	The PERSON were planning on having dinner . They ran out of ground beef and could n't make tacos . They went to the store and bought ground beef . They came home and prepared tacos . The Johnsons had tacos for dinner .	PERSON PERSON PERSON that he could make a basketball shot . PERSON did n't think PERSON would make it . They went out to the basketball court . PERSON shot the ball and it went in . PERSON was very impressed with his friend 's skill .	The kids liked doing art projects . PERSON was their favorite medium . They would sculpt bowls and vases . Then they would put them in the kiln . They loved showing off their projects .	I used to own an old Rambler . I always name my cars . I was thinking of a name for the Rambler but was having trouble . Then it dawned on me I could name it after my best friend 's wife . So I named the PERSON PERSON .	PERSON was an arrogant child . He became a successful businessman . He had a successful TV show . He decided to run for president . Despite spewing flagrant lies , he was a popular candidate .	Our dog , Mooch , volunteered to live with us so we never fenced him in . He would go for a daily walk up the road and come back . We never knew where he went until one day our neighbor came by . It turned out he would stop and beg all the neighbors for a snack . That is when we realized PERSON was a perfect name for him .	PERSON liked to DJ in his spare time . He DJ 'd at a local benefit . One of the people in the crowd was getting married in a year . They liked how PERSON PERSON 'd . The person asked PERSON to DJ their wedding .	PERSON and PERSON were eating pizza . PERSON took a bite , but he did not swallow the pizza correctly . He began to choke , and his face turned blue . PERSON ran over to PERSON and performed the PERSON maneuver . PERSON saved PERSON 's life .	PERSON was at her grandmother 's house . Her grandmother refused to let her watch Nickelodeon . Grandmother turned on The Jetsons . PERSON laughed at the cartoon calling it old fashioned . By the end of the episode she wanted to watch more PERSON .
new puppy	PERSON got a new puppy . He was planning all the fun they would have together . He walked into his bedroom and gasped . The puppy had pooped on his shoes . PERSON spent the evening learning how to house train the puppy .	PERSON 's parents promised her a new puppy for her birthday . Her parents took her to the pet store to take a look . PERSON 's eyes laid on this beautiful brown dog that was very small . The dog was waiting to be adopted and PERSON picked it up . PERSON was so excited to have her new puppy .	PERSON wanted a new puppy . She begged her parents for one . Finally they gave in . When her parents gave in , PERSON was happy . PERSON named her lily .	Amber really wanted a puppy . She had never had a pet before . She begged her parents to get her one . Her parents refused . Finally her parents agreed to buy her one .	PERSON was getting a new puppy for his birthday . His parents took him to the shelter to pick out the best one . PERSON looked at all of the puppies . He fell in love with a brown lab who liked to play . PERSON was excited to take home his new puppy .	PERSON wanted to buy a puppy . She went to the pet store to pick one out . She spotted a cute wiener dog on display . She purchased the puppy at the front of the counter . She brought it home and named him PERSON .	PERSON went to the store to buy snacks . When he was leaving the store he dropped some chips . A small puppy grabbed it and tried to ran away . PERSON picked up the puppy and his chips . PERSON said I am going to call you PERSON	One day I woke up and wanted a new puppy . I researched puppies for adoption in my city . I found a great match and went to visit her at her rescue group . I fell in love immediately ! Now , I have a five month old puppy who runs the house !	PERSON really wanted a new puppy . She had never had a pet before so she begged her parents . Her parents finally said yes . They took PERSON to the pet store so she could pick one out . When PERSON got her puppy , it was the happiest moment .
haunted house	PERSON bought a new farm house . The house was in the middle of the woods . He fell in love with the house . PERSON started to hear noises . He then saw a ghost one night .	PERSON was excited to go to his first Halloween haunted house . He persuaded his parents to let him go on the scariest tour . PERSON clung to his mom as they went through the haunted house . He was so relieved when he finally saw the exit door . Outside , a man with a chainsaw was waiting to give one last fright .	PERSON is easy to scare . She liked Halloween for that reason . She chose to go to a haunted house with friends . She was scared throughout . Her screams were amusing to everyone else .	Kia 's friends invited her to a haunted house . She agreed to go , but had low expectations . She doubted she 'd actually be scared . Surprisingly , though , the house was very spooky ! Kia had to admit she was pleasantly surprised .	PERSON agreed to run her school 's annual haunted house fundraiser . She tried to make it scary , but she was nervous . She thought people would hate it or mock her efforts . But the next day , everyone congratulated her ! They said PERSON 's haunted house was the scariest ever !	PERSON wanted to set up a haunted house for the neighborhood kids . He bought cheap decorations and decorated his lower floor . Then he invited the younger neighborhood kids and their parents . To his surprise , they really enjoyed it ! Each of them told PERSON what a great job he had done .	Will and his friends went to a haunted house . Will had never been to one before . This made him feel a little nervous about what to expect . At one point during the tour Will screamed like a little girl . To this day , his buddies still tease Will about that scream .	PERSON was a kid who went to the Halloween carnival with his cousins . PERSON was scared of the haunted house . His cousins teased him for being scared so PERSON cautiously went in . His cousins screamed and closed their eyes while PERSON was brave . PERSON 's cousins admired him for being so brave afterwards .	PERSON loved going to haunted houses for Halloween . He convinced his girlfriend to go with him . PERSON 's girlfriend did n't like them at all . She broke down halfway through and refused to keep walking . They had to let her and PERSON out a side exist .
true love	PERSON had fallen in love with her boyfriend . She was scared to admit it however . One evening , her boyfriend got very drunk . As he laid on the sofa eating fries , he told PERSON he loved her . PERSON reciprocated the following morning .	PERSON met a girl named beverly . PERSON really likes beverly so he do efforts for her to noticed him . He gives her flower in the morning and chocolate in the afternoon . Because of that they became close friends . After five years , they became husband and wife .	A single woman dreamed of one day having a husband . So the single woman put an ad on Craigslist seeking a relationship . The single woman got an email message from a young man . The young man sent a picture that she found attractive . She and the young man went on to date and eventually got married .	Penny and PERSON have been in love with each other for a long time . PERSON met PERSON at work . She had a fiance at the time they met . John never lost hope . Years later , they are happily married .	PERSON and PERSON had been together since middle school . Now that they graduated college they wanted to get married . PERSON wanted to propose at a special place because he loved PERSON . One day he took her to their first date spot and popped the question . PERSON said yes and cried of excited in response to him .	PERSON wanted to find a person to spend his life with . He tried going out to bars , and that did n't work . He tried speed-dating , and that did n't work . Finally , he tried setting up an online dating profile . PERSON was matched with a nice person and enjoyed his relationship .	PERSON and PERSON first met each other at a grocery store . Their carts bumped into each other by accident . Their eyes met at first glance . They both knew it was love at first sight . They now live happily ever after .	PERSON had a crush on Padme since he was ten years old . He grew up and they reunited . He dreamed about her for years . They started spending time together and bonded . Eventually they started a relationship together .	PERSON worked in law enforcement . One of his coworkers was a great friend . Felicity really liked him , but he did n't want to date her . Finally she started dating , and he was jealous . They finally got together and got married !
beer	PERSON went out for Saint PERSON 's Day . She had several green beers . She felt festive at first , but then kind of sick . The next morning , she was very hung over ! PERSON decided not to drink so much any more .	PERSON turned twenty-one years old . He decided to start drinking beer . Over the years , PERSON became an alcoholic . One day , he realized that the beer was killing him . PERSON decided to quit drinking beer .	PERSON was having friends over for drinks . But PERSON had no beer . So he drove to the store . He found the biggest pack of his favorite beer and got it . Him and his friends had a good night drinking beer .	PERSON was trying different beers with her friends . She could n't stomach alcohol and so got drunk easily . While her friends were having a conversation , PERSON went nuts . She tried to pee in her friend 's yard outside . PERSON had to be driven home by her friends .	Frank was a big drinker . One night PERSON and his friend had a drinking contest . Frank drank nearly two beers for every one of his friends . Near the end they both could barely stand . Frank was declared the winner while he was passed out in a can pile .	PERSON went to the store . She was shopping for some beer . She was undecided about whether to buy cheap beer or craft beer . After browsing for awhile , she came to a decision . She was going to save some money and buy the cheap beer .	PERSON drove to the store to buy a beer . He opened the beer while driving . A cop pulled him over immediately . PERSON spit out the beer in the cop 's face . He then drove off and the cop gave chase .	PERSON went to baseball game . Her friends bought her back a beer . As she was drinking it , she kept sneezing . She then started breaking out . PERSON figured out she was gluten-intolerant .	PERSON invited his friends over for some beers . But he had no beer . So he went to the store and got some . His friends went over . They all got drunk and had a good time .
crush	PERSON liked this girl . The girl sat in front of him . He played with her hair . She told him to stop . He stopped it .	I have a crush on the person that sits next to me in class . She has long blonde hair and brown eyes . I hope I see her at the dance . I 'm going to ask her to dance with me . Hopefully she 'll be my girlfriend after that .	Candy has a crush on her classmate PERSON . Candy is trying to find a way to tell him about her feelings . Candy decided to write a note to PERSON . PERSON , however , showed the note to all his friends . Candy 's feelings were hurt by what her crush did .	My friend told me that a girl liked me . We were at the swimming pool . I asked her if she actually liked me . She said she did . I jumped into the pool with her .	PERSON and PERSON had a class together in college . PERSON sat across from PERSON and always thought she was cute . One day Al got up the courage to talk to PERSON . PERSON asked PERSON on a date . PERSON agreed to go out with PERSON because she had a crush on him as well .	Today was the first day of my college year . I was so nervous I could n't sleep the night before my first class . When I arrived , I saw the prettiest girl in all of the world . She saw me looking at her and waved me over . We talked and decided to date .	PERSON just started middle school . She was nervous but excited . She met a boy on the bus the first day . They hit it off and became friends . This boy was her new crush .	PERSON liked PERSON . He told her best friend , Sue that he liked PERSON . Sue told PERSON to ask PERSON on a date . PERSON walked up to PERSON nervously and asked her on a date . PERSON agreed to go on a date with PERSON , which made him happy .	PERSON had a crush on a girl . He was afraid of approaching her . He thought about what he should do . He got his friend to talk to her . PERSON 's friend ended up dating the girl !
baby shower	PERSON was so excited for her baby shower . She had been through so many months of being pregnant . She just wanted a day to relax and see all her friends . She had such a wonderful day and was showered with all these gifts . She thanked everyone and went home to relax and wait for the baby .	PERSON was having a baby shower . Yet she did not tell her friends what she was having . She kept it a surprise . Therefore when they found out she was having a boy they freaked . Everyone was very excited .	PERSON was having a baby shower . She invited her mom , hoping she would attend . Her mom said that she would be working that weekend . Instead , her mom drove a friend 's daughter to a college interview . PERSON found out on Facebook , and was heartbroken .	PERSON 's company instituted a generous maternity leave . She joked to co-workers that she 'd be starting a family now . The next week , PERSON heard her co-workers planning a baby shower . When she did n't get an invitation , PERSON was miffed . PERSON felt mortified when the shower recipient turned out to be her .	PERSON was having a baby . Her friends threw her a shower . PERSON had a miscarriage right before . She had to cancel the shower . Everyone was saddened .	PERSON was having a baby . She was excited that it was her first . Her friends decided to throw her a surprise shower . When PERSON walked in the door , her face was completely shocked . She was so happy about the shower .	PERSON woke up and got ready for a baby shower in her honor . She made haste getting ready because the shower was an hour away . She got in the car with plenty of time to spare . However , on the way she lost a tire . She replaced the tire and made it to the shower only 15 minutes late .	My daughter went to a baby shower two weeks ago . She lives in LOCATION LOCATION , while the shower was in LOCATION . She took a flight on Saturday . She attended the shower on Sunday and took a red eye home that night . She was very tired but pleased to see her friends in LOCATION .	PERSON decided to throw a baby shower for expected baby girl . She bought invitations and invited all of her friends . She got decorations , and ordered a cake for the event . She bought a new dress to wear to the shower . On the day of the shower , her friends and family gave her many gifts .
baby bird	PERSON noticed a baby bird on the ground in front of a tree . She looked up and saw a nest about 8 feet up . She carefully lifted the baby into the nest . The mother came back with food for her babies . She did n't seem to notice one had been touched by a person .	Jean found a baby bird injured . The bird had fallen from a tree in the backyard . She took the bird inside to be treated by her mother . The bird had to stay with her family for three days . Eventually the bird was well enough to be let go outside .	I saw the baby sparrow fall out of the nest . I watched as it stumbled around and seemed to be unharmed . I wondered if I should put him back in his nest . I did not have to because the momma bird still fed him on the ground . Baby learned to fly three days later .	PERSON found a tiny bird on the ground . It had fallen from its nest ! PERSON took it inside and made it a home . Then she fed it by hand every day . Soon the bird strengthened and flew away !	A baby bird was sitting in the nest . There was a big gust of wind , and the baby bird fell out of the nest . Luckily , it landed safely on the ground . The mommy bird came back to feed the baby , but could n't find it ! The mommy checked the ground and brought the baby bird back home .	Joy noticed a tiny bird on the ground . She looked up , seeing a nest a few feet above the ground . The mother bird was not in it . Joy used her scarf to lift the baby bird into the nest . She was thrilled to see the mom come back a few minutes later .	A baby bird was in a small nest . It had just grown new feathers to fly . The mother bird nuzzled the little bird with its wings . It wanted the baby bird to learn how to fly . With a push of wings , the baby bird flew high in the sky .	While walking in his backyard , little Finn found a baby bird . It was chirping on the ground . PERSON ran to get his mom . His mom grabbed a ladder to put the baby bird back in it 's nest . PERSON was glad he found the bird .	PERSON had a gun that she loved to shoot . She would throw frisbees into the air and shoot them down . One day while target practicing , she shot a baby bird . PERSON felt heartbroken and cried all night . The next day , PERSON sold her gun and shot no more .
bee sting	I went to my backyard to ride on the swings . After several minutes , a bee flew in my direction . It landed on my ear and bit bee . I immediately jumped out of the swings and ran . My mom decided to clean the sting with some alcohol .	PERSON had never experienced a big sting . He thought that bee stings were no big deal . One day he was mowing the lawn and a wasp stung him in the shoulder . The pain was shocking to the extreme . PERSON now understood why people feared bee stings .	When PERSON was out playing with friends she was having fun . Everything was going great . Until she got stung by a bee . PERSON screamed in pain . Luckily her friend had a first aid kit so she was okay .	PERSON was playing outside . She was looking at her neighbor 's flowers . There were bees in the neighbor 's flowerbed . One of the bees was agitated by PERSON . PERSON was stung by the bee .	PERSON was outside in the garden . While she was planting flowers , a bee stung her . She started getting dizzy . She yelled out for help . PERSON had an allergic reaction and passed out .	PERSON was on a picnic in the park . She was pouring sweet soda to drink . Suddenly a bee flew onto the rim of her cup . PERSON swished at it , but it grew mad and stung her ! PERSON cried from the pain of the sting .	I went to a barbecue at my uncle 's house today . There was a bee flying around my food . I tried to swat it with my arm . The bee buzzed and stung me on the arm . I was in so much pain .	PERSON was hiking in the forest . PERSON was stung by an angry bee . PERSON was allergic to bees . PERSON immediately hiked out of the woods . PERSON went to the emergency room to get treated .	I sat on a bee in the locker room . I jumped around in pain . I began to cry because my friend was laughing at me . A nice lady came and took the stinger out of my butt . I left my friend behind in the locker room .
haircut	PERSON thought her hair was too long . She went to the hairdresser . She decided to get a pixie cut . She was nervous that the pixie cut would not look good on her . PERSON got lots of compliments on her haircut the next day .	PERSON made an appointment at the hair salon . She told the hairstylist to trim her hair by an inch . Her hairstylist however , cut her her hair way too short . PERSON was very upset about it . She decided to never go back to this hairstylist again .	Kia was about to get her first haircut . She was only six and she was afraid . She thought it might hurt . But the hair lady was actually very nice to her . Kia was relieved to find it was a painless process !	Yesterday I got a haircut . I told my stylist I wanted to do something bold this time . I told her to surprise me with something fun . She gave me the most adorable and funky pixie cut . I 'm in love with my new look !	PERSON decided that she wanted to cut her hair . She woke up early one day and headed to the nearest salon . Once there , the owner asked her what sort of look she wanted . PERSON showed her a picture out of a magazine . After the owner was finished , PERSON marveled at her new hair .	PERSON was getting a haircut at the barber shop . The barber did not understand what PERSON wanted . He ended up shaving PERSON 's head . PERSON was very upset . He went home and bought a wig .	Last week I decided to get a new haircut . It turned out to look terrible . Everyone made fun of me for it . The teasing was relentless . I decided to just shave my head instead .	PERSON was job hunting and had not had much luck . PERSON decided to get a new haircut to see if it would help . PERSON had a job interview and it went well . She however did not receive a job offer . PERSON decided that the haircut did not help her job hunt .	The girl needed a new haircut . She could not afford to go to the salon she wanted . She hired her best friend . She was glad . She got the best haircut ever .
hockey	I was playing street hockey with some neighborhood kids . We split up into two teams . My team was beaten the first two games . We discussed strategy to do better the next game . We worked together to implement our plan and finally won a game .	PERSON thought he was great at hockey . He challenged PERSON to a quick game . PERSON did n't know that PERSON was good at hockey . The game was very intense and lasted a while . Eventually , PERSON ended up beating PERSON at hockey .	I have been playing hockey on the lake all winter . I am getting really fast and accurate with my shot . I am going to try to make the school hockey team next year . I have been practicing my stick handling lately . I carry my hockey stick everywhere with me now for training .	PERSON loved playing hockey . He practiced very hard . He ended up joining the high school team . He led the team in points during the season . He was named team MVP .	PERSON wanted to be a hockey player . Even though he tried really hard , she was not very good at the sport . One day , he decided to ask a friend to teach him . He practiced hard for many weeks . Now PERSON is the best hockey player on the team .	A little boy went to his first hockey game . He was so happy that the home team beat the opponent . For Christmas , he asked for some ice skates . He practiced skating every day . Years later , he became the star of his high school hockey team .	PERSON was the best goaltender in his school PERSON thought he could score a goal on him , and so he made a bet When they got on the ice , PERSON took the puck and scored a goal . PERSON got angry and made another bet He lost again , and vowed to get better .	PERSON always wanted to play hockey . But PERSON was terrible at skating , and he was having a lot of trouble . PERSON 's sister was a really great skater . She spent many nights helping him with his skating . The next winter , PERSON made the school hockey team !	PERSON wanted to play hockey . He tried out for the school team . But he failed ! He practiced all year and tried again next year . Then he finally made the team !
sunglasses	PERSON thought he was cool . He walked into a building . He did n't take his sunglasses off . All the students got jealous . PERSON started a new craze .	My wife babysat her 22 month old grandnephew PERSON today . PERSON was very active and ran around a lot . She gave him her sunglasses to play with . PERSON broke her sunglasses . Luckily it was a cheap pair .	PERSON was going to Target to buy home supplies . She saw the dollar section and decided to browse . She found toys and things for kids to enjoy . She decided to buy a pair of the sunglasses for niece and nephew . PERSON was certain the kids would love them .	PERSON always really wanted sunglasses , but she had expensive glasses . She could n't afford the lenses she needed for sunglasses . For her birthday I decided I was gon na get her glasses . I found a pair that I knew she liked and bought the frames . I bought the prescription lenses as well and she loved the gift !	PERSON loved sunglasses . She wanted to buy a new pair . However , the pair she wanted was too expensive . She decided to save up . PERSON was very excited when she was able to buy them .	PERSON was at work with a Migraine . She did n't have much sick time so she stayed at work . Her friend came and told her to try wearing sunglasses . PERSON knew the light made it worse , but she had no sunglasses at work . PERSON was overjoyed when her friend allowed her to wear her sunglasses .	PERSON did n't like the sun . She wore black sunglasses everywhere she went . Her new boyfriend who liked her eyes asked her to remove her glasses . When she did , the sun suddenly bathed her face with warmth . She was so surprised to like it , she threw her sunglasses away .	Our 2 year old granddaughter is fussy now . She likes a pair of blue sunglasses . Today she was in a car and wanted sunglasses . Her father offered red or pink glasses . She cried a lot until she got the blue sunglasses .	PERSON spent a lot of time on his speed boat at the lake . He dropped his sunglasses in the lake when the boat was docked . He was upset because the sunglasses were very expensive . After a long drought the lake water level dropped . PERSON found his expensive sunglasses in the mud at the dock .
the phone	PERSON was always getting calls from telemarketers . He was so frustrated he signed up for the do not call list . PERSON still got the occasional call though . One night PERSON got another call and he had a breakdown . PERSON destroyed his phone and never heard a telemarketer again .	PERSON was looking through her purse . She could n't find her phone . She checked each pocket and corner . Finally , she found it in her desk . She was glad it was n't lost !	I went to the grocery store this morning . I used my cell phone to check the coupons in my account . When I got home , I could n't find my cell phone . I called the store and someone had turned it in . I had to go back to the store , but was very glad to have my phone !	Adam wanted to play Pokemon Go . His mom let him use her phone . While walking around the neighborhood he tripped and fell . The screen shattered from the fall . PERSON returned the phone to his mom , looking guilty .	PERSON was in English class texting his friend . The teacher told PERSON to put the phone away , but he did n't . Finally the teacher walked over and took the phone . PERSON was upset and argued with the teacher . Since PERSON argued the teacher decided to tell his mom he was rude .	PERSON dropped her phone . The phone 's screen shattered as it hit the ground . PERSON picked up the phone . She went to the store to get it repaired . She ended up buying a newer phone .	PERSON wanted to call her friend PERSON . But her brother was on the phone . He only stared at her when she tried to find out when he would finish . She sat patiently and waited for him to finish . As soon as he did she grabbed the phone and began to dial .	I needed a brand new phone . I found the one I wanted . I had to work five extra shifts to afford it . When I got the money , I ran to the store . I was so happy when I held the new phone in my hands .	PERSON could not find his cell phone . He had a friend call his phone in an attempt of finding it . They never heard the phone ring . It had been accidentally turned off . However , PERSON found the phone in his pocket .
leaving	PERSON kissed PERSON 's forehead . A tear slid silently down PERSON 's cheek . It was hard to leave , but PERSON turned and walked quickly away . PERSON said nothing as he watched her go . Finally , he too , turned and walked away .	As PERSON left the principal 's office she saw classes were letting out . She had n't realized how long she had been in there . She headed up the stairs to her classroom . When she entered her teacher stared at her . She ignored her and grabbed her things to leave .	The funeral was over and everyone was leaving . PERSON sat and held her grandma 's hand while her mother got the car . PERSON grabbed her grandma 's purse and helped her to the car . She held her arm and lowered her into the front seat . She climbed in the back seat , and they drove to the cemetery .	PERSON had just finished packing his car for college . He was just about to leave . When he went to say goodbye to his parents , his mom started crying . Her crying made PERSON cry as well . PERSON realized that he was going to miss his parents .	PERSON 's best friend PERSON joined the Army . PERSON was shocked since PERSON was n't very disciplined . It was the day she was leaving and PERSON dropped her off . As she walked away PERSON had a hard time accepting she was leaving . PERSON waved goodbye to her teary eyed friend .	PERSON decided he was going to leave PERSON . He had been unhappy for a long time . He realized that it would probably never get better . PERSON was n't sure what he was going to say to PERSON . PERSON packed his stuff and left without telling her .	PERSON grabbed his keys and headed out the door . PERSON trailed behind him , questioning him . He refused to answer and instead got into the car . She watched him reverse down the driveway . As he drove away , he looked at her in the rear view mirror .	A man loved his family , but he had to leave to make a better life . He worked hard after leaving , writing every day . He finally earned enough money to bring his family . He moved them to LOCATION , to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . The boy is now a successful architect , and the man is still married .	PERSON was backpacking LOCATION . He had been enjoying LOCATION very much . But he knew it was time to move on . He booked his train ticket south . He was excited for the next phase of his trip !
glasses	Turner needed to get glasses . He had been unable to see the board in class . He feared that everyone would make fun of him . The glasses made him look erudite and debonair . PERSON came to love his lenses .	My dad has never been able to see well . He really needed new glasses but we could n't afford them . After I got my paycheck one week I took him to an eye doctor ! I decided it was time for him to get new glasses . After the doctor we went and got his new glasses , that I paid for .	One day in 1973 my glasses fell into a sewer . I was jumping over a sidewalk and the glasses fell through the grate . I tried to get them but could not see without my glasses . My mom fished them out with a hook . I was amazed .	PERSON noticed that her glasses were getting weaker and weaker . She scheduled a vision test to be sure . Sure enough , the eye exam said PERSON 's eyesight had worsened . Sighing , PERSON ordered new glasses . Her new ones were much stronger than the originals !	I did n't know I needed glasses , until middle school . My teacher remarked at how often I squinted , and strained to see . I told her that I did n't need them , and she simply laughed She gave me her glasses to try , and the difference was shocking ! I had never seen so well in my life , and knew I needed my own pair .	My friend has a pair of glasses . He was running in the parking lot . He tripped over his untied shoe . His glasses fell off his head . His glasses did not break on the pavement .	PERSON has never worn glasses before . She noticed that her vision was getting worse . So she decided to get her eyes check . Sure enough , the doctor prescribed her a pair of glasses . Now she can finally see better .	PERSON 's classmates teased him about his thick glasses . Nic hated the mocking . He decided to go to the eye doctor and get contacts . He wore them to school , and everyone gaped . Now that his thick glasses were gone , no one picked on Nic !	PERSON was middle aged and wore glasses . At the mall last week she lost her glasses . PERSON had to call her daughter to drive her to work . PERSON went the very next day to buy a new pair . PERSON called her daughter and told her she did not have to drive her .
food poisoning	PERSON was eating leftovers from last night 's party . During the next morning , his stomach was violently growling . He immediately got up to vomit in the bathroom . For the remainder of the day , he was vomiting . He could n't digest anything .	PERSON ordered Chinese food . That same night he felt sick to his stomach . He threw up and had diarrhea . The next day he got checked up . A doctor told him he had minor food poisoning .	PERSON went to the local Mexican restaurant yesterday . She bought the food was amazing . Yet unfortunately when she got home she felt sick . She threw up . PERSON realized she had food poisoning .	Drew went to the county fair with his friends . Once he got there , he bought a chicken sandwich . Something seemed off about it , but he kept eating . An hour later he became violently ill . He spent the next day and a half bedridden with food poisoning .	PERSON had a big cookout . He invited several family and friends . Unfortunately he used some bad meat . Several people got sick . PERSON had given them food poisoning .	PERSON and PERSON were very hungry . They had little money and no food in the house . PERSON dug through the freezer and found some chicken nuggets . He did n't read the directions and did n't cook them for very long . PERSON ate them and the next day got food poisoning .	The Italian soccer team went on the field . They started running drills . One of the team members fell ill . Then several others complained of stomach pain . They realized that they had all ate at the same place for lunch .	On Monday I went to lunch with my friend . We went to a small Italian restaurant . I ordered pizza . At first I thought it tasted okay . Yet to my shock I got sick when I got home .	PERSON and PERSON loved Indian food . One night , they decided to order some for dinner . When it arrived they ate it all hungrily . The next morning , though , PERSON was sick from food poisoning . Indian food was ruined for him forever after .
the party	PERSON was excited about his birthday . He knew there would be a party . His mom said he could have a sleep over . PERSON invited all of his friends . They had a blast .	PERSON was moving . He threw a party before he left . He invited all his friends . A hundred people showed up . They all celebrated late into the night .	The woman 's son loved PERSON . He wanted that as the theme for his party . She decorated the room and made some treats . All his friends came over to celebrate . It was a fun party .	PERSON went to a party at her friend 's house . She felt uncomfortable because she did n't know many people . A boy came up and asked her to dance . They danced until the party was over . After the party , the boy asked PERSON on a date .	PERSON was turning 50 . He invited all his friends over for a party . Everyone showed up and had a great time . PERSON was sad that he was getting older . But he felt great about his wonderful friends .	PERSON always wanted to be the most popular girl in school . When her parents left for the week she knew she had to throw a party . She invited all the coolest kids and made sure there would be alcohol . When they all arrived and were about to start the police showed up . They arrest the cool kids and instead of popularity she became hated .	PERSON was graduating from her high school . She wanted to host a bonfire party for her friends . First she had to find the perfect location . She searched agonizingly for hours . Finally , she found the perfect spot and the party was a huge hit .	Sue went to a party last week . It was at one of her old friend 's house . She met her while she was in college . They have n't spoken in a few years . She said it was nice to catch up .	PERSON 's parents are going out of town this weekend . He invited all of his friends to a party he 's throwing Saturday night . PERSON 's parents told him to behave while they were gone . PERSON 's friends broke furniture and shattered plates during the party . PERSON 's parents grounded him for year .
basketball	As a kid mike loved basketball . But he had an odd shooting style . So his coach used to call him silk . So he kept referring to himself as silk . Although his shot got better , he 'd always be silk .	PERSON loved to play basketball with his friends . Once they played when they were on vacation in the nature . PERSON threw the ball in behind the basket table . The ball ended up in the woods . They could not find it .	PERSON loves to play basketball every day . PERSON ' basketball team always wins their games . One day , his basketball team lost . PERSON was really mad . PERSON then decided to quit playing basketball .	PERSON plays basketball every day . One day , a talent scout approached PERSON . PERSON was signed on to a successful team . PERSON played with the best players in the nation . PERSON and his team won a world championship .	PERSON was looking forward to his thirteenth birthday . He was pleasantly surprised with many gifts . His favorite gift was a full size basketball goal . It fit perfectly on the driveway to their home . PERSON went on to play basketball professionally .	PERSON loved to play basketball . His old basketball was torn and old . He needed a new one . So PERSON went to the store and bought one . PERSON loved his new basketball .	PERSON really enjoyed basketball . He and some pals met at the park for a game . Though PERSON liked the game , he was no good at it . PERSON tried his best to play with the big boys . PERSON left the park with a sprained ankle .	PERSON wanted to play basketball . He had been practicing for a while . He was nervous about trying out for the team . When tryouts arrived he was ready . PERSON was excited when he made the team .	PERSON was the point guard on his school basketball team . His team was good enough to make the finals game . The game was tied with 3 seconds on the clock . PERSON caught the ball on the inbound pass . He took the three point shot and made it !
family reunion	The PERSON family held a reunion . They all wore name tags handed out at the start . They ate a large barbecue meal . While eating , they got into a large fight about politics . That was the last PERSON family reunion .	My brother PERSON visited our reunion . He showed up unexpected . Everyone at the reunion were excited to see him . He made an announcement at the reunion . The announcement that he was happy and excited to see family .	PERSON had never met her father 's side of her family . She decided that she wanted to connect with them . PERSON went on Facebook and invited the family for a weekend event . Most of her relatives responded positively . The event was successful and PERSON met a lot of cousins .	PERSON 's mom was hosting the family reunion this year . He made a salad and drove to his parent 's house . As he pulled up , he saw a lot of cars out front . Almost his entire family was there to greet him . He enjoyed seeing everyone again .	It was family reunion time ! The family got up early to get ready to go . They packed all their four wheelers and all their gear . Finally they were ready to go ! They had so much fun at the reunion .	PERSON was notified by his mother about the family reunion . LOCATION really was not interested in going to the reunion at all . However , PERSON 's mother encouraged him to go . PERSON 's mother wanted him to meet his relatives and have fun . While PERSON was hesitant , he agreed to go the family reunion .	PERSON was at a family reunion . She did n't recognize anyone . She got into a conversation with someone who might be an aunt . She asked if they knew her grandfather PERSON . The woman then realized PERSON was at the wrong reunion .	PERSON wants to go to LOCATION . His grandparents live there . He has never been to LOCATION before . He is a little hesitant but bought a ticket to fly there . In less than a month he will be meeting new family members !	It was a beautiful sunny day . The whole Mather family was getting together for a family reunion . They met at the City Lakes . There was a ton of great food and great conversation . Everyone left happy and full .
cheater	My son cheats when playing games . We were all playing bowling on the Wii earlier . After a few frames , my husband was winning by a lot . My son shut the Wii off with his controller . He claims it was an accident so we had to restart .	PERSON received an assignment in class that extremely difficult . He fought long and hard to figure out how to finish the assignment . He ultimately opted to copy someone else 's work . While copying , he forgot to change a lot of the work or working . The teacher caught his mistakes and gave him an F for cheating .	PERSON wanted to get the best time for running a mile in his class . During the run , he saw another student pulling ahead of him however . When his teacher was n't looking , PERSON tripped the student . After the run , everyone was impressed by PERSON 's time . And his teacher gave him an award in front of the whole class .	PERSON and PERSON are happily living together . John stays at home while PERSON works . One day PERSON came home from work early . PERSON caught PERSON sleeping with her best friend . PERSON broke up with PERSON .	PERSON was using his wife 's laptop He noticed an unread message . PERSON 's curiosity got the better of him . He soon found out his wife was cheating . PERSON confronted her about it and they 're filing for divorce .	PERSON had a guy friend . He had a girlfriend but always wanted to hang out with her . PERSON started to have feelings for him . He was over one day and kissed PERSON . The guy never told his girlfriend he cheated .	PERSON and PERSON are in a relationship . PERSON loves PERSON ! PERSON cheated on hannah . PERSON found out . PERSON does not love PERSON anymore .	PERSON was doing laundry . She went through the pockets of her husband 's pants . Then she pulled something out . It was a note from another woman ! PERSON angrily went to confront her cheating husband .	The man did n't follow the rules . His friends noticed . His friends wanted the man to follow the rules . The man did n't want to . The man lost his friends .
chips	PERSON loved snack food . Chips were his favorite . He ate them every day for lunch . He finished off a large bag in just a couple of days . PERSON 's wife told him to eat healthier snack from now on .	PERSON needed chips for her football party . But both grocery stores were sold out of tortillas ! She wondered what to do . Then she decided to cut up tortilla shells and fry her own ! Her homemade chips received many compliments at her party .	PERSON was on the way to his sister 's party . When she called and told him to get more chips from the store . PERSON went to the store to look for chips . He found a good deal for chips and bought them . PERSON drove to his sister 's house with the chips .	PERSON bought some chips at the grocery store . She ate a few on her way home and noticed they were gross . Turns out they expired three weeks ago . PERSON turned around and went back to the store to return them . The manager gave PERSON two new bags of chips as an apology .	I wanted to save a little money at the store . I knew the kids wanted doritos . I saw a bag of doritos styled generic chips . They were only a dollar , so I bought them . The kids took one bite and I could tell they were disgusting .	PERSON bought a bag of potato chips from the store . It was a huge bag meant for a family . But PERSON ripped open the bag and dove in . He did n't live that far from the store . Even still , he was finished by time he got home !	I asked CJ for some chips and salsa . He said they were all gone . I was really sad and hungry . He went to the store and bought some new chips and salsa . I was happy again .	PERSON was hungry . PERSON loved eating chips . PERSON drove to the store . PERSON bought chips . PERSON came home , and ate the chips to end his hunger .	PERSON had a bag of chips . He kept it to himself . PERSON wanted some . PERSON thought about it . PERSON decided to share so that everyone was happy .
groceries	I needed to get groceries yesterday . I walked to the store instead of driving . On the way , I thought about what I needed to buy . I took my list into the store with me . I bought everything on the list , and had trouble carrying it home .	My friend 's kid recently did a fundraiser at a local restaurant . The restaurant would donate 25 % of each order to his Cub Scout troop . I just happened to be having dinner with friends that night . We decided to go to the restaurant my friend told me about . The 8 of us raised a lot of money for his troop that night !	PERSON realized his pantry was completely out of food . He made a list of groceries to buy . PERSON went to his local supermarket . PERSON went aisle to aisle getting the items on his list . PERSON went home content with the food he was bringing back .	Fred never used a shopping list . Instead , he went to the store and bought whatever he felt like . So he bought tons of groceries . And he imagined lots of great food he could make . But he only used half of the food he bought before it expired .	My fridge was looking a bit empty . I made a grocery list of items I needed . I drove to the store and did my shopping . I paid and drove home . When I got home , I felt better because I could restock my fridge .	PERSON had to buy groceries . He went to stop and shop first . He bought apples . He then went to shoprite and found out it was cheaper there . He was upset he did not go to shoprite first .	PERSON did n't have a lot of money . He was low on groceries . PERSON ate ramen noodles until his next check . When he got paid , PERSON went shopping . He was more careful to buy groceries that would last .	PERSON 's cupboards were bare . She decided to go shopping . She went to the store and bought lots of food . Then she took it home and put it away . PERSON 's cupboards were n't bare any more !	PERSON hated grocery shopping . Her friend PERSON loved to grocery shop . They decided to grocery shop together . During their trip , they got stuck behind a lady with many kids . Now they both dislike grocery shopping .
PERSON 's new job	PERSON was laid off from work . He saw a job posting from the local jail . PERSON was qualified to be a prison guard . He went through the application process . The jail hired PERSON .	PERSON moved to LOCATION after college . She rented a room from a friend and searched for jobs . After many weeks she had an interview with a tech company . Knowing a lot about technology , PERSON aced her interview . She was extremely excited to learn she got the job .	It was PERSON 's first day at a new job . He was very nervous about starting . His best friend told him to relax , as everything would be fine . PERSON decided to follow his advice . He was pleasantly surprised to find that everyone was friendly .	PERSON needed a job . His brother knew they were hiring at the shop he worked at . PERSON filled out an application . He listed his brother as a reference . PERSON got a call for an interview .	PERSON worked tending a bar at night . She was tired of the hours . PERSON began to look for a new job . She applied for a job at a local bank . PERSON was hired at the bank and quit her bar job .	PERSON started a new job just this Monday . He 's very frustrated with the lack of communication from his boss . He is trying to take initiative to improve his performance but ca n't . His boss takes an early lunch and does n't return until 4pm . PERSON prepares to report her to HR .	PERSON went to work at his new job for the first time . When he arrived , he noticed that the business atmosphere was strict . PERSON sat at his desk and then his manager met up with him . PERSON decided that his new job atmosphere was too uncomfortable . PERSON decided to quit his job and then drove back home .	PERSON got a new job at car wash . At first , his coworkers were rude to him . He stayed friendly and kept working hard . Eventually , his coworkers accepted him as part of the team . Now PERSON is happy with his job and the team he works with .	PERSON got a job as a cashier . His first day was rough . His drawer was 30 dollars short . PERSON tried really hard that week . After a month he was the best cashier at his job .
exam	June has an exam tomorrow . She has studied all week . However , she still feels anxious . When she got to class , her nerves were on the edges . She was very thankful when her teacher postponed the test .	PERSON had a statistics test coming up . She studied her textbook to prepare for the exam . On the day of the test she took the exam with confidence . Her teacher showed her the perfect score right away . PERSON was thankful she worked so hard to prepare .	I took an exam last week . It was very difficult . The last question was very hard to do . I was not able to finish the test in the amount of time I was given . I felt bad about it for a few days .	PERSON was studying English . She was preparing for her upcoming English speaking competition . She practiced every day to prepare . On the day of the event she performed well . She was very pleased with her performance .	Will needed to ace his exam to pass . He decided to study as much as he could before the exam . He even hired a tutor to help him study . He was extremely nervous on the day of the exam . But he managed to ace the exam !	I was taking an exam . I felt confident since I had been studying for it for a week . When I got my exam back , I found I had scored 80 % . My friend , who only studied for one day , scored 90 % . I was mad since she did better than I did even though I studied more .	PERSON has a math exam on Friday . She is stressed out about it . PERSON decided to study every day until Friday . When the teacher gave the test , PERSON was ready . PERSON made an A on her exam .	PERSON had chosen the high school he wanted to attend . As he took their entrance exam , he sweated nervously . But then he got a call from them a week later . They said PERSON had done extremely well on the entrance exam ! PERSON was so happy , he shouted with joy !	It was Kia 's first year studying French . She fully expected to fail her exam . But when she got her paper back , she was surprised . She had scored a B + in her French class ! Kia was very proud of herself .
father 's day	PERSON 's dad six years ago just before Father 's Day . Before he died , they would go to a ball game each year . Because his dad did die , he stopped going to any sporting event . PERSON bought tickets to a baseball game and begged him to go . During the entire game , PERSON felt depressed and sad .	PERSON was very poor but tried to provide for his family . He worked extra hours and took a second job . He never seemed to make enough to get ahead though . On Father 's day this year he told his family not to get him anything . When he woke up , his family was there with handmade gifts for him .	PERSON wanted to take his father out for Father 's Day . He planned the perfect day . They ate ate a fancy diner . They then played ball in the park . It was the best Father 's Day ever !	PERSON 's dad was going to have a birthday soon . So LOCATION went to the store to look for a card . She found some sentimental ones . She found some cute ones . But she decided to get him a card about how much he farts .	I missed father 's day this year . My father figure is not biological , so I chose the day he became dad . As a joke , I bought him a tie . I wrapped it in a box with a cute card . He said he was going to kill me if I got him a tie .	For Father 's Day this year , PERSON decided to take his dad fishing . He planned the day out ahead of time so it would be perfect . He picked hi dad up early in the morning and took him to breakfast . Then they hit their favorite fishing spot for the day . Neither caught much but they enjoyed their time together .	Tomorrow was father 's day . PERSON wanted to get his father a new grill . PERSON went to the store . Got a nice new grill . His father loved his new grill .	PERSON was excited to see her dad . He was always away on business but here for a few days . PERSON went to her dad 's bedroom and presented him with a box . Her dad looked surprised and asked what the gift was for . She told him it was for him being such a good father .	PERSON wanted to take his dad fishing on Father 's Day . They packed all of their tackle up and left the house . PERSON 's dad remembered taking his father fishing once . Despite being on the lake for hours , they managed to catch nothing . PERSON was glad he got to spend the day with his dad , fish or no fish .
alarm	PERSON has to be at work at 8am every day . She sets three alarms . She woke up at 6am . However , she fell back asleep . PERSON was late for work .	The alarm on my phone stopped working a few days ago . It was very important that I wake up early so this was a problem . I did n't know what to do , so I asked my friends for an alarm clock . Luckily one of them offered to let me borrow theirs . I of course borrowed it and it worked great !	PERSON 's alarm clock started beeping at 6 in the morning . He hit the snooze button . After 10 minutes it rang again . He tried to turn it off but accidentally hit snooze again . He snoozed for another 10 minutes before getting up .	PERSON had a big meeting to attend in the morning . To wake up early , he set an alarm for 7 AM . The night before , he stayed up late and watched movies . The next morning at 7 AM the alarm went off , to his dismay . He was exhausted and regretted how he spent the previous night .	I set the alarm for early the next morning . I could not afford to sleep in . I woke up suddenly to the bright sunlight . I had slept in ! My phone had died overnight , and I was late again .	PERSON came home and his smoke detector was going off . PERSON looked all around the house but found no fire or smoke . PERSON looked on the internet for what could be causing the alarm . PERSON realized it was the failing batteries . PERSON replaced the batteries and the alarm shut off again .	The alarm sounded loudly in PERSON 's ear . Quickly , he grabbed the neon yellow jacket and flags . He heard the panic begin to rise among his co-workers . Calmly , he ushered the group out of the building . In the parking lot , PERSON did a headcount to ensure everyone was there .	Every night the alarm would go off at PERSON 's house . PERSON did not know why . He never saw a robber . PERSON put a video camera by the alarm . It turns out a stray cat set off the alarm .	PERSON did not wake up for school one morning . When she finally awoke , she fumbled for her phone . She had somehow been laying on it ! That was why she had not heard her alarm . She decided to store her phone on the shelf at night .
halloween party	Amber planned a Halloween party She created a Facebook event and invited all of her friends She spent days shopping , setting up , and preparing When the night came , many guests showed up Every had a wonderful time in their costumes	I decided to have a Halloween party this year . I went to the store to buy lots of decorations and a costume . I decided to get the cowgirl costume after looking at dozens of options . The day of the party , I finished decorating and cooking with an hour to spare . I did n't win the costume contest but I still had lots of fun !	PERSON got an expensive Halloween costume . He decided to wear it to a party . There was another person with the same costume at the party . PERSON was excited to see it . They both became friends over it .	PERSON loved celebrating Halloween . This year , PERSON decided she would hold a Halloween party . In addition , PERSON would hold a best costume contest as well . PERSON also wanted to play scary games during the party also . PERSON was excited about her Halloween party plans .	Last Halloween my friends and I decided to throw a party . We invited everyone we knew and dressed up . I dressed up as PERSON PERSON . We had a great time . I ca n't wait to have another one .	PERSON was 2 years old and going to her first Halloween party ! The party was at her grandmother 's house . At first , PERSON was very scared of the skeletons and decorations . Then her Mom and PERSON reassured her that they were just decorations . PERSON had a great time at the party !	PERSON wanted to have a Halloween party . He waited until the last minute to set it up . Most of his friends already had plans . PERSON 's party was a big bust . He ended it early and cried himself to sleep .	PERSON was excited for her high school Halloween costume party . She invited the coolest kids and the whole football team . She knew if they all came she would instantly be a cool kid . The plan backfired and no one came but her best friend PERSON . She felt horrible and changed schools due to the embarrassment .	PERSON wanted to attend her best friend Halloween Party . Her parents disagreed . She sneaked out anyway . PERSON was caught by her parents sneaking back into her room . PERSON is now grounded for a month .
PERSON 's house	PERSON invited his best friend over for dinner . When his friend PERSON arrived , the two ate and played video games . PERSON 's friend then got sick and vomited all over the couch . PERSON 's mom came and picked him up . PERSON 's friend was n't allowed over for awhile .	PERSON loved to have people over . Having a small apartment made that hard . She wanted a house . She saved for a long time . Finally , she bought a beautiful home !	PERSON had many friends his own age . He had his friends over nearly every day to play in the yard . Today PERSON was sick and his friends missed him . They all came together and made him a get well card . PERSON was happy to receive his card and started to feel better .	PERSON got a new job in a different state . He had to sell his house in order to move to the new state . He had it on the market for months but it did not sell . His aunt suggested that he rent it instead . That was a good idea , as he was able to rent it out in a month 's time .	PERSON took pride in her house . It was always neat , clean and ready for company . One day a huge thunderstorm ripped a hole in the roof of the house . Water poured into the house quickly . PERSON knew right away that her house would n't be the same again .	PERSON 's house was a mess . He asked his friends if they knew any housekeepers . One friend referred him to a woman he used . PERSON called the woman . He hired her to clean his house .	PERSON wanted to buy a new house . He saved up for Years and finally bought a brand new home . PERSON was so excited to begin moving into his new home ! However , tomorrow night a bad tornado rolled through the area ! PERSON was torn apart when he was told that his new home was gone .	PERSON always dreamed of buying a house . He saved up money for more than 20 years . Finally he was able to buy a house . It was a cheap house because it was very small . PERSON lived happily alone in his house for the rest of his life .	PERSON decided to invite his friends over . He made a big bonfire in his backyard to sit near . Everyone showed up with snacks and sodas . PERSON had fun staying up late to talk with his friends . He invited them back the very next day .
learning	PERSON thought LOCATION was the best country and hated all others ! Then his class did a unit on global governments and cultures . PERSON learned a lot . He realized that he could love his country and still like others . PERSON learned a lot about respecting different cultures !	She had to admit she was learning a hard lesson . Her choices had led her down a difficult path . She sat quietly , thinking about where she wanted life to take her . She did n't know what to do , mulling it over for hours . In the end , she knew she had no control over anything .	PERSON wanted to learn more about human anatomy . He decided to look online and buy several books on the subject . PERSON joined online forums dedicated to medical knowledge . He found that remembering the information came easy to him . PERSON decided to enroll in a healthcare program at a local college .	A little baby was barely born . It grew a little older . It 's parents read a book to it . The baby learned new words . It said them a few months later .	Chase does not know how to write his name . His mother wrote his name out for him to copy . PERSON spent many hours practicing his letters . Finally he was able to write his name . His mother bought him a toy as a reward .	PERSON decided to learn French before a trip to LOCATION . He ordered lesson books way before he had to leave . Every night he worked hard at learning the language . Sometimes he would work on it all night long . His hard work paid off and he was fluent in French when he got there .	A student wanted to improve their test scores . The student recreated the exact exam questions as best as possible . The student would only change out the variables in questions . The student would work the same question type for 4 hours straight . The student saw their grade average increase .	A man desired to learn about many things . He decided to look at the best performers in their fields . He studied their works and lives . He learned a lot . He put into practice what he learned and changed his life .	PERSON did not like to learn . PERSON found that learning was boring . One day , PERSON discovered she had a natural talent . PERSON used her talent to build a career . PERSON never had to learn anything in her life !
running away	My sister in law married an alcoholic . One day she could not take his actions , and left . She took her two kids and stayed in a hotel . She eventually ran out of money and came back . He died of a heart attack ten years later .	When I was sixteen I ran away from home . I went to a town close to the one I lived in . I ended up staying with a person I did n't even know . The police found me and arrested me at a gas station . I ended up going home and finishing school .	PERSON was shopping with friends . All of a sudden a guard approached them . His friends ran away . PERSON did n't know they were stealing . PERSON did n't get in trouble because he did n't know .	PERSON forgot to bring her cell phone with her . As a result , she tried to use a public telephone . A person was walking on the opposite side of the street . He was swaying back and forth without any emotion . PERSON was scared and she tried to run away from him .	PERSON was upset with his parents . He wanted to run away from home . He packed up some stuff and tried to sneak out . His parents caught him . PERSON got into even more trouble .	Little PERSON was upset with her parents . She packed her suitcase and snuck out the back door . After a few streets she was scared . She decided to turn around and return home . Once there her parents lectured here again .	PERSON was mad at her mom so she decided to run away . She packed her little bag and started to walk down the street . She turned the corner and walked up to a house . She rang the doorbell and her grandma answered ! PERSON had cookies and then went home happy .	PERSON decided to run away from home . She made it to the corner bakery before realizing she was hungry . She walked another block , and started missing her sister . One more block , and she even missed her parents . She turned around and went home .	PERSON hated his home life . He decided to run away . He saved up money and packed secretly . He left his house and never went back . PERSON never spoke to his parents again .
tires	PERSON was getting new tires on his truck . He saw them put his truck on the lift . But he noticed something was n't right . His truck leaned a bit and then fell off the lifts ! They did n't place the lift properly on his truck !	PERSON went out to his bicycle one day . He saw he had a flat tire . He ran back inside to grab his pump . He pumped up the tire as it only had a slow leak . He rode it to the bicycle shop and had his tire fixed .	The man inflated the tires . He got one too full . That tire popped . He put on a spare . He drove to the tire shop .	PERSON 's tires all seemed low . He used a gauge and confirmed they needed air . PERSON got out a bicycle pump and topped them off . His wife looked at him oddly for it . PERSON shrugged and pointed out that it worked .	The man checked the tires . He recommended replacements . The customer agreed without checking cost . The man installed replacements . The customer was shocked by the high price .	In the morning , I saw I had a flat tire . There was no way to fix it before work . I asked a friend for a ride . After he dropped me off , he drove over an aluminum can in the lot . It punctured one of his tires .	On Sunday my wife went food shopping . When she got to the car she saw the low tire pressure light . She called me and I went down to get a pump . I am disabled and have trouble walking and bending over . We managed to fill the tires with air , luckily .	PERSON 's car was sliding in the snow . She took it to a garage for assessment . The mechanic said she needed snow tires , with better grip . PERSON agreed to get the tires . She was happy to make her car safer in the snow !	I had to get new tires for a long trip . I went to PERSON 's to get them done . I also got an oil change while I was there . It cost an arm and a leg . The trip was much safer with the new tires .
skating	I went ice skating with my friends . That was the first time I had ever been skating . My friends , on the other hand , were experienced skaters . They were teaching me to do a spin when I fell and hurt my wrist . I went to a doctor , who told me my wrist was sprained .	PERSON wanted to learn to rollerblade . He bought a pair of skates and strapped them on . Then he went outside to practice . At first he fell over and over . But soon PERSON was skating just like an old pro !	PERSON loved to skate at the rink . She laced up her skates and pulled them tight . She got onto the ice and started skating around . Some boys noticed her graceful skating ability . One boy struck up conversation and got a date with PERSON .	PERSON was scared of skating . He did not want to fall . PERSON said to just lean forward and use both legs . PERSON tried it , and was good at skating . He always loved skating after that .	We went to the skating rink . We were wearing cute costumes . We played limbo on the skate floor . I got my dress hung on someone 's skate . I fell on my butt , and everyone laughed .	PERSON was riding his skateboard one day . He was riding fairly fast but not paying attention to the sidewalk . There was a small pebble right in front of him . One of the wheels hit the pebble and threw PERSON into the air . He ended up chipping a tooth that day .	My friend PERSON is a determined figure skater . One day after school she practiced her routine for two hours . She got so weak that she landed wrong and broke her ankle . She was out for 6 weeks because of it . She was n't able to compete in the semi finals .	Terry desired to learn to skateboard . It looked like a cool hobby to him . But he was frightened of being injured . So he bought a huge amount of safety gear . Some of the safety gear caught on his pants and made him fall .	I loved my skates very much . I put them on immediately when I got them . I roller skated up and down the street . One day my mom called me into the house . I ran up the stairs without thinking , slipped , and fell .
hide and seek	A group of children were playing a game of hide and seek . The smallest boy was always found first . He decided that he would win at least one round . He found a basket of toys and hid at the bottom . He ended up winning because no one ever found him .	PERSON was playing hide and seek with her friends . She decided to hide under a box in the shed . She hid under the box quiet as a mouse . Her friends could not find her . She revealed herself and won the game of hide and seek .	PERSON was so tiny , he could hide anywhere in the house . His friends said they would find him no matter what . PERSON hid so well , they looked for fifteen minutes without success . Tired , they asked him to come out . But PERSON , also tired , was asleep in the cupboard .	PERSON and PERSON went outside to play a game of hide and seek . PERSON found a great place to hide in a cave by a tree . After ten minutes , she heard leaves moving and knew PERSON was near . She did n't move an inch , and all of a sudden , PERSON found the cave ! Then PERSON went to hide and PERSON went to seek .	PERSON was playing with her friend PERSON . They were playing hide and seek . PERSON hid in a tree . PERSON looked for her for hours . PERSON finally gave up looking up for her .	PERSON was playing hide and seek with her big sister . She hid behind the washing machine . Her big sister looked for her all over . Finally she gave up and called for PERSON to come out . PERSON had won the game !	PERSON was playing hide and seek with his brother . He was hiding under the bed . PERSON 's brother was in the room looking for him . PERSON began to laugh . PERSON 's brother found him .	I played hide and seek with my friends the other day . We played in the park . I got a little lost when it was my turn to hide . My friends were really worried about me . They were so worried that they called the park ranger .	PERSON and PERSON were having a blast . It was summer break and they loved playing outside . Their favorite game was hide and seek . They were both very good at it . They spent almost every afternoon that summer playing .
park	PERSON hated her English class . She convinced PERSON to skip the class and go to the park . The girls sat on the swings staring at the school across the street . A truancy office confronted the girls about not being in class . The girls were escorted back to the school by the officer .	PERSON went to the park with his dog . He brought along a frisbee because he knew the dog would it . PERSON threw the frisbee and the dog caught it . After a while , PERSON and the dog had a drink of water . PERSON and the dog returned home .	PERSON went to the park last week . She had n't been in a long time and was excited to see everyone . When she got there , the park was empty . While wandering around alone , PERSON found a beautiful new statue ! She was so excited for the new art , she did n't mind being alone at all .	PERSON went for a walk . He walked to the park . There was a guy mowing the lawn . He waved at PERSON . PERSON waved back .	Our granddaughter came to visit in October of 2014 . We walked across the street to the playground . She met a friend and played . Her mom took her on the slide . We had a fun time .	PERSON decided to take a walk in the park . While talking a stroll , he heard a weird noise . Upon investigating , he found out it was a bird with a broken wing . He took it home to take care of it until it healed . The bird still visits Bills home to thank him every week .	Our 2 year old granddaughter PERSON visited from LOCATION last week . We live in LOCATION . Sunday morning we went to a park . PERSON loved the swing . She did not want to get off the swing to go back for a nap .	PERSON went to the park with her brother . They played on the swings together for an hour . Then they built a castle in the sandbox . PERSON and her brother had a great time . After three hours they walked home hand in hand !	PERSON traveled to a large national park . And he was overwhelmed by its beauty . He wished he could stay all day . And he took pictures to remember the experience . When he went home , he happily looked at the pictures for hours .
the singer	PERSON knew he was a good singer . He posted several videos of himself singing online . Soon the videos got lots of views . Then , a music producer emailed him offering a contract . PERSON was excited that he was offered such a great opportunity .	PERSON liked to sing . He would perform at his local bar . One day a famous producer heard him . He was impressed with PERSON 's talent . He asked PERSON to meet with him to discuss further opportunities .	PERSON grew up her whole life learning how to sing . She tried her best at American Idol and wanted to win . The judges all approved of her and she was happy . PERSON finally made it to the last round of American Idol . The judges loved her and she won the American Idol !	PERSON sang from the time he woke up until he went to sleep . Actually , this is n't true , as he had to eat as well . His mother asked him to stop sometimes so she had to think . He felt bad that when he tried , he ended up starting again . Finally he found the answer : he got her noise-cancelling headphones .	As I was growing up I always wanted to be a singer . My mother would put force me to go to singing classes . As time went on , I realized I have a natural gift . Tonight was my big night , and I 've been so nervous . I 'll be taking the stage tonight , and my dreams are becoming reality .	Singing has always come very easy to PERSON . From a very early age she would sing for audiences . She had a good voice and awesome personality . For almost all of her life she has wanted to sing professionally . She got her chance at the age of 17 and has never looked back !	The singer stood on stage and motioned to the band . As the music started the singer began to sway . He sang words so sweetly the audience began to weep . The singer took a bow and left the stage . The audience begged for an encore but none came .	Buddy had a new gig . He was the lead singer in a jazz band . He loved to perform the classics for the crowd . When he finished his first set , he got a standing ovation . Buddy could n't wait until their next gig !	Ever since I was a kid I wanted to sing and get paid like a star . I auditioned for the mixed choir in high school to work on my goal . My music teacher smiled and said I was tone deaf . I thought that meant I had a gift so I practiced my singing every day . Now I am officially a paid singer but only for funerals .
the kiss	PERSON was checking out at Blockbuster . There was cute guy who worked there . PERSON spotted him outside talking to a girl . The girl kissed him on the lips and left . PERSON was heartbroken .	PERSON played basketball on his highschool team . He had a crush on the cheerleader PERSON . One day PERSON made the winning basket . PERSON planted a kiss on his cheek . PERSON got a bloody nose and ran off in embarrassment .	PERSON was on a date with a girl he really liked . He was excited to get to know her . At the end of the night , he tried to kiss her . He accidentally feel and knocked her over . They did n't go out again .	PERSON was walking down the street when she saw a handsome guy . She stopped to talk to him and they had a nice chat . They flirted and the guy asked for her phone number . Then he leaned in and kissed her . PERSON had butterflies in her stomach !	PERSON dated a guy in high school that she loved . They broke up before college and did n't talk again . One day they ran into each other on the street . They talked and decided to have lunch . They met at lunch and kissed after .	PERSON was playing outside on his bike . Suddenly he fell and scraped his knee . He searched out his mom who comforted him . Then he asked for a kiss to make his knee better . His mom kissed the injury and he did feel a little bit better .	PERSON had the prettiest lips in the world , according to some people . PERSON e-mailed her asking for a kiss . PERSON said no . PERSON asked again and again . PERSON took a selfie with her lips puckered and said there 's your kiss .	PERSON decided to kiss another man behind her boyfriend 's back . One night she snuck outside the bar to meet her lover . The second PERSON 's lover gave her a kiss her boyfriend drove by . PERSON 's boyfriend squealed into the parking lot in front of the two . The boyfriend broke up with PERSON on the spot .	PERSON and PERSON are roommates . One night PERSON kissed PERSON . She really loved him . He started acting weird after that . Finally they got together !
snake	PERSON was very afraid of snakes . She desperately wanted to overcome her fear , so she went to the zoo . After a bit of searching , she found where the snakes were kept . She peered at one through the glass . In person , she realized they were n't so scary after all .	PERSON wanted a pet snake . He begged his reluctant mom . Finally , she agreed . Tim brought the snake home happily . Soon his mom got used to its presence !	In 1993 , our four year old was playing near the pool . His four year old friend was looking at the bushes . He picked up a garter snake and put it on the pool floor . We had fun looking at it , and released it . The snake catcher became a state trooper .	PERSON 's cat loved to hunt in the garage . One afternoon , PERSON went to check on her cat . She found her cat sitting calmly beside a snake . She figured the snake was dead , so she placed it outside . When PERSON looked out later , the snake was gone .	PERSON wanted a snake as a pet . At first her mom refused . But finally PERSON sweet-talked her into it . She got a small boat and brought it home . Eventually her mom admitted the snake was actually kind of cute !	After the watermelon floated for a while , It was cold . My cousin went to check on it . He came back saying there was a snake on it . We walked to the river bank to see . There was a black snake curled up on the watermelon .	The snake was getting hungry . The boy had purchased a gerbil to feed it . He took it home in a little box . He dropped it into the snake 's aquarium . The snake quickly snatched up the rodent .	PERSON had a pet snake at school . He would feed the snake every day , except on weekends . One weekend , PERSON went to school to do some work . He saw that the snake was not in its cage . He searched for hours , but never found the snake .	My math teacher opened the back door to dismissed us . Gen was the first one to walk towards the door . However , she immediately stopped when a garden snake appeared . I took a broom and walked ahead of her . The snake ended up running away .
christmas morning	PERSON spent all night wrapping gifts . He passed out late . In the morning his family struggled to wake him up . They opened gifts without him . PERSON eventually woke up a bit saddened .	The parents called up the stairs to their daughter . She immediately came flying down the stairs . She stood in awe , looking at all the presents . She tore into the gifts and opened them . She promised herself to open them more slowly next year .	PERSON was excited for Christmas morning ! She had been a good girl all year . PERSON really wanted a new bike this year ! She woke up early and ran down the stairs and saw it ! It was her new bike and she rode it all the time after that .	PERSON had been waiting for Christmas all year long . When the day arrived , her parents called her out of her room . In the den , PERSON saw that LOCATION had visited and left presents . She quickly began opening presents one by one . The last thing she opened was a Nintendo 3DS , her most wanted item .	It was 7 in the morning when PERSON 's mother awoke her . It was Christmas day . PERSON awoke slowly , groggy from so little sleep . Then she remembered she could finally open her gifts . PERSON jumped out of bed , and bounded down the stairs .	PERSON woke up early , it was Christmas morning . Running down the stairs , he saw a man in a big red suit . Yelling , screaming , he knew it had to be LOCATION . The man turned around , and it was his Uncle PERSON . Uncle PERSON had gotten up early and dropped off presents .	PERSON woke up on Christmas morning , excited to what LOCATION brought . He raced into his room and woke his parents up , immediately . His parents grabbed the camera and followed PERSON down the hall . PERSON was amazed as he saw a new bike and a few new video games . He got his helmet and went out for a ride to test out his new bike .	PERSON woke up on Christmas morning and ran downstairs . He helped his mom fix breakfast for the whole family . After everyone ate , they sat down to open presents . PERSON reached for a big box with his name on it . Inside the box , PERSON found the remote control car he wanted !	PERSON awoke excited ! She remembered it was Christmas day . She jumped out of bed so she could go awaken her parents . They all went to the Christmas tree . Together they unwrapped their presents .
sledding	PERSON woke up and it had snowed overnight . He asked mother if he could go sledding and she said yes . PERSON grabbed his sled and climbed up the hill by his house . PERSON raced down the hill on his sled but crashed . He now has a broken arm and ca n't sled again until it heals .	Today I went to the biggest sledding hill I could find . I built a ramp about halfway down the hill . When I made my first pass at the ramp I was going too fast . I flew off of my sled and landed in the snow . I was okay and decided not to use the ramp .	PERSON wanted to go sledding . She called a few of her friends . No one wanted go sledding with her ! PERSON decided to go alone . She had a wonderful time sledding by herself !	This year PERSON was going to be able to sled on her own . She hoped it would hurry up and snow ! Finally one Sunday morning she awoke to a snowy day . She ran with her sled up the hill by her house . She laughed loudly as she whizzed down the hill on her new sled .	PERSON was sledding with his friend PERSON . PERSON dared him to go down the big hill . PERSON took up the dare and as he was going he fell out of the sled . PERSON rolled a few times as the unmanned sled flew into the river . PERSON was ok , and the two of them went home for the day .	We thought it would be fun to go sledding together . We went to a place that has many slopes . We went down them and were amazed by how far we flew . Each bump would send us flying in the air . It was exciting but also somewhat scary .	My mom used to go sledding by her parent 's cottage . They would bring the sled up these giant sand dunes that were frozen . They would slide down them , but one time they had the unexpected . They went too fast and went all the way down to the water . The lake was n't completely frozen so they got soaking wet .	PERSON took her kids sledding when it snowed . they climbed up the hill and sled down it . Eventually they had a snowball fight . After a few hours PERSON said it was time to go home . They got hot chocolate and went back home .	PERSON stood at the top of a steep , snowy hill with his sled . He had never gone sledding before and was nervous . The hill seemed to look taller every minute he was up there . After taking five deep breaths , he hopped on his sled and went down . At the bottom , PERSON smiled and said it was the most fun he ever had .
freedom	There was a hurricane warning inside of the school . The security guards told all of the classmates to stand still . All of us were in the cafeteria and could n't get out . A few hours later , the hurricane watch was called off . All of us ran outside in a happy manner .	The bumble trapped in LOCATION 's net seemed upset . At least PERSON 's assumed that 's what all the buzzing was about . Bees are good for making honey PERSON 's determined . PERSON 's carefully turned the net inside out . The bee flew out of the net to freedom .	Several security guards arrived at PERSON 's jail cell . After talking to him for a couple of minutes , they opened the cell . PERSON skipped out of the cell in laughter . However , he was disappointed since no one wanted to see him . He stood outside of the prison for the rest of the day .	PERSON closed down his laptop after finally typing the last word . He stretched for a long time , massaging aches and pains away . Finally , he pushed away from the desk , his old steady companion . Smiling to himself , he realized he was a free man . The book was finished he thought as he walked out of the room .	PERSON had a hard job . She was overworked and had no paid time off . She decided to quit her job . Now , she was free to do as she pleased . Alas , her savings quickly ran out and she had to get a job .	PERSON went into the desert isle . Although she had diabetes , she grabbed several pastries . She began to munch on them . Afterwards , her stomach started to hurt her . I gave her a bowl to vomit in .	PERSON was born in LOCATION LOCATION and never had parents . She spent five years in an overcrowded orphanage . Then she was adopted by a wealthy European couple . They showered her with gifts and love . PERSON is sure she 's now the happiest child in the world !	PERSON was arrested for a day since she was drunk driving . After she got out , her whole attitude changed . She tried to help her mom out around the house more . She also gave her little siblings an allowance each week . Her friends would remind her that she 's changed a lot .	PERSON was in jail for ten Year 's . Her release date finally arrived . PERSON was released from jail and set free . She breathed in deeply and cried with joy . After ten Years , she was finally a free woman !
grocery store	PERSON was low on groceries for the week . She sat down and wrote out her list of the things the family needed . When finished , she grabbed her bags and headed out the door . While on her way to the store , she had a flat and had to pull over . She fixed the flat tire and continued on to the grocery store .	I went to the grocery store . I was trying to buy bananas . I could n't find any bananas . They were sold out of bananas . I left the store and went home .	PERSON went to to store to get food . He did n't know the floor was just mopped . The person who mopped did n't put up a wet floor sign . PERSON slipped and fell . I could n't help laughing at him !	We all went to the store . My daughter wanted to buy a pizza . My son wanted to throw a fit . We walked down every aisle and I grabbed what I needed . We made it to the checkout before anything horrible happened .	PERSON had a new job at a grocery store . She thought it was going to be an easy job . PERSON was not prepared for a job standing for hours . She also was twisting her torso as she rang groceries . At the end of the first week PERSON 's whole torso was sore .	PERSON wanted to make a nice meal for PERSON . She went to the store and got pasta , tomatoes , garlic and chicken . She went home and made her famous pasta sauce . PERSON came over and brought wine . PERSON and PERSON enjoyed a very nice dinner !	PERSON goes grocery shopping every Sunday after church . She takes a list of items to buy . The grocery store always has snack displays in front . PERSON ends up buying more items than are on her list . Maybe PERSON should eat lunch before she goes shopping .	I was at the grocery store and about to check out . I see the lines were very long and never ending . However , a cashier open a lane just for me . It felt so great to be treated this way . I thanked the cashier for doing this .	I woke up this morning and noticed I had no groceries . Trying to change this , I got dressed real quick and got in my car . I drove straight to my local grocery store and grabbed a cart . After 30 minutes , I got everything I needed and out I went . Driving back to my house , I could n't wait to cook up breakfast !
christmas tree	I was still full from Thanksgiving but could not wait . I went to the shed and got my Christmas tree and decorations . I set up the tree in front of my front room windows . I then spent hours putting decorations on the tree . I stood back and was proud of my beautiful Christmas tree .	PERSON was going to pick out a Christmas tree with her grandma . She was excited because her mother always used fake trees . The lot was huge , and there were trees everywhere . PERSON fell in love with a small tree no taller than her . Her grandma protested , but PERSON still got the tree she wanted .	PERSON 's family searched the woods for the perfect Christmas tree . After about two hours they found a beautiful one . His dad was about to swing the ax when they heard chirping . There was a family of birds in the tree . So they started their search over again .	The Smiths drove to the mountains to cut a live Christmas tree . They searched for over an hour before finding the perfect tree . Just as Mr PERSON saw about to swing the ax , they noticed a nest . There were baby birds in the tree . They decided to chop down a different tree .	The Browns got a Christmas tree in early November . They all love Christmas and wanted to prolong it . By early December the tree was brown . Many of them were sad because the tree was dying . They got a new tree in mid-December .	PERSON 's favorite holiday is Christmas . She wanted to buy a new tree this year , but her husband said no . Her husband was not very fond of Christmas . PERSON decided to get the new tree anyway . Once it was set up and decorated , her husband loved it and was n't mad .	My roommates put up their Christmas tree this year . It was a lot of hard work , because their tree is artificial . They had to build the tree from pieces . When it was done , the cat jumped up and knocked it over . This is what it 's like living with a cat .	Today we went to buy a christmas tree . At the christmas tree farm we were looking for a good looking one . We finally found one that was not too tall and not too expensive . At home we put up the tree and decorated it . We all enjoy looking at our sparkling christmas tree .	PERSON and her family wanted to get a fresh Christmas tree . They drove to a local farm to find a tree . PERSON walked around until she found one she liked . They cut down the tree but it was too large for their car . PERSON and her family had to settle for a smaller Christmas tree .
mini golf	We thought we would take the kids to mini golf . They were so excited to go . My seven year old was ready to hit the ball . I followed it as it went towards the hole . Then all of a sudden I saw it fall in the hole .	One day PERSON and her friends decided to play mini golf . PERSON ended up scoring a hole in one ! Her friends applauded her . She ended up scoring the most points . They had a lot of fun .	PERSON and her friend went mini golfing . The two had fun back and forth . PERSON was winning at first . But then she hit the ball and it went in the water . She thought it was hilarious and got another ball .	My friend challenged me to golf . We were tied until the last hole . Both of us had two shorts . I ended up getting a birdie on the last shot . He lost since he ended up with a bogey .	PERSON asked his family to go mini golfing . He really wanted to beat his dad 's score . At the last hole , the score was all tied up . PERSON concentrated and got a hole in one . He beat his father 's total by 2 points and won the game .	We decided to play mini golf . The indoor course had put put . We got our clubs and got started . As we moved through the course , we found that it glowed in the dark . We had a hard time finding each other , but it was a fun game .	PERSON and his friends went and played miniature golf . It was a close match throughout with a number of holes in one . PERSON stepped to the 18th tee and buried his first shot . His friends all hit their final shots into the water . PERSON won the match and had bragging rights until the next game .	PERSON got out of school early so he could play mini golf . His parents told him he had earned a play day . They drove there and he looked in wonder at the building . They each got a golf club and different colored golf balls . PERSON wound up getting a better score than both of his parents !	PERSON invited PERSON to go mini golfing . PERSON secretly hated mini golf , but agreed to go anyway . While there , PERSON played terribly . She became crabbier and crabbier with each passing hole . She decided that next time , she would simply decline the invitation .
darts	Connie used to be a good dart player . When she met PERSON he challenged her to a game . Connie won the first game but lost the next four games . She quickly learned that PERSON was a much better player . Later that evening he admitted that he let her win the first game .	PERSON went to the bar every week to play darts . He thought he was the best at it . One day someone challenged him to a game . He accepted and quickly beat him . But after that game he got hustled for money .	PERSON and PERSON were at the bar . PERSON challenged PERSON to darts . PERSON agreed to the challenge . They played a game of darts . PERSON beat PERSON in the dart game .	PERSON was playing darts with his friends . At first his throws were way off . He missed the target every time ! But the more he played , the better he got . By the end of the night , PERSON was throwing like an expert !	PERSON and PERSON were at the bar . They began playing a game of darts . She kept missing the board . She finally hit the bullseye . PERSON still won the whole game .	PERSON went to go play darts at the bar with his friends . He was a poor shot , missing every throw . But he kept trying , and soon his aim improved . He hit the bullseye a few times , even ! By the end of the night , PERSON had beat all his friends !	PERSON was playing darts at his favorite bar . A younger man approached him and challenged him to a friendly game . PERSON laughed and said that the younger man could never beat him . The younger man bet him $ 50 that he would win . PERSON lost $ 50 playing darts .	Ant was drinking in the bar one night . His friends challenged him to a game of darts . Ant shrugged and accepted . To his friends ' surprise , And threw well , even inebriated ! Everyone was shocked when Ant won the game .	PERSON visited the local carnival . PERSON was happy to see a dart booth . PERSON was a great dart thrower . PERSON hit the bulls-eye every time . PERSON won many prizes .
allergies	She woke up with her eyes puffy and swollen . She reached for the eye drops . They did n't seem to do any good . She called the doctor to make an appointment . He gave her shots that relieved her discomfort .	PERSON started having an allergic reaction while out to eat ! We were n't sure what exactly she ate . She was allergic to quite a few things so it was difficult . We figured since it was n't a big reaction that she was fine . After we made it home her allergic reaction stopped and she was fine .	PERSON was walking past a field . He began sneezing and his became irritated . He noticed he was walking past a field and suspected he had allergies . PERSON then made a visit to his doctors office . His doctor explained to mike that he had hay fever .	PERSON 's allergies have been bothering him for a week . He has taken all the medication he can think of . PERSON decided to go to the doctor , and see if he can help . The doctor gave PERSON some medication . The medicine helped with PERSON 's allergies .	PERSON had dinner at her boyfriend 's parent 's house . All of a sudden she had trouble breathing . There were ground peanuts in the food . She had a peanut allergy . Fortunately she had an epipen with her so she was fine within minutes .	Today I surprised my daughter with a new pet cat . She was very happy . The next day , she started to sneeze a lot . It turned out that she was allergic to cats . I had to give the cat to my friend .	PERSON had gotten a pet dog . His daughter started sneezing . He brought his daughter to the doctor . His daughter was allergic to the dog . PERSON had to get rid of the dog .	The man 's eye itched . He thought it would pass . The next day it still itched . He asked the doctor for help . The doctor gave him allergy medicine .	PERSON loves her aunt 's new kitten . She played with the kitten all day before having to go home . PERSON wanted to get her own kitten , so she asked her mom that night . Sadly , PERSON began to sneeze and get a runny nose . Turns out PERSON is allergic to cats and she can not get a kitten .
hunting	PERSON and PERSON were best friends . They liked hunting . They went hunting together . They shot and ate a bear . They had a great time hunting .	PERSON and PERSON love to hunt . Usually , they go together and during deer season . One year , PERSON spotted a huge deer and he shot at it . They deer appeared to fall over but was nowhere to be found ! They decided that the deer was smarter than them and they went home .	PERSON went out to hunt a turkey for Thanksgiving dinner . PERSON had been out searching for nearly six hours . At which point he stumbled upon a gaggle of geese . Since it was getting so late he decided a goose would suffice . So he shot a goose and had a Thanksgiving goose dinner .	My friend 's dad went hunting for deer . He waited a very long time for a deer to come . Finally , he had to give up . On the way home , he hit a deer in his car . He knew he would get that deer somehow , even if it was unexpected .	PERSON was an avid outdoorsman . PERSON decided to go hunting . He decided to eat what he killed . PERSON shot a moose . The moose provided a year 's supply of meat for PERSON .	PERSON was hunting to feed her family . She could not shoot anything . But then she checked her line of snares . In one of her traps , she found a big plump rabbit . PERSON smiled , knowing her family would eat tonight .	PERSON was a bear hunter . One day he went out for a hunt with his son . While they were in the forest they ran into two bear cubs . The mother bear came out and found them and attacked PERSON 's son . PERSON rushed his son to the hospital and he made a full recovery .	PERSON likes to go hunting with her grandfather . From the time that she was a little girl she used to go with him . Most girls did n't like to hunt but she always has . She mostly loved spending time with her grandfather . When he passed away he left her all of his hunting equipment to use .	The man surveyed the land from a helicopter . He saw a bison in a field . He instructed the pilot to fly close to the bison . The man shot the bison from the helicopter . The pilot landed to gather the body .
hiking	We drove to the hiking trail . It was hard to breathe because of the altitude . I went very slowly up the trail . I stopped to rest at the top . When we were done my legs felt rubbery .	PERSON and her family spent the day hiking . They climbed to the tops of waterfalls . They had fun playing in the river . Her family ended the day cooking dinner on a campfire . They were all very tired when they got home .	PERSON loved to hike . Karen had never gone hiking before . PERSON wanted to take PERSON on a hike . PERSON accepted the offer and they chose a route . It was a nice hike and PERSON later went on more hikes .	PERSON was on a Girl Scout hike in the woods . Somehow she was separated from her group . Luckily , she remembered her training . She stayed put and lit a smoky fire . Soon her group was able to find and rescue her !	PERSON and PERSON were avid hikers . Every year , they took a trip together and braved new terrain . This year , they planned to hike a remote location in LOCATION . During the hike , PERSON fell and twisted his ankle . Unfazed , PERSON helped him up and they finished the hike together .	PERSON loved hiking . It was just a great place to relax . He went outside one day only to see that it was raining . Thus , he had to stop his hike . This was the last time he could hike for a long time .	PERSON loved to go hiking . He decided to go on a hiking trip one day . He invited his friend PERSON along . They walked on several trails and had a great couple of days . They both agreed what a great trip it had been .	My dog and I hiked up to the top of the mountain . He sniffed the ground . I looked at the scenery . He barked at a squirrel and ran away . I never went hiking with him again .	PERSON and PERSON went hiking often . One summer day they noticed a new berry bush had grown . PERSON told PERSON not to eat any of the berries . PERSON did not listen and ate the berries any way . PERSON was very sick and PERSON had to take him to a doctor .
surprise	PERSON and PERSON were going to have a baby ! PERSON wanted a boy and PERSON wanted a girl . They decided to not find out the sex beforehand . On delivery day , each parent got what they wanted . PERSON gave birth to twins !	My daughter lives in NYC and we live in LOCATION . Today our son is driving to a WWE fight in LOCATION . He is planning a surprise visit . He is going to knock on her door in LOCATION . We think she will be shocked .	PERSON 's friends are at her house for a surprise birthday party . They all hide and wait for PERSON to arrive . PERSON opens her door with great shock . All of her friends jump out to surprise her . PERSON laughs with all of her friends .	PERSON and PERSON had been in love for years . One night , he did n't come home until four am . She noticed that his shorts had pink all over them . PERSON said it was probably just ketchup . PERSON was n't an idiot and recognized the lipstick for what it was .	PERSON and mandy were best friends . One day mandy decided to give billy a present . She put a tarantula in a box of chocolates . When they met up , mandy handed billy the chocolate box . When billy found the tarantula , he fainted .	PERSON got off the bus . She walked up the street . On her way she seen something in the road . She walked up to it . She discovered a pair of shoes .	Angel had a bad day at work and did not want to cook . She suggested the family go out to eat or order in . PERSON did not want to go out to eat and planned a surprise instead . He went to the kitchen and started cooking . He surprised PERSON with her favorite meal with dessert included !	PERSON was sad he broke his favorite bowl . it was worse since the store no longer carried the bowl . PERSON came home from school and sulked off to his room . On his bed was a box . PERSON jumped for joy to see a Spiderman bowl his mom bought online .	PERSON had a birthday coming up . PERSON 's mother wanted to surprise him . His mother baked him a chocolate cake . His friends were also invited . PERSON was ecstatic when the surprise was revealed to him .
swimmer	PERSON was six years old . She wanted to learn to swim . Her mom took her to the pool . There , she patiently taught Ava the basics . Soon PERSON was paddling all by herself !	PERSON could not swim . She decided it was time to learn . She signed up for a class at the pool . She began by learning slow , easy strokes . Soon she was swimming quickly and expertly !	PERSON was at the beach one afternoon . She went into the water for a swim . But she ventured out farther than she had planned . She was a poor swimmer and could only dog paddle . She hurried to get back to shallower water !	PERSON was very scared of the water . Her mother tried to teach her to swim but she was scared . One day a huge amount of rain came and flooded her town . She fell in the water and was rescued . This made her afraid of not knowing how to swim so she started lessons	PERSON wanted to learn how to swim . PERSON signed up for lessons at the YMCA nearby . PERSON practiced his strokes every day . PERSON passed the swim test with flying colors ! Now PERSON teaches little kids how to swim as well .	PERSON loved swimming . She wanted to be a champion swimmer . But she just could n't race fast enough to win any contests ! Then PERSON found another way to keep herself in the water . PERSON became a swim coach and got paid to be in the water every day !	PERSON loved to swim . He often went to the local pool to do laps . He always considered swimming competitively . PERSON tried out for the local team . He was not fast enough and did not make the team .	PERSON always admired people who could swim . She would sit by the pool and watch people swim . She wish she could swim but she was afraid of drowning . PERSON overcame her fears and enrolled in a local swim class . She became the swimmer she always wanted to be .	PERSON was nine and all her friends knew how to swim , but she did n't . She convinced her dad to give her lessons in their backyard pool . First he taught her the basic dog paddle . But soon he had her swimming backstrokes and diving ! PERSON quickly became a natural water baby and a great swimmer .
the house	PERSON lived in a very dark and old house . The house had a huge history and it meant a lot to PERSON . One day there was a big storm and the house began shaking . After the storm , the house collapsed on itself . PERSON was forced to call the police for help .	There was an old house in the neighborhood that was abandoned . All the kids were afraid of it , except for PERSON . PERSON ventured in one day and found something amazing . There was a small dog taking shelter in the home . PERSON adopted the dog and took him home .	PERSON was house shopping . He narrowed it down to three houses . He looked at them all . He discussed options with the realtor . He could not make up his mind on which one .	PERSON was working with a realtor . He wanted to find a new house . He looked all over until he found just what he was looking for . It was an old brick home . PERSON made an offer that day .	Tim always wanted to build a house . He saved up money to buy a good plot of land . He designed the layout himself . It was n't until he met an architect that he realized why he could n't . Instead he payed someone else to do a better job .	PERSON drove to a new house . She looked at it with a Realtor . She told the Realtor it was n't for her . She thanked the Realtor for showing her the house . She drove home .	It was time for the Smiths to buy their first home . They researched and found just the right neighborhood . They looked at many houses but could n't agree on one . Finally they found the perfect house for their new family . Tomorrow is move-in day .	There was a house that was painted red and stood on a hill . PERSON walked up to this house to see if anyone was home . An old man answered the door and greeted PERSON . PERSON told him that a storm was coming and he needed to evacuate . The old man looked at the sky , then PERSON , then slammed the door .	PERSON decided to build a house . Using existing plans , he added a foundation and framed it . Next he added walls , a door , and a roof . He followed the plans to the letter . When it was done he realized he had built a dog house .
sailing	PERSON 's dad took him sailing one afternoon . They came across a very small boat which had capsized . They stopped to help the other boat . While they were helping , a huge thunderstorm rolled in . Eventually they righted the boat and towed it to the marina .	PERSON took her sailboat out one day . The waters were calm at first . But then a storm blew up out of nowhere ! PERSON had to hurry back to shore . She was lucky to make it back before the storm hit .	PERSON was invited to go sailing . She had never been and was a bit fearful . But she agreed to go with her friends . In the end , she had a wonderful day on the water ! PERSON was glad she had taken a chance on a new experience .	My family and I wanted to go sailing once . We rented a boat and took it to the bay . We sailed for a few hours . When we came back , we ate dinner by the docks . It was a fun day , and I hope we can go again .	PERSON and his friend PERSON went sailing on PERSON 's boat . PERSON thought sailing was easy and relaxing . He did n't realize he would have to help . He nearly fell out of the boat , tripping over all the lines . He realized sailing was n't all fun .	Two brothers grew up by the water . They played in the water everyday . When they were 10 their mom bought them a sail boat . They sailed everyday . The two brothers grew up and sailed around the world .	The PERSON family rented a sailboat for the weekend . They were n't avid sailors . However , they were really having a good time . They sailed all over the bay . They all agreed it was a marvelous time .	Every summer the PERSON family goes sailing . The children , PERSON and PERSON , love it the most . Both girls grew up on the boat and knew how to sail it themselves . Their dream was to one day win the World Cup race together . They worked hard and when they were 23 , they finally did it !	PERSON went to the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION with this friends . They chartered a 40 foot sailboat . For a week they sailed all around the islands exploring . They enjoyed snorkeling and dining on fresh lobster . In the end they all agreed that they should do it again some day .
fight	There was a rumble in the park . PERSON 's family was fighting another large family . Grown men were throwing punches at each other . PERSON rounded up the kids and got them to safety . Just then the police showed up .	Jeff and PERSON were arguing . Jeff thought PERSON was cheating on him . Carol was not cheating on PERSON . They fought for hours and hours . Carol and PERSON decided to break up .	PERSON also picked up PERSON PERSON was fed up with it . PERSON asked him to fight him after school They fought . PERSON ended up winning	PERSON was challenged to a friendly fight between him and his friend . He accepted even though he did n't want to . He started getting really nervous about it . He woke up ready to fight but decided he really did n't want to . He asked his friend and they decided not to fight .	My parents were livid . They screamed and hit me , and called me names . I was frozen and emotionless . I could n't take it anymore . They finally told me to just get out .	PERSON was new at school . He was small , so bullies targeted him right away . After class one day , a bully cornered him and demanded his money . But PERSON refused and stood his ground . Finally the bully gave up and went to find an easier target .	Two women were fighting in a store . PERSON wanted to help . He tried telling them to stop but it did not work . He went in between them . They stopped .	PERSON went to middle school . He saw a crowd in the hallway . There were a couple girls fighting . They were arguing and pulling hair . He walked right past the crowd .	PERSON was at a party . Suddenly a drunk guy went up to him . The drunk guy punched tom . PERSON was upset . PERSON left the party .
the tornado	The PERSON family just moved to their new home . They were in a new area that was prone to tornadoes . They were n't familiar with them . They ignored the warnings of one heading their way . Their house was destroyed and they all died .	PERSON went to visit his relatives in LOCATION LOCATION . When he arrived , the news reported a tornado coming . The tornado was one of the harshest in the town 's history . Schools , homes and hospitals were wiped out . PERSON ' relatives were homeless .	PERSON and his daughter lived in a mobile home in LOCATION . While watching the news , they heard there was a tornado coming . They quickly went to the neighbors storm cellar and waited . They hear loud noises and when the storm was over they came out . They felt very privileged to be alive when they saw the destruction .	The city was getting ready to celebrate Christmas . All of a sudden a huge tornado loomed above . It destroyed half the town . Houses were lifted off the ground . Christmas will never be remembered the same .	Late one evening , the tornado sirens sounded off around town . I gathered my family quickly . We headed immediately for the basement . The sounds we heard above we nightmarish . After it ended , we discovered that most of our house did not survive .	PERSON moved to a new city . It was in an area with tornadoes . PERSON had never experienced them before . The first time he had to deal with one was traumatizing . PERSON decided to move back .	A big storm was brewing . A tornado was spotted in town . The girls ran to the basement . The storm was very loud and scary . There was a lot of destruction in their town .	PERSON lives in LOCATION LOCATION . This part of LOCATION falls in the Tornado Ally zone . One day in May the sirens in her town went off signaling a Tornado . PERSON hid the closet at the center of her house as the Tornado passed . When she opened the closet door she saw her house was gone .	I went fishing one summer evening . It started to get dark quickly . It started raining before I knew it . I ran through the woods to may car . I saw trees toppling over from a tornado .
the concert	PERSON was going to see her favorite band live . She arrived at the venue later than expected . As she entered she saw the band arriving late as well . They greeted PERSON warmly and posed for a photo . PERSON had a great time at the concert .	PERSON loved music . She was going to a concert for her favorite artist . She had gotten front row tickets for the show ! She got to the arena hours before the show . PERSON could n't wait to see the band live !	The family loaded up into the car . They were going to see a concert . It was their favorite band ! The concert lasted all night . They 'd heard all of their favorite songs .	PERSON really loved rock music . She finally went to see her favorite band . PERSON joined the mosh pit . A guy ran into PERSON and broke her rib . PERSON no longer goes to concerts .	PERSON and his buddies were pumped . They were going to a concert . They showed up and got to their seats . The band came on and began to play . PERSON and his friends all had a great time .	Our city put pianos out all over town for people to play . I was downtown and saw a homeless man begin to play . He played as well as any concert pianist I had ever heard . When he finished , he picked up all his worldly possessions . Walking back to the anonymity of his life .	PERSON had never seen a band play live before . She decided to go to a concert as soon as possible . The first one in town was a band she kind of liked . They sounded horrible live ! PERSON decided just to buy CDs instead .	PERSON was at an orchestra concert . He did not enjoy listening to classical music . PERSON thought it would be funny to pretend to fall asleep . The people around him did not think it was funny . A security guard came by and asked him to wake up .	One day PERSON and his friends decided to go to a concert . While there , they got into a mosh pit . PERSON got trampled to the ground . His friends helped him up . They decided not to go moshing again .
PERSON gets dumped	PERSON has been in a committed relationship for years . PERSON is told there is no romance anymore . PERSON is told by his girl she does n't want to be with him anymore . PERSON gets dumped . PERSON cries his eyes out after being dumped .	PERSON is always bossing her boyfriend around . One day she tells him he is dressed like a hobo . Her boyfriend takes offense to this and ends the relationship . PERSON apologizes but it 's no use . PERSON 's boyfriend moves on and finds someone better .	PERSON is dating a model . PERSON is loving life . One day PERSON gets a call . His girlfriend tells him he is n't good enough for her . PERSON gets dumped by the model .	PERSON is mean to her boyfriend . One evening on a date she yells at him . Her boyfriend is totally embarrassed . Her boyfriend leaves the restaurant . He calls her days later to dump her .	PERSON was so much in love with his girlfriend . PERSON had dated her for years . One day PERSON was coming over to her house . He knocked on the door with flowers . She answered the door and tells him it 's over .	PERSON had been going steady with his girlfriend for 2 weeks . The two had a date planned for friday night . At dinner the two were dining at a fancy restaurant . PERSON had to use the restroom and left his phone on the table . His girlfriend went through his phone and decided to dump him there .	PERSON was out to dinner with his girlfriend . PERSON was so in love with her . The two had been together for 2 years . PERSON got down on one knee and asked her to be his bride . She cried and told him it was n't working out between the two .	PERSON is in a relationship with her dream guy . She feels so lucky to be with such a handsome guy . One night while on a date he sits down and talks to her . He tells her that he just is n't feeling a connection with her . PERSON gets dumped by her dream guy .	PERSON is in a relationship . She wants to end it . She goes to talk to her boyfriend . Her boyfriend has news for her . He dumps her first .
stuck	PERSON wanted to go down the slide herself . Half-way down the slide she changed her mind . She started to cry . Her mom crawled up the slide from the bottom . She and PERSON went down the slide together .	We drove by Boston University on Monday . I saw two students pushing a hamper across the street . The wheels of the hamper got stuck in the trolley tracks . A trolley was approaching , a quarter of a mile away . Luckily they freed the hamper .	PERSON was at her cousin 's house during a big rain storm . She wanted to drive home . She waited until there seemed to be a break in the rain . PERSON drove halfway home and had to pull over because of the rain . Her car ended up getting stuck in the mud and had to be towed .	I was travelling along the road one day alone . When it got dark I decided to make camp and rest . I rested well but was greeted by a grim sight upon waking . In the dark I had camped near a large rock which rolled onto my gear . Despite my best efforts I could n't move it and had to leave it behind .	Over the weekend PERSON got stuck inside the company elevator . She had to push the emergency call button for help . PERSON had to wait for over six hours before she was freed . She now is frighten to ride on any elevator alone . PERSON has started to see a therapist on how to deal with the issue .	I realized I would never find joy . I would probably never find someone who loved me . I gave up on trying to be pretty , happy , or successful . I know now that I did n't deserve any of the happiness I sought . I 've decided to stop trying .	PERSON 's car was stuck in the mud . Luckily , his friend lived nearby . He called his friend to help him drag it out . His friend managed to pull the car out the ditch with a towing cable . PERSON bought his friend drinks as a thanks .	PERSON 's car was stuck . He accidentally overturned and went into a small ditch . He called his insurance company 's roadside assistance . After two hours , a roadside technician came to help . With the technician 's help , PERSON got his car back on the road .	PERSON was working on his roof . He set a ladder against his house . Dean climbed up the ladder . The ladder fell away from the house . PERSON had to wait for his wife to get home to get down from the roof .
busted	PERSON was n't supposed to have Mortal Kombat . He traded a friend at school for the game . He was playing on Saturday when his mom came into his room . She yelled in anger when she saw the game . PERSON 's mom sold his Sega Genesis as a punishment .	PERSON bought a brand new vase from the mall . Once he arrived home , he placed it on the mantle . He admired it so much that he took pictures of the vase . PERSON 's cat jumped onto the mantle and knocked the vase over . He cried as the pieces lay all over the floor .	PERSON 's daughter PERSON was four . PERSON told PERSON to shut up . PERSON was shocked by this . He asked PERSON where she heard the phrase . PERSON said she heard PERSON say it while he was on the phone !	PERSON is caught shoplifting from Macy 's . Security places her in a holding cell . One of the officers proposition her in return for her freedom . PERSON contemplates the offer . The officer wants PERSON to tell on her friend , PERSON declines .	I wanted to impress a girl in my dorm named May so badly . I traced a sketch of a woman in an art book . I gave it to May , claiming I had drawn it while looking at her . At first she seemed genuinely touched . Then she said she remembered from her art class !	Kia was at a party when her friend pulled out a bottle of liquor . They were all teens , so Kia was nervous . She did n't drink even when everyone else got loud and raucous . When the noise got too bad , a neighbor called the police . Soon several cops had busted the party !	While his mom was in the shower , PERSON put on a raunchy show . He knew he was n't allowed to watch it . But he figured his mom would never know ! Then he heard her clear her throat angrily . She had snuck up on him and caught him !	Jay really liked a girl in his Algebra class , PERSON . PERSON decided to write PERSON a poem . PERSON picked his favorite love ballad and copied the lyrics down . He passed this off as his own creation and gave it to PERSON . PERSON chuckled and told PERSON that was her favorite song .	My girlfriend was going out of town for the weekend . As soon as she left I called my ex-girlfriend and arranged to meet up . We went to one of our old hangouts . Thirty minutes later my girlfriend walked in and spotted us . Now neither one of them want anything to do with me .
little league	The Little League team had advanced to the World Series . They were a solid team full of great kids . In their final game , the pitcher threw a no-hitter . The team worked well together . They ended the series as the champions !	My nephew played in the Little League when he was 8 . He started as a pitcher . During one game he was covering home base on a play . The player slid into him , breaking his leg . After he recovered , he quit playing Little League .	PERSON 's son was on a little league team . The team had a big game coming up . PERSON told his son he would come to the game . At the last minute , a work meeting was scheduled . PERSON was sad that he would have to let his son down .	PERSON wanted his kid to join little league . He felt it would help him in many ways . PERSON 's kid was never that interested in it . He tried it just to make PERSON happy . Eventually PERSON pulled him out .	PERSON wanted to join little league . He had asthma and his parents were worried . He convinced them to let him . He had a lot of fun . His parents decided to trust him more .	PERSON was a terrible baseball player . His coach gave up on him early in the season . But little PERSON practiced after school every day . When the big final game came he was allowed to play . Unfortunately he was still terrible and lost his team the game .	PERSON 's parents signed him up for little league baseball . He practiced with his father every afternoon to prepare for his games . On the weekends , PERSON played with his team against other teams . PERSON 's team was always very dominant because of how well he played . PERSON 's team went on to win the state championship for baseball .	PERSON 's first day of little league went badly . He did n't even get to play . Being out in the sun made him sick . He threw up in the dugout . His friends all laughed at him until he cried .	PERSON was on a little league team . He was scared of playing his first game . His dad practiced with him every day . On game day , PERSON was excited . He hit his first home run .
late for work	PERSON was asleep when a thunderstorm started outside . She did n't realize that the electricity went out . When she woke up it was 9 am . She was supposed to be to work by then ! PERSON had slept in because her alarm never went off .	Harry arrived late for work . He had been late twice this past week . His boss insisted that he should speak with him . Harry was nervous as he sat across from his boss . His boss told him he would be fired if he was late again .	PERSON was in a huge hurry to get to work . He threw himself into the driver 's seat , and put the car in reverse . Starting to back up , he heard a loud crash ! Looking back , he saw that he had forgotten to open the garage door ! Sighing loudly , he called his boss , and explained why he 'd be late .	PERSON works in the office . She was running late this morning . She did not want her boss to find out . She sneaked into the office . She pretended she had been there since 8am .	I woke up . I realized I was late for work . I quickly got ready and went to the office . My boss was angry and refused to give me a promotion . I realized I needed to be better about being on time to work .	PERSON was late to work for the fifth time this month . He was normally never late but he was still worried about being fired . When he arrived , his boss called him into his office . PERSON tried to apologize to his boss and explain why he was late . But his boss told him that they needed to fire him anyways .	PERSON was constantly late for work . Her boss told her she would be fired if it kept up . PERSON did research and looked up better sleeping habits . She set different alarms and went to sleep earlier . PERSON was able to get to work on time .	PERSON turned off his alarm and went back to bed . Two hours later , he woke up . He realized he was very late for work . He tried to sneak in hoping no one would notice . His boss was standing at the door waiting for him .	PERSON awoke in panic when she realized that she was late for work . She hopped into the shower with her toothbrush . When she was finished with cleaning , she put her clothes on . PERSON grabbed her keys and some toast and she headed out the door . She dialed the manager and let him know that she was on her way .
dad	PERSON 's mom said she had a surprise that afternoon . All through school , PERSON wondered what the surprise was . She raced home and ran through the front door . She stopped short when she saw her dad , home on shore leave . He had come two weeks early to surprise her !	My dad died December 17th . His body was not found until December 22nd , when I was back to LOCATION . We buried my dad on December 24th . My birthday is December 26th . I no longer celebrate Christmas or my birthday .	PERSON had always hated his dad . As a child , his dad was always scolding him . But as he matured , PERSON saw that his dad was trying to help him . Soon the two men began to really communicate . And as an adult , PERSON counted his dad among his best friends .	PERSON always loved to go fishing . One day , he went to the lake and set his gear up . He waited patiently for a fish to nibble his line . He finally felt a tug and snapped his fishing pole to hook the fish ! He was so excited to show his friends his catch !	PERSON felt sad that her Dad was moving far away . He told her suddenly and was leaving in less than two weeks . She spent as much time with him as she could before he left . Now , PERSON spends lots of time planning trips to visit her dad . She is excited about traveling across the country to see him .	PERSON and PERSON , twins , loved their dad very much . But when he got Alzheimer 's , neither could help him . The twins had a small home and agreed a nursing home would be best . Then PERSON remembered how their dad had raised them , alone , for 18 years . Shamed , he and PERSON agreed that their dad should move in with them .	The boy looked for his dad . He was usually in his chair . He was n't in his chair . He looked in the back yard . His dad was picking up dog poop in the back yard .	My dad would swing us around as kids . He would hold each of us in each arm . One day he let me go a little too soon . I flew right into a table . That day I received two stitches .	PERSON loved weekends . She got to spend them with her dad . He picked her up Friday night and they had fun until Sunday night . They often went swimming or even to the movies . Weekends were PERSON 's favorite part of the week !
the beach	PERSON and her friends went to the beach yesterday . They walked along the edge . They jumped the waves . It was all fun until PERSON stepped on a jellyfish . They then rushed to the ER .	PERSON loved the beach . She went to the beach every weekend . She spent much of her time at the beach tanning . Her job has been getting busier lately . Now she ca n't go because she is so busy with work .	PERSON saw a crab on the beach . She was so excited she wanted to pet it . The crab snapped at her fingers . PERSON hurt herself and had to go to the hospital . PERSON no longer wanted to go back .	PERSON had a big day planned at the beach . She was going to swim and build a sand castle . When she was building her castle a wave knocked it down . She was very upset and wanted to cry . Her parents came to her aid and helped her rebuild her castle .	The family liked visiting new places . They found a secluded beach . They spent all day splashing in the water . Then they ate a picnic lunch . It had been a great day exploring new places .	PERSON and I decided on going to the beach to soak in some sun . As we ventured out for the walk , we discussed what to eat there . As we went back and forth , we decided on sandwiches at Subway . After getting our Subway , we finally laid on our blankets . We soaked in the sun as we sat there listening to the ocean .	The PERSON family loved going to the beach . They were trying to decide where to go for vacation . The family decided that they had to go to a beach . They decided to go to LOCATION . The PERSON family loved LOCATION and want to go back .	My family absolutely loves going to the beach . So , every year we take a family trip to our favorite beach . However , this year our trip had to be cancelled . The beach was covered in poisonous jellyfish . Therefore , it was too unsafe for us to visit and swim .	Today Ally went to the beach . There were lots of people at the beach . The sun was very hot . PERSON forgot sunscreen PERSON had to go home .
shoe shopping	PERSON 's daughter was outgrowing her shoes . PERSON took her to the shoe store . The clerk measured her feet . They tried on several pairs of shoes . PERSON bought a pair of shoes for her daughter .	Will was looking for a new pair of running shoes . Will went to his local sporting goods store . Will compared styles , fits and prices . Will finally made his choice - a pair of New Balance shoes . PERSON went home feeling good about his purchase .	PERSON went to the mall to shop for shoes . When she walked into the store she saw sale signs . PERSON read that all shoes were half price . She went immediately to the shoe department . PERSON bought eight pairs of shoes .	PERSON measured her foot to get her shoe size . She tried on a pair of shoes . She walked around the store in them to see how they fit . She took them to the counter and purchased the shoes . She left the store and took them home to put in her closet .	PERSON wanted to take her daughter ally shoe shopping . The two of them went to PERSON PERSON on fifth avenue to look . As soon as they walked in , ally grabbed about four pairs of shoes . Each one fit perfectly . PERSON ended up buying all of them for her .	PERSON really wanted a new pair of shoes . Eager for money , he took a local paper route . For five weeks , he delivered the news to his neighbors . Each paycheck brought him closer to his goal . After more than a month , he was able to buy great new sneakers !	PERSON needed heels for prom . She went to three stores . But she could n't find any shoes to match her dress ! She asked her mom for help . Her mom lent her the perfect pair of shoes !	PERSON loves shopping for shoes . PERSON saw a pair of shoes that he loved ! PERSON asked the salesperson if the store had shoes in his size . Sadly , the store was all out of that shoe in PERSON 's size . The salesperson ordered shoes in the correct size for Alex.	PERSON needed new shoes . The first store she visited did not have a pair she liked . Neither did the second , third , or fourth store . PERSON visited six shoe stores before finding the perfect pair . She went home tired , but happy with her new shoes .
sisters	My wife had a long labor with our first child . It was not decided that we would have a second for a few Year 's . Once we decided to have a second , we got right on it . It did not take long before my wife was pregnant . Now our oldest daughter has a younger sister .	PERSON was five when her mom announced she was getting sisters . But not just one or two - her mom was having triplets ! PERSON was horrified at first - three sisters meant no time for her ! But when they were born , PERSON found them cute and lovable . She soon became a very protective big sister !	PERSON had always wanted a sister . She begged her parents , but they laughed her off . Then one day when she was six , they gave her exciting news . She was going to get her little sister after all ! PERSON was so excited , she jumped for joy .	A little PERSON wanted to play with her older sister PERSON . PERSON was not interested in playing . PERSON tried to draw sister 's attention . She threw Lego on the floor . PERSON started to yell at PERSON .	PERSON was missing her sister very much . They were so very close that they would see each other every day . But her sister had moved to another state so it was hard to see her . Luckily there was a video chat software PERSON was able to get . She used it so she could see her sister again every day .	PERSON had a big date on Friday . She had the perfect outfit picked out . When she could n't find her top her sister walked in . Turns out the sister was wearing it . They got into a big fight and the top got torn in the process .	Jan and PERSON were sisters . The sisters were complete opposites . Jan loved art and PERSON loved numbers . One day , the sisters decided to open a clothing store . The sisters combined their talents to create a successful business .	PERSON wanted her big sister to like her . She tried talking to her sister about things , but that never worked . Then she read a oil that suggested she listen instead of talk . She began to ask her sister open-ended questions . Soon PERSON was happily communicating with her big sister !	PERSON was crying because she could n't find her phone . Her mother was trying desperately to calm her down . Her siblings began walking in the house . As the crowd cleared PERSON noticed her sisters guilty expression . PERSON 's mood improved when she realized she found the culprit .
runaway	I was waiting in front of the bathroom for my friend . A dragonfly suddenly flew near me . It tapped the side of my face . In an attempt to get away from it , I can . My friend tried to look for me .	Little PERSON packed up his GI PERSON PERSON and walked outside . He marched up the block , planning to never go home again . After crossing a few streets , PERSON began to cry . He wanted to go home , but did n't know if he was welcome . Then PERSON 's dad appeared from behind a hedge and took him home .	PERSON was eleven and had gotten detention . His dad grounded him for a week . PERSON angrily decided to run away from home . But as he packed his bag , he calmed down and reconsidered . He decided his punishment was actually pretty fair , after all .	One day , a grandma was drinking tea . She offered it to her grandson . He did n't like it . As a result , she made him drink more . Finally , he grew sick of her and ran away from home .	PERSON hated her little brother . She always thought her parents liked him more . She decided to run away one day . Her parents found her crying a block away . They took her home and she never ran away again .	PERSON 's older sister ran away from home . PERSON 's parents spent months looking for her . The police dropped by the house from time to time , with no news . PERSON went into his sister 's room and looked at all she left behind . He wondered if he would ever see his sister again .	PERSON 's dog ran away one night . He found the dog , Mo , missing in the morning . He was devastated and spent all day looking for PERSON ! Luckily , he caught PERSON running around the local park . PERSON was so glad he had found PERSON !	PERSON 's female cat ran away from home . PERSON was devastated ! Then a neighbor returned the cat , which had been in his yard . He warned PERSON that he had a male cat , but PERSON only smiled . She was n't worried because she had had her cat fixed !	PERSON had a dog named PERSON . PERSON was a good dog , but he liked to run away . One day PERSON decided to take PERSON on a hike . PERSON ran away and was gone all night . The next day , PERSON came back covered in mud and PERSON was very glad .
the gym	PERSON never thought about joining the gym . When he started gaining weight he decided it was time to try . At first he went 2 days a week , because he forced himself to . He started enjoying himself and began going 4 days a week . PERSON looks great now and he says he will never stop going regularly .	PERSON decided to get into shape . He worked out every day . Soon , he was lifting heavy weights . He felt really healthy and strong . He decided to become a trainer to help others .	PERSON was nervous . She just got her gym membership . She walked in the door and was a bit intimidated . She overcame it though and began working out . She felt great working out in the gym .	PERSON and I went to the gym everyday to get healthy . Today , I was tired and did n't want to go at all . She came and picked me up and I went with no intention to run . After we arrived , I decided to run anyways and was glad I did . I lost an additional five pounds and will continue to keep going .	PERSON went to the gym . He saw several of his friends . PERSON talked to his friends until the gym closed . PERSON went home without exercising at all . PERSON realized that he enjoyed his friends more than the gym .	PERSON wanted to work out . She decided to go to a gym , but did not want to go alone . She asked her friend PERSON to join her at the gym . PERSON met PERSON at the gym . The girls worked out until they were tired .	Christian challenged a stranger to battle at Pokemon Go . The stranger looked at him confused . Christian asked why he was at the Pokemon Go gym if not to battle . The stranger said he was just texting his girlfriend on his phone . Christian felt like a loser and went home .	PERSON wanted to work out . She was going to go to her gym . Then she remembered it was closed . She decided to cancel her membership . She started going to an all day gym instead .	PERSON wanted to lose some weight . She decided to join a gym . She went to the gym 4 days a week for 2 months . After 2 months she weighed 20 pounds less . PERSON was encouraged by her hard work and kept working out .
PERSON 's party	PERSON wanted to go to the party on Saturday night . His parents asked him to clean his room before he can go . PERSON decided not to clean his room at all . His parents explained that he ca n't go to the party . PERSON stayed home and cleaned his room on Saturday night .	It was PERSON 's birthday . He was opening presents from friends . He opened a present from his friend PERSON . It was a set of towels and a pair of pajamas . PERSON does n't talk to PERSON anymore these days .	PERSON was turning 21 at last . Her friends wanted to do something really special to celebrate . They got together for dinner without inviting her , to plan . PERSON found out they had dinner without her . PERSON was offended and stopped taking their calls .	PERSON was looking to her birthday in two days . Her friends from work and school invited her to a party . She could n't go to both parties . PERSON decided to throw her own party . She invited everyone from school and work .	PERSON threw a party one night . One of his friends brought alcohol . PERSON was tempted to drink the alcohol . After thinking about it , he decided not to . PERSON had made the right choice .	PERSON decided to throw a party for her friends . She bought food and drinks for her guests . They arrived on Saturday evening . Everyone loved the party that PERSON had prepared . She was proud that she could make so many people happy .	PERSON was sad because he was far away from his family . He held a party to cheer himself up . PERSON invited all his work friends to come . The party was a huge success . PERSON felt better knowing his friends cared about him .	It was PERSON 's big day , a party for his first birthday . We drove to the house where they were having the party . PERSON got lots of presents . PERSON got to eat a big piece of cake by himself and made a mess . PERSON had a great first birthday , he was very happy .	A girl named PERSON was throwing a party . She invited all the friends in her grade level . Late at night , people began to show up with alcohol . They partied all night and had a great time . Unfortunately , PERSON 's parents came home early and busted her .
yoga	My friend PERSON loves yoga . She took classes and got certified as an instructor . She started teaching part time to support her family of five . Her mother leant her some money to open up a studio . She just celebrated her fifth year in business .	PERSON was getting old and stiff . He decided to take care of his health . He enrolled in yoga class . At first , he was the worst yogi at the yoga class . But , after many years he became one of the best yogis !	PERSON was pregnant but wanted to stay fit . She decided to try a maternity yoga class . She went to the class each week and did her poses . The yoga kept Aya flexible and in shape . She stayed fit all throughout her pregnancy !	PERSON went to his first yoga class the other day . He thought it would be an easy workout and a great way to meet girls . Three minutes into his workout he was sweating like crazy . He tried to wink at a girl but lost his balance and fell over . He left the studio with more respect for yoga and no new numbers .	My husband wants me to teach him yoga . We 've scheduled to do it twice a week . It 's been two weeks and we have n't even gotten into it . I show him an asana and he just ca n't move that way . It will be awhile before his body loosens up enough .	A man wanted to increase his flexibility He began watching yoga videos on youtube . He followed along diligently . He practiced everyday . He saw his flexibility increase dramatically .	PERSON was feeling completely relaxed . She was doing yoga in her living room . She loved to unwind and work out at the same time . She stretched her muscles farther and farther . She loved to feel the burn .	PERSON 's friend invited her along to yoga class . It sounded fun , so she agreed . But the class was very hard and PERSON was quickly winded ! It was hard to contort herself into the yoga positions . PERSON decided yoga was n't for her !	My girlfriend loves to do yoga . She always tries to get me to do it . I finally gave in a tried even though I am not very flexible . I pulled a muscle in my back the first move . She felt so bad that she babied me for weeks .
flat	PERSON was driving home from work one day . Suddenly her ride got very bumpy . She pulled over and got out to check . PERSON saw that she had a flat tire ! She had to call the auto club to come and help her .	The man got a flat . He stopped to change his tire . He had the tire removed . A car did n't see him there working . The car accidentally hit the man .	PERSON got a flat tire one morning . She did not know how to change tires . She had to call for help from the assistance company . The technician showed up in half an hour and fixed her tire . PERSON thanked him and got back in her car .	PERSON could not sleep at night . He felt that his pillow was too flat . PERSON fluffed up the pillow but that did not work . He reached in the dark for a second pillow . The two pillows were stacked atop each other and PERSON slept soundly .	PERSON was driving home one day . Suddenly she heard a strange bumping noise . She got out and saw that her tire had gone flat . She pulled into a gas station and unscrewed her valve caps . There , PERSON filled her own tire for the first time .	PERSON heard a weird bumping sound . She pulled her car over and got out to check . Her front tire was flat ! She called the auto club for help . Soon they came to replace her tire .	I had a blow out on the interstate . I managed to get to the side of the road . My spare was flat . I called a tow truck . Soon I had the tire fixed .	PERSON had a flat tire . She tried calling for help , but her cell phone was dead ! She could not find a pay phone anywhere . Luckily , a passerby lent her his cell phone to call for help . Soon a tow service came to help repair PERSON 's tire .	PERSON was had a flat tire on his way to work . PERSON hopped out and went to work on changing the tire . PERSON then proceeded on his way to work . PERSON walked into the office and noticed people staring at him . PERSON later saw , in the mirror , that his face was streaked with grease !
broken window	PERSON and PERSON were hitting baseballs in PERSON 's yard . PERSON hit one so hard it sailed over their fence . It went right through their neighbor 's window . PERSON went over to his neighbors to tell them he was sorry . He did their yard work the next month to pay for the damage .	Boys were playing soccer outside . One boy accidentally kicked the ball into the neighbor 's window . The angry neighbor ran out of his house . He yelled at boys . They run away as fast as possible .	PERSON and PERSON were playing baseball . They were in the front yard . PERSON 's mom had warned him to be careful of the windows . PERSON threw the ball and PERSON missed . It went through the window and broke it .	Queen had to replace her bedroom window . She had accidentally broke it playing baseball with her brothers . It would be two weeks for a replacement window . Nothing seemed to work in patching the window . She ended up having to use her old nursery blanket as cover for the window .	PERSON was playing ball in his yard . Suddenly his baseball accidentally smashed a window ! He was terrified and ran inside . The neighbor came over and spoke to his mom about the incident . PERSON was forced to pay for the window himself .	PERSON woke up to a loud noise at night . He realized his car 's window was broken . PERSON checked to see but nothing was stolen . The cops found out it was young hoodlums being destructive . They were caught and PERSON was paid back .	PERSON lived in an apartment near a tree . There was a strong storm . A tree branch snapped and broke through his living room window . PERSON was scared but not injured . His landlords paid for the damages .	PERSON 's car 's electric window stopped working on his side . PERSON could n't afford to fix it at the time . He tried to do it himself but was n't able to . He would have to drive around without being able to roll it down . It was especially annoying when using drive throughs .	PERSON woke up in the middle of the night to a loud crack . His window had been shattered . Someone threw a rock at it . PERSON could n't figure out why anybody would do that to him . He later found out it was kids pulling pranks .
thanksgiving dinner	PERSON was looking forward to the Thanksgiving break from school . Her family decided to start a new tradition this year . Rather than the typical meal , they were going to cook for others . PERSON and her family went to the homeless shelter for Thanksgiving . They felt blessed as they helped serve Thanksgiving dinner to so many .	PERSON was hosting lunch for her family 's Thanksgiving dinner . She had forgotten to defrost the turkey . There was no way that she could cook the turkey in time . PERSON quickly defrosted a couple of chickens . PERSON cooked the chickens for dinner instead .	My family got together inside my cousin 's house . Everyone carried a dish with them . The dishes were placed on the table . From chicken to potatoes , a lot of food was available . We all went to the table and started eating .	The PERSON family Thanksgiving dinner was here . PERSON PERSON had prepared the turkey . She absolutely hated it even though she had cooked it . Everyone thought it was funny . They told the story every year at Thanksgiving from then on .	PERSON bought a turkey fryer for Thanksgiving dinner . He set it up on his deck and started cooking . Unfortunately , the oil overflowed and spilled onto the burner . The oil caught fire and soon the deck was burning too . Both the dinner and the deck were ruined that Thanksgiving .	PERSON would be celebrating thanksgiving alone . He was unable to make the flight to see his family . On Thanksgiving day he ordered pizza . He ate the pizza by himself . He was happy that he was at least able to call his family later .	PERSON was a vegan . But she still wanted to celebrate Thanksgiving . So she decided she was going to still show up . She simply bought a tofu turkey . It was not like the real thing but it was good enough .	The PERSON 's wanted to have a family dinner . It was Thanksgiving and they wanted a tradition . Unfortunately they burned the turkey . They also messed up the sides . They wound up eating pizza instead .	PERSON never had Thanksgiving dinner at his house . This was going to be his first year . He was too nervous and had issues at home . PERSON had to cancel the dinner . His family understood the situation .
summer	The temperature was soaring higher and higher . PERSON reached for his bottle of water . He was finding every way to avoid going outside . The forecast was expected to get hotter . PERSON laid in a puddle of sweat .	PERSON was throwing a party for the first day of summer . But the night before , rain was forecast ! PERSON was glum . Then the morning of the party dawned perfectly clear . PERSON was glad that the forecast had been wrong .	PERSON and PERSON loved the summer . They were neighbors since they were kids and became friends . Every summer they would play from dusk until dawn . As the boys turned into men , they never lost touch . The friends always get together at some point during the summer .	It was the last day of school and everyone was excited . The bell rang and everyone jumped with joy . We all ran out of school and started having fun . Summer was going to be a blast ! Everybody went home and got ready to enjoy summer .	It was a summer afternoon and PERSON was standing outside . As the sun shined on him , he thought about how much he hated summer . He hated everything about it -- the heat , the sweat , the brightness . However , something soon happened which made him smile . A giant cloud floated by and covered up the sun .	PERSON decided to have a great senior summer . But his mom had other plans - she enrolled him in school ! At first PERSON hated the classes every day . But at college , he saw how well-prepared he was . Then , PERSON silently thanked his mom .	PERSON needed more money . He got a summer job . He worked at a coffee shop for 40 hours a week . At the end of the summer he checked his bank account . He had made a lot of money !	One summer when PERSON was little , he lived in LOCATION . It was very difficult because of 24-hour sunlight . He moved back to LOCATION , and the days were so short . He told other students what it was like , and they make fun of him . He wishes he could go back , where people know the summer sunlight .	June got out of school in May . She went to LOCATION for a vacation . She met a handsome man . They fell in love . He moved back to the LOCATION with her .
internet	I called Centurylink to get internet . The person on the phone asked for my information . I gave the person my billing information . I told the person that I wanted the cheapest plan available . The person told me my new modem would arrive in a few days .	The man browsed the internet . He visited an unsafe site . He got a computer virus . He could not get rid of it . He threw out the computer .	Our building internet went down on Saturday . The management tried to reboot the system . The system failed to work after rebooting . The technician did not come to fix the system until Monday . Everybody was angry at the management .	A couple 's internet went out . They called the cable company . They sent someone to fix it . It took the repairman forever . The couple complained .	My internet connection stopped working over the weekend . My internet service provider said it would be down all weekend . I spent the day mowing the lawn and cleaning the house . I did the laundry and walked my dog . It was a very fruitful and productive day for me .	Our internet went out yesterday . We got a note service was restored but our unit was out . I contacted tech support , who had me checking my router . They later found out a tech was still making adjustments . We got service later .	PERSON was surfing the web at home . He experienced slow internet speeds and was frustrated . He drove in his car to a coffee shop . The coffee shop had faster speeds . PERSON was happy about the fast speeds .	PERSON wanted to get a new computer . He was very broke though . He got a job a bar near his house . With his first paycheck he bought a new computer . He can now use the internet .	Our internet service was out last weekend . It did not get fixed until Monday . It went down on July 4th as well . Many people complained about the poor service . In response , the management decided to upgrade service to FIOS .
model	PERSON won Miss PERSON PERSON was so happy and nervous . When she was on the stage , they asked her questions . She could n't speak due to nerves Everyone cheered anyway .	Dharma wanted to be a model . She got some head shots made and sent them out . Soon , PERSON heard from an agent who said she had promise . Dharma auditioned for a big advertising agency . Now PERSON is the face of a major cosmetic line !	PERSON always tried to look her best . PERSON was very pretty . She made sure she looked beautiful everyday . She used her looks to make a name for herself . Now she is a beautiful and famous model .	PERSON needed a part time job at college . She decided to be a nude model for art classes . The job paid very well . She found her part time job and loved it . She was a happy college student .	PERSON had always wanted to be a model . She looked very beautiful and liked to buy clothes . After many years , she was finally hired . She became very famous . Now , PERSON is known throughout the world .	May wanted to be a model . She was very pretty , so she knew she had a chance . She entered competitions as often as she could . Soon she was spotted by a local talent agent . May was recruited to model for a major agency !	PERSON was slim and pretty . She wanted to be a model . She contacted an agency and showed them some photos . But to her surprise , the agency did not sign her ! They told PERSON she was too short to model .	PERSON was slim and pretty . Her family said she was pretty enough to model . So PERSON decided to enter a modeling contest . She did her best to impress the judges . Sadly , though , she did not win the contest .	I wanted to become a model . So , I worked out and ate good food . Eventually , I became muscular and ripped . I applied for modeling jobs in LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . I finally landed a job and became a model !
the birthday cake	PERSON wanted to make a cake for her birthday . She gathered the ingredients and began to mix them . When she put the cakes in the oven she realized she was tired . She fell asleep on the couch waiting for the cake to bake . When she awoke she realized the cake had burned .	PERSON had his 13th birthday this last weekend . His family had a small party for him . They went to the park and invited friends and family . The only drawback was that they misspelled his name on the cake . Luckily PERSON did n't care and thought it was delicious .	It was PERSON 's birthday . On her way home from work , she decided to buy a cake . PERSON chose a delicious looking chocolate cake . She ate a slice of the cake for dessert . She saved the rest of the cake to bring to work the next day .	Fran was gearing up for the surprise . She had made her dad a birthday cake . It was her father 's birthday and he would be home soon . She pulled the cake out of the oven and decorated it . Her father walked in and was so happy and surprised .	My friend made a cake for a big birthday party . I got to the party early . I hungrily stared at the delicious cake . I knew I could n't have any before the party started . So I chewed on some crackers to ease my hunger .	I once had a great birthday . I got a beautiful cake . It was a chocolate cake . My friends and I ate the cake in one day . We felt very sick afterwards .	PERSON bought a birthday cake for her coworker . They presented it during a small office party . Immediately people noticed the name was misspelled on the cake . PERSON apologized and felt embarrassed . Her coworker told her it was no big deal .	PERSON was shopping for her son 's first birthday . She had everything she needed except for the perfect cake . She was perusing the shelves but nothing stood out . Luckily the baker offered to show her some special new cakes . PERSON found the perfect one for her son and thanked the baker .	PERSON wanted to bake a delicious cake for his mom 's birthday . PERSON did not know how to bake . PERSON attended baking classes at a local shop . PERSON studied hard and did what his instructors told him . PERSON 's mom was surprised as how good the cake he made tasted .
flight	PERSON wanted to take a vacation . He had saved money . He researched plane ticket prices . He looked every day for the lowest prices . He found a great deal and took the best vacation of his life .	PERSON had a 9am flight to LOCATION . He woke up late and hit traffic , it was 8:50 when he got to the gate . He had to wait in a very long line and he was sure to miss his flight . Just then , they announced that the plane to LOCATION was delayed . PERSON got lucky and felt relief because he had time to make his flight !	The PERSON family was traveling to LOCATION for Christmas . Their journey required two plane transfers . Once they finally arrived in LOCATION they realized their bags were gone . During one of the transfers the luggage had gotten lost . The family bought local clothes and had a very different Christmas .	A man named PERSON once wanted to go abroad . He looked online to find some good deals . He discovered a cheap flight to LOCATION . He bought it and decided to go in two weeks . He flew there and liked it so much that he stayed forever .	I was flying stand-by home and I did n't get on my flight ! After I was told I was n't getting on I called my mom and told her . I had to wait a full day so I got a hotel room . On my way to the airport the next day I told my mom what I was doing . She wished me good luck and I got on my flight !	Kia was terrified of her first plane ride . As the plane took off she almost fainted . But then she glanced out the window in awe . She realized how beautiful everything was ! Kia decided plane rides were n't so bad after all .	PERSON was afraid of flying . PERSON 's sister invited her to attend her wedding in LOCATION . PERSON decided her sister was worth facing her paralyzing fear . PERSON 's hands trembled as she boarded the plane . PERSON 's flight was peaceful all the way to the airport in LOCATION !	PERSON was terrified to fly . She trembled as she boarded the plane . She closed her eyes during liftoff . But then she opened her eyes and looked around . She saw that flying was n't so bad , after all !	The man boarded a flight . He was seated next to a woman . He talked to the woman . They got along . He had a date with her at the destination .
working out	My body was getting very out of shape . I had to start a workout routine . I woke up every day and jogged and did sit ups . I kept this up for weeks and increased the difficulty . After weeks , I began to feel really great .	PERSON worked out a lot . He worked out almost every day . He wanted to get very strong . He worked diligently towards achieving his goal . Now he is one of the strongest people around .	PERSON needed a workout partner . PERSON asked PERSON to start working out with him . PERSON would go everyday to the gym with PERSON . Now PERSON is very muscular . PERSON still looks the same .	The couple worked out . The woman felt dizzy . The man sat down with her . The woman felt sick . The woman threw up on the man .	PERSON and rick love working out . They decided to go to a new gym . The gym stated that they ca n't work out unless they pay a one time fee . They paid it together . They worked out happily .	PERSON was working out his back . He had a good workout . The next day , his back started hurting . He decided to stop working out for a while . He needed to let it heal .	PERSON joined a gym to get in shape . She went to her first workout in a new outfit . When she used the thigh machine , PERSON split her yoga pants . PERSON asked the attendant for a towel . She wrapped the towel around her waist and fled the room .	I saw myself in the mirror after getting out of the shower . There was a lot more flab around my waist than I remembered . I immediately put on my workout clothes . I drove to the gym . I began a new workout regimen to lose some weight .	PERSON was never one for the gym . He was always worried about what he would look like going in there . One day he decided to go for it . It was a great life change for PERSON . He started looking better and feeling better , all thanks to the gym .
the big test	PERSON had a big math test on Tuesday . She needed a grade of at least a B to pass the class . PERSON got tutoring help from PERSON and studied every night to prepare . On the day of the test , PERSON was nervous . Her hard work paid off and she got a B + on the test .	PERSON had a very important test to take the next morning . She normally prepared well for tests , but this time she forgot . She spent all night long cramming material that would be on the exam . When PERSON got to class the next morning , no one was there . She had forgotten the right day of the exam and studied for nothing !	PERSON had a big test of Friday . She put off studying all week long . She stayed up all night Thursday trying to cram for the test . She went to take the test knowing everything she needed to know . She fell asleep during the test and failed anyway .	PERSON had a big test coming up . He was really nervous about it . He was too nervous to properly study . Instead he would just worry and surf the internet . PERSON wound up failing the test .	PERSON had to take a very important spelling test . She stayed up late the night before studying the words . When she sat down in class , she was very nervous . PERSON did her very best . The next day , she found out she got an A + .	PERSON studied for his math test all night . He was sure he would do well in it . Unfortunately he studied the wrong chapter . PERSON did terribly on the test . His teacher told him to pay more attention next time .	PERSON has a big test this Friday . He is very nervous . He is studying every day in preparation . He has made over fifty flash cards ! PERSON is confident that he will pass .	PERSON was nervous about his science test at school the next day . He stayed up all night and studied very hard . He woke up late the next day and did n't have time to eat . He raced to school and sat down nervously . All the studying paid off and PERSON aced his test .	PERSON was sure that he could not pass the upcoming test . He was so sure that he decided the was going to cheat and pass . When his teacher was not looking he got the answer sheet from her desk . PERSON wrote all the answers down and took the test that week . His teacher knew he cheated so she changed the test and he failed .
poor PERSON	PERSON went to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION in a Megabus . When he arrived , he checked his bank account . To his shock , he only had 50 dollars . PERSON slept in the bus station that evening . He went out begging on the streets the next day to make some cash .	PERSON loved eating Pastrami at the deli . He ate from the same place everyday for decades . One day PERSON suffered a heart attack . His doctor told him his diet had to change . Al no long visits his beloved deli .	PERSON had been turking for the last 6 months . He was making roughly 60 dollars a day . One day , his computer crashed , and he could no longer turk . PERSON laid in bed dejected , and wondered how he would make money . PERSON started panhandling on the streets like a bum .	PERSON was moving to LOCATION for her company . Once she arrived , she saw people eating guinea pigs . PERSON decided to try some herself , and liked the taste . The next morning , PERSON awoke feeling awful . It turns out that PERSON had contracted a virus and had to return to LOCATION .	PERSON met the man of her dreams in a LOCATION bar . They soon moved in together . The man wanted to be a musician . She worked while he formed a band and played gigs . When he became famous , he moved out and left her behind .	PERSON did n't like being told what to do . Her mother told her to clean her room . PERSON refused , and went outside to play with her friends . When she returned at dusk , there was candy and roast lamb to eat . Her mother forbid her to have any though , and sent her to her room .	PERSON liked hanging out with his friends at night . One night , a friend brought a hot girl over . PERSON had met her once before and kind of liked her . Unfortunately , PERSON 's girlfriend noticed and yelled at him . She was n't ever invited over again .	PERSON did n't like his new neighbor , PERSON . Every night he could hear PERSON fighting with his wife . One night , a loud slap broke the quiet . PERSON picked up the phone to call the police . The police came to arrest PERSON for domestic violence .	PERSON went surfing one morning in LOCATION . He caught a huge wave . PERSON rode it for a long time . Then PERSON lost his footing and fell . He hit his head on a coral and died .
wrong number	PERSON was waiting for a call all day . Finally the phone rang . It turned out to be a wrong number . PERSON was disappointed but kept waiting for the call . Eventually PERSON got the call he was waiting for .	I got a call from an unknown phone number . The man on the other end said he had an exciting deal for me . Clearly it was a phone scam so I decided to mess with him . I recited a few poem to him and asked him how they made him feel . The man got frustrated but I could tell he enjoyed the poems .	PERSON was at a bar . He was talking to a beautiful woman all night . Finally it was time to go . She gave him her number . When he called the number later it was disconnected .	I heard my mother cell phone ringing in the kitchen . Since she was in the shower , I took it upon myself to answer it . Someone on the other end of the line demanded to speak with PERSON . I told the person no one by that name lived at this address . They apologized for the mistake and hung up , rather rudely on me .	PERSON met a girl at a bar . They talked for a while and he got her number . PERSON was nervous about calling her . When he finally did it turned out to be a wrong number . PERSON felt crushed .	PERSON was trying to order a pizza . He called it in for pick up . When he went to pick it up they did n't have it for him . PERSON realized he called the wrong number . He made the order at a further away location .	PERSON was hitting on a girl at the bar . He asked her for her number . She gave it to him . The next day john called to be disappointed . She gave him a wrong number .	The phone rang and I answered it . It was a woman who called the wrong number . We spoke for hours anyway . It was such a good conversation we exchanged numbers to talk again . That 's how I met your mother .	PERSON sent out a romantic text to his girlfriend . He received a response from several friends . He had accidentally sent a mass text . Several people read his private thoughts . PERSON was embarrassed .
the thief	PERSON was sitting at a bar with her friends and put her phone down . All of a sudden , she looked down and her phone was n't there . She questioned the guys next to her and they promptly got up and left . She called the police but they took their time getting to the bar . PERSON never got her phone back .	PERSON stepped out of the store after a Day of shopping . As she was walking a thief came and stole her bag . She was upset and decided to report it to the police . After a few days she received a call from the police . They found the thief and PERSON got her bag back !	PERSON really wanted a new bike . He saw one in a garage and took it . The homeowner caught him . PERSON was arrested . PERSON was now known as a thief !	PERSON was a very poor boy in LOCATION . When he was fourteen he stole a loaf of bread from a baker . PERSON got caught running away . When he appeared before the judge he pleaded for mercy . PERSON was sentenced to five years of service to the baker .	PERSON has a habit of taking items that do n't belong to him . Last night he stole a trailer from PERSON 's yard . PERSON has a camera in his yard and caught PERSON on tape . The cops were called and took PERSON to jail . PERSON is now sitting in a cell thinking about his actions .	PERSON hired a new maid . She cleaned well for the first few days . Then , he noticed his jewelry was missing ! He hid a camera in his bedroom . The next day , he caught the maid stealing from him on tape .	PERSON decided to steal a police car . He stole a 1997 Ford police cruiser . Unfortunately , there was a GPS tracking device in the car . The police promptly found PERSON and arrested him . PERSON went to prison for three years .	A world renowned jewel thief had his eye on a new piece . The piece was put under the best security in the world . On his attempt to steal the piece a janitor walked by and saw him . After convincing the janitor to work with him the two stole the piece . After selling the piece the janitor turned the thief in and ran away .	PERSON loved to paint near her bedroom window . She always left her paintbrushes in a cup on the window ledge . One day , PERSON finds that someone has taken her paintbrush . She searches all over the house in hopes of finding it . When PERSON looks under the bed , she sees her cat with the paintbrush !
gossip	PERSON was sleeping over at her friend PERSON 's After watching two movies they took a break . They went to the backyard and sat on the swings . The sun had set and it was almost dark . They sat and gossiped about school , and boys in the cool , fall air .	While waiting for food there were two girls gossiping about people . They were talking very loudly so I heard some of their conversation . I ended up listening more than I meant to . I noticed that they were actually talking about a friend of mine . I called my friend and told her what they were saying later that day !	PERSON likes to gossip about PERSON . PERSON talk about PERSON . It 's a horrible situation . I told the both of them to work it out ! Now we are all the best of friends .	PERSON gossiped about her co-worker . Her co-worker heard what she was saying . He talked to her boss about it . Her boss filed a formal complaint on her behalf . PERSON was forbidden to talk about her co-worker .	PERSON 's crush PERSON had broken his leg . When he returned to school PERSON said bad things about him . Another kid told PERSON what PERSON had said . PERSON was not pleased . The gossip had caused a rift between the boys .	PERSON 's mom was mad at him . She would not speak to him . One day she had some good gossip to share . She finally called to tell him . He would not answer the phone .	June loved to make up stories about people . She knew it was wrong . She also knew it could hurt people 's feelings . One day she got called into the principal 's office . June received detention for spreading gossip at school .	Everyone was laughing at PERSON today . He asked some people if anyone knew the reason behind it . He was told that everyone knows that he sleeps naked . Although it was untrue , we went to his friend who only knew about that . His friend admitted that he shared the information .	I overheard a couple of coworkers talking about me . They said mostly nice things . It was a pleasant surprise I look forward to working with them again soon . I will be just as friendly in return .
karate	PERSON was bullied in school . She joined a Karate team . She focused hard and moved quickly through the belts ! Eventually she earned her black belt . PERSON is no longer bullied .	PERSON wanted to learn karate . She signed up for lessons . At first , the class was difficult and confusing . But PERSON kept practicing and did n't give up . Soon , she was the best student in the class !	PERSON always wanted to learn karate . He decided to enroll in his local dojo for some lessons . His first lessons were slow-paced . But he enjoyed every moment of it . After a few years , he managed to acquire a black belt !	PERSON took a class in karate . One day walking home from work , a man stopped her . He told her to give him all her valuables . PERSON gave him a hard kick in the groin . The man kneeled over in pain and PERSON ran away .	PERSON signed up for karate lessons . At first she was very weak . But she practiced often and got stronger . Soon she was doing very well in the class . PERSON 's teacher said she was his star pupil !	PERSON was taking karate lesson for self defense . He lived in a bad neighborhood and wanted the tools to defend himself . When he finished his first class , he felt empowered . He walked back home and got ambushed . It did n't take long for him to run away and go to more classes .	PERSON was nine and wanted to learn karate . Her mom was n't so sure . She said PERSON might be the only girl in the whole class ! But when they went to sign up , they got a surprise . Almost half the class was female !	PERSON was a small boy and was picked on constantly . He wanted to learn to defend himself so enrolled in karate classes . PERSON was a very diligent student and trained very hard . One day a bully came up to PERSON and started picking on him . PERSON used his karate skills to defend himself and was n't bullied again .	PERSON was practicing Karate . He liked the moves and the idea of being powerful . He tried to kick his opponent . But missed completely and fell onto his back . PERSON decided to take up knitting after that .
business	PERSON is a homemaker . She wants to earn money . One day , she decided to join a pyramid scheme . This was a bad idea . PERSON still is n't making money .	PERSON lost his job . He decided to start a business . He made signs . His first sign was for an elementary school . He found another job a few months later .	PERSON wanted to start a company . He started a tech company in his garage . He would work everyday for 12 hours . He came up with his first product in 6 months . Everyone loved the product , and now PERSON is rich .	PERSON wanted to go into business for himself . He started a Christmas tree farm . He was nervous about having such a seasonal business . He planted and nurtured and marketed those trees . That winter PERSON made one hundred thousand dollars !	I moved to LOCATION to work for my friend 's business . She told me it would be a great opportunity . When I arrived , I was very enthusiastic . As time went by , I realized nobody knew what they were doing . I ended up quitting .	PERSON ran his own business . It was very successful . He offered the business for sale . There were many interested parties . PERSON made one million dollars in the sale .	PERSON wants to start a new business . He has been sketching ideas on how to start one . He decided to do an online business that sells stickers . He bought a hostname and somehow , it has been getting popular . He is very happy about the outcome .	I decided to start my own business . I started making jewel encrusted pacifiers . Some of the customers thought they were unsafe . I explained they were to be monitored , obviously . Many customers were very happy when seeing the product .	PERSON wanted to start a business . His wife paid the bills . PERSON quit his job . He worked very hard . Now he is one of the richest men in the world .
the drive	PERSON was driving to work after a big snowstorm . Suddenly , she slid on ice . The car stopped right before hitting a tree . PERSON slid three more times on the way to work . She decided she was going to buy a new car that was better in snow .	PERSON a depressed man who enjoyed to drive around every day . He would often drive too far away places just for the sake of driving . One day while driving he was pulled over by the police for speeding . They arrested him because they found out he was an illegal alien . They deported him to LOCATION where he is now more depressed than ever .	PERSON was driving home from work . She absentmindedly looked out her window . She saw her coworker driving next to her . PERSON honked her horn to catch her coworker 's attention . PERSON 's coworker noticed her and waved happily .	Today I went to pick up my son from daycare during a blizzard . My drive there was very interesting and a little scary . The snow had made the roads very hard to drive on . I was late picking up my son . I had to pay a thirty dollar fee for being late .	PERSON was driving across the LOCATION LOCATION . Somewhere in the midwest , PERSON realized he was lost . PERSON tried his phone for help but was still quite lost . PERSON stopped at a gas station to ask for help . PERSON got a cool drink , some directions , and hit the road again !	PERSON was very eager to get her driver 's license . She practiced driving for months with her mom . The day of her test , she drove well , but had trouble parallel parking . She was very upset to find she failed the test . She practiced more and passed it a week later on her second try !	PERSON walked up to the tee box . It was his turn to hit the ball . He approached the ball and set up . He let loose an almighty swing . He drove the ball perfect , right down the fairway .	PERSON was going to make a trip to town . She went out to her car and turned the key to start it . When the key turned , nothing happened but a small click . PERSON opened the hood , and fixed the loose wire she found there . Her repairs made , she was able to make her trip successfully .	PERSON 's dad was driving her to school out of state . They were 4 hours into a 9 hour drive and she was bored . Her dad insisted on listening to his music loudly . PERSON could n't hear her music because his was so loud . PERSON stared out the window dreading the last 5 hours .
too much	PERSON loved the holidays and loved to bake . She spent many hours making homemade baked goods for her friends . She made several types of cookies and peppermint fudge . Of course , she had to taste test each one and kept leftovers to eat . By the end of December , PERSON had gained 10 extra pounds .	PERSON always overdid things . So when he was at a buffet , he got too much food . He put sausage , ham , chicken , bacon , eggs , and waffles on his plate . But he quickly realized he could n't finish it all . PERSON stayed at the buffet for another hour to finish most of it .	PERSON went shopping with a friend . Her eye caught a nice handbag . But unfortunately it was too expensive . PERSON could not afford it . She had to leave empty handed .	PERSON rubbed his eyes . He looked over at PERSON who had n't blinked in five minutes . He gave her a warning about too much video games . She shrugged and continued playing . Finally , exasperated , PERSON grabbed the controller from her hand .	PERSON was eating a muffin . But it was n't tasty enough . So he put tons of butter and jam on it . But afterwards , he felt sick . PERSON decided to use butter and jam more conservatively from then on .	My daughter likes to work out with me when I do exercises . After I do an exercise she will try to mimic it . When I do military presses with dumbbells she also tries . But she can not even lift them off the floor . This always makes me feel very strong for some reason .	Rita really wanted this beautiful dress in the store . When she saw it it looked beautiful . She looked at the price tag . It was a thousand dollars . PERSON could not afford that and she walked out .	PERSON 's family was getting ice cream . He was not that hungry . He told the lady at the counter he only wanted a small scoop . She gave him a tall , heaping scoop . He walked over to the trash and scooped part of it in .	Cal ate too much for supper . His stomach was feeling sort of sour . He drank a white carbonated beverage . After a little while his stomach felt better . Cal resolved not to eat so much from now on .
swimming	I had a girlfriend who was very petite and skinny . I did not think she was athletic at all . One day we went to the swimming pool together . She could swim twice as fast as me . This was a good lesson in not judging people by their appearance .	PERSON loved to swim . He swam almost every day but he was n't fast . PERSON decided to practice every day . He swum from the morning to the night . Now , PERSON is a very fast swimmer .	PERSON loved to do swimming every single day . He worked very hard and was able to become a very fast swimmer . One day , he was called by the Olympic team to be put in the LOCATION team . He graciously accepted and worked hard to get the gold medal . In the Olympics , PERSON was able to get the gold medal .	PERSON wanted to learn how to swim . PERSON struggled in learning how to swim . PERSON went to a different swimming instructor . The instructor gave more specific advice on swimming . John finally learned how to swim .	PERSON wanted to learn to swim . He was at his friend 's house and they wanted to go swimming . His friend asked his mom if they could go swimming . The boys jumped into the pool . PERSON quickly realized that he could swim .	PERSON had never been able to swim very well . As a child , he had been traumatized by almost drowning in a lake . Since then , he 's avoided the water . He finally asked his wife to teach him how to swim in their pool . Unfortunately , he almost drowned .	There was an old swimming hole by the PERSON 's farm . PERSON went over to take a dip . He jumped in and yelled cannonball . He had a wonderful time . PERSON left and went back home , reveling in the swimming fun he had had .	PERSON went swimming in the ocean . While swimming her side started to hurt . She realized she was having a cramp . She realized she had eaten not long before . Luckily , she made it back to shore safely .	The pool was open yesterday , to PERSON 's excitement . PERSON wanted to go swimming . She asked a friend to go with her . PERSON and her friend went to the pool to enjoy the water . They swam until the pool closed , and went home exhausted .
new game	I was very excited about a new game coming out . It was going to be out in a few weeks so I was very excited . I nearly could n't wait for the game ! After school I picked it up right away from the store . I really enjoyed playing it and was so satisfied .	PERSON 's soccer team was tied with opposing team last game . As a result , the teams were forced to play again . This time PERSON 's team won . They each got gold trophies . PERSON and her team cheered .	A boy received a new game from his parents . He sat down to play it immediately . It was totally immersive and he spent many hours on it . In fact , he missed some work shifts because of it and was fired . The boy stopped playing games entirely after that incident .	PERSON wanted to buy a brand new video game . He did n't have enough money to buy it , though . He spent the next month collecting cans . He turned the cans in for cash . He went out and bought the game .	PERSON was excited for a new game coming out . He made sure to pre-order it . The game was terrible . PERSON was severely disappointed . He never pre ordered another game again .	PERSON loved playing solitaire . She played everyday . She always won . Yet today when she tried playing , she could n't win . PERSON started a new game .	PERSON invited his friends over to play a new board game . Nobody had played this game before except PERSON . PERSON won all night . His friends were upset so they went home . PERSON realized he should have chosen a game that was fun for everyone .	PERSON wanted to create a video game . He took a course to learn computer languages and coding . He used his knowledge to write a video game app . He sold the app . He made lots of money and was happy .	I started a new video game . I created five characters . After a few battles , I started the game over . This time I created better characters , I thought . I lost the first battle .
earrings	PERSON noticed her daughter was n't wearing her earrings . She asked her daughter where the earrings were . PERSON 's young daughter told her she ate the earring . PERSON brought her daughter to the ER . X-rays confirmed the earring 's location and they eventually passed .	The earrings were beautiful . She removed them gently from the package . She admired the sparkle of the gem stones . They seemed to bounce sunlight . She thanked her mother profusely for the gift .	PERSON wanted to buy a new pair of earrings . She lost her old pair while swimming at the beach . She browsed through a jewelry catalog for different options . She found a pair of gold hoop earrings . PERSON placed the order for the gold hoop earrings .	I wore my favorite earrings to a coworker 's funeral last week . Her remains looked so peaceful in her white and gold coffin . The pendant she wore was crooked so I tried to adjust it I bent down and one of favorite earrings fell in with her . People tried to console me as I felt around under her for my earring .	PERSON bought some earrings . She put them in her ear . Then her ears started to become painful . She realized she got an ear infection . She took out the earrings .	PERSON wanted to look her best for her high school prom . She thought about what she should wear . She decided she wanted earrings . She asked her mom to buy them for her . Her mother bought her the earrings and made her daughter very happy .	PERSON was very excited to get her ears pierced . On her birthday her mom took her . It really hurt . She picked out some really pretty earrings . She felt a lot better .	PERSON had a favorite pair of earrings that she wore everyday . She always put them in her jewelry box after work . One morning , she could opened the box to find a new pair . Her husband had replaced her favorite earrings . Even though diamonds , PERSON asked for her other earrings back .	PERSON wanted to look her best for her high school prom . She went shopping for jewelry . She found a nice pair of earrings . She wore them for prom . She looked beautiful wearing the earrings .
new jeans	PERSON needed new jeans for school . She hated going shopping . Her mom finally convinced her to go . They got to the mall and PERSON found the perfect jeans . She was excited to wear them to school .	PERSON wanted some new jeans . He did not have a lot of money . He found some cheap ones for 10 dollars . However , they faded easily in the wash . He finally just bought a 30 dollar pair and the lasted a long time .	Yesterday I ended up ripping my jeans . As a result I decided I needed a new pair . I went over to the mall to try on some . The first pair I tried fit perfectly . I was happy with the result .	PERSON bought new jeans . She had lost weight . She wore them out with friends . PERSON got several compliments . She wore them again often .	PERSON ruined her favorite jeans with bleach . Her grandma hated to see her crying . She purchased another pair of jeans to replace the one ruined . The jeans were n't the same brand , and did n't fit the same . PERSON was happy even though they did n't replace the ruined ones .	PERSON needed a new pair of jeans . He decided to go shopping . While at the mall , he found new shoes too . PERSON knew he needed jeans more but wanted the shoes . PERSON decided to stick to his budget and buy jeans .	PERSON really needed a new pair of jeans . Her current jeans were falling apart . When she got them , she tried them on . They fit perfectly . PERSON wanted to buy more .	Everyone kept saying PERSON looked slimmer , but she did n't see it . She had no scale , either , so she could not be sure . Then , at a discount store , she happened to see a cute pair of jeans . They were 2 sizes smaller than her usual , but she bought them anyways . And they fit her - which was when PERSON knew everyone had been right !	PERSON loves jeans . He could never find a nice pair though . He had been doing research forever and finally found some . Everything seemed perfect so he ordered them . When they came in it was like magic , the perfect pair of denim jeans .
snoring	A new roommate moved into my apartment . He was one of the nicest people I have ever met . Unfortunately , he snored so loudly that I could not sleep . I finally confronted him about his snoring . He was so nice that he bought me earplugs to wear at night .	PERSON snored when he slept . His wife would wake up every night . They were both sleepy during the day . He went to the doctor and got a mask when he slept . Now they both feel much better .	PERSON 's husband snores at night so much that she ca n't sleep . PERSON tried everything to get him to stop . Nothing she did seemed to help with the noise . PERSON moved out into the living room on the couch at night . PERSON now sleeps soundly at night and gets a good sleep .	He was snoring in my ear . I tried to wake him up . It did n't work at rousing him . I rolled him onto his side . He finally stopped snoring .	PERSON has a dog . Her dog snores . The snoring sounds like a human . It shakes the bed . It rattles the room .	PERSON snored in his sleep . His wife could n't sleep because of his snoring . PERSON decided to ask his doctor for suggestions . His doctor gave him some medication . PERSON stopped snoring but unfortunately became very gassy in bed .	My husband told me I snore too much . I tried everything to stop . I changed positions when he woke me up . I started using a nose guard . I continued to snore like a freight train .	She snored loudly , much to her embarrassment . He often woke her up to tell her . Annoyed , she would grumble and roll over . She hated being woken up . Eventually she would stop snoring .	The dog was asleep in bed . She started snoring . Her owner kicked her off . The dog cried . The dog went downstairs .
gas	The man ran out of gas . He tried to call for help . His phone would not work . He walked ten miles . He found a gas station .	PERSON bought a new vehicle . He did not know which type of gas to buy for his vehicle . He wanted the best performance . He asked a mechanic if 91 or 95 was better . He learned 95 is best and only used that type for his car .	PERSON and her friends were on a road trip . After two hours the driver stopped for a break . PERSON felt it was too early for a stop . But she decided it would be better to hold her tongue . She simply wanted everyone to get along .	PERSON was on his way to work . He saw he needed gas . So PERSON stopped at a gas station to get gas . He filled up his tank . Then he drove off to work .	PERSON 's mom called her one morning , very early . Sheepishly she asked for PERSON 's help . She had run out of gas on her way to work ! PERSON laughed it off and hurried to get her gas can . Then she went to bring her mom a few gallons of gas .	My car ran out of gas . I stopped at a gas station . I got out of the car . I picked the fuel I needed . I pumped the gas for my car .	PERSON was driving home one afternoon . Suddenly her car sputtered to a stop . PERSON remembered that she had forgotten to stop for gas ! Her car 's gas tank was bone dry . PERSON had to walk four miles with a gas can to get more gas .	PERSON slid into his car and turned the key in the ignition . Half-way down the driveway , his car stopped . He was out of gas . Looking around the garage , he spied the lawn mower gas container . He put some gas into the tank of his car and went to work .	The gas light came on in my car . I tried to get over the bridge quickly . I pulled off the interstate . I finally found a gas station . I pulled in and filled up , relieved .
perfume	PERSON went shopping for perfume one day . She sniffed all the vials at the department store . Then she bought her favorite . But when she got home , she cringed . She had accidentally purchased men 's cologne !	I met a smart , beautiful and intriguing young woman at the library . She was wearing the most exquisite and sensuous perfume . I ca n't get her and the scent out of my head . Yesterday , to my delight , I smelled the scent again . Unfortunately , it was at the mall , and someone had sprayed it at me .	PERSON came home from work and greeted his wife . He gave her a kiss on the check and noticed something different . An unfamiliar aroma reached his nose . He asked his wife if she had a new perfume on . PERSON 's wife was surprised he noticed .	PERSON went to a gallery to see an art exhibit . While admiring the paintings , she was overpowered by a strong scent . She saw a woman nearby who reeked of the perfume . The smell was so strong it made PERSON feel queasy . PERSON had to leave because the smell infiltrated the whole place .	I put perfume on this morning . It smelled very strong . When I got to school people were coughing . My teacher said go wash it off . I had to scrub my neck in the bathroom .	PERSON 's mother 's birthday was coming up . PERSON wanted to surprise her with a gift she would like . He noticed she was running out of her favorite perfume . He surprised her by giving her the gift of her favorite perfume . His mother was pleasantly surprised and very happy with her gift .	PERSON was browsing through magazines . She saw an ad for a new perfume . She tried the sample in the magazine . The sample gave her an allergic reaction . PERSON was more careful about trying random perfumes .	I decided to buy perfume for my girlfriend . However , her favorite perfume was way too expensive . I decided to make my own perfume to give to her . I mixed peaches , watermelon and cherries in a bowl . I finally realized that this would make a better fruit salad .	PERSON got fifty dollars for her birthday . She decided she wanted to buy a new perfume with the money . She went to the mall to purchase a bottle . At home , she tried the perfume and got a rash . PERSON was sad to have wasted her money .
car accident	My friend PERSON witnessed a car accident . He rushed over to the crashed car . A woman inside was overdosing on drugs . A paramedic at the scene revived the woman and shipped her off . My friend said he 's a little traumatized about the event .	Driving home one day , I noticed the traffic was worse than usual . After about 45 minutes of not moving at all , I finally saw it . There were lights surrounding a car on the side of the highway . A police officer was helping a woman change her tire . All that traffic was just to watch somebody change a tire !	PERSON went to town in his car like normal . Not paying attention he ran a red light . He ended up hitting another car . It was not a fatal accident . PERSON is a better driver now days	We were sitting in the house playing games as a family . We heard a loud noise , but did n't think too much about it . Later in the evening we went outside to find the car window smashed . We called the police to file an incident report . Later , we found out the neighbor had hit the car while backing up .	PERSON was in a car accident last week . He told me he did n't get hurt at all . His car had a lot of damage . He said the insurance was going to get him a new one . Today he drove up in his shiny new car .	PERSON was crossing the street when a car swerved right . It hit her in the chest . She felt down on the pavement , completely dazed . And when the paramedics asked her her name , she did n't remember . It took her a whole month before she could remember anything .	PERSON and PERSON received remote control cars for Christmas . PERSON and PERSON 's friends had received ride on jeeps for Christmas . PERSON decided to race their remote control cars against the big jeeps . One of the big jeeps accidentally smashed PERSON 's car . Because it was PERSON 's idea , he gave PERSON his car .	PERSON was stuck in traffic for a long time . She was on the highway and getting kind of irritated . Finally she saw there was a car accident . That explained why the traffic was so heavy . Once PERSON bypassed it , she was in her way .	PERSON got in a car accident and ruined the front of her car . She brought it into the shop . She had to get a loaner car because her car will take a week to fix . PERSON was nervous because she did n't want to get in another accident . She started driving again and started to feel better .
eggs	PERSON made scrambled eggs for breakfast . First , she cracked the eggs into a cup . Then , she mixed the eggs with salt and pepper . She fried them carefully in a pan . They eggs were fluffy and perfect .	PERSON decided to get more protein . He decided he would eat raw eggs . Swallowing them whole was gross ! But he began mixing them in his milkshakes . That was yummy and very palatable !	Our chickens lay eggs . They like to find a secret nesting place . Sometimes they all lay in the same place . They change their nesting place from time to time . It seems as though they like to make us hunt for their eggs !	The man scrambled some eggs . He accidentally knocked the pan . The eggs flew everywhere . His dog came and ate the eggs . The eggs gave the dogs bad gas .	I wanted to make cool boy eggs for easter . My son went with me to pick them out . We could n't find any we liked . We decided to boil eggs and crack them before dying . They then looked like dinosaur eggs .	PERSON was working on building muscles . He read that raw eggs would help him a lot . He tried to swallow one , but it was disgusting ! Instead , he mixed one in his daily protein shake . PERSON found that that made the eggs much easier to swallow !	PERSON wanted some eggs for breakfast ! We did n't have any eggs in the house so she was upset . I offered to go buy some but she told me I 'd buy the wrong ones . So I drove PERSON to the store so she could buy her eggs . PERSON came home and enjoyed eggs for breakfast !	PERSON was a healthy man . He did not want to eat carbohydrates . He did not want to eat sugar . He decided to eat eggs daily . He satisfied both is diet requirements and hunger .	PERSON was setting up an Easter Egg hunt . She had to hide 200 eggs ! It was exhausting coming up with so many hiding spots . But during the hunt , all of PERSON 's eggs were found . The kids complimented her on her creative hiding spots !
fall	PERSON hated that summer was over . Then she got a whiff of the brisk fall air . It conjured up memories of Autumn fun - and Halloween ! PERSON decided she was n't upset after all . Actually , she could n't wait for fall !	I lived in LOCATION . The summer was brutally hot ! Luckily , fall was just around the corner . The fall this year was cool and crisp with beautiful colors . I realized that fall was my favorite season .	PERSON was mountain climbing . He reached up to drive his pick into the rock wall . But his hand slipped , and he dangled from one carabiner ! Quickly he regained his grip on the wall . There he clung , panting , until he had calmed down .	PERSON was riding his bike one day . Suddenly he tripped over a rock . He fell off his bike . PERSON landed in the mud and fell hard . He ended up scratching his hands and face badly .	Pearl loved the change of seasons . Fall was her favorite ! She loved to stomp in the leaves . She also loved cozy nights and cool days . Pearl could n't wait for October !	I was in a rehab facility in 2011 , suffering from a stroke . One of my roommates was a 90 year old man . He kept wanting to walk around . One night he got up while nobody was around and fell . The rehab staff put a watch on him after that ,	PERSON had just removed the training wheels from his bike . He set off wobbly on two wheels . Then he crashed and toppled over ! PERSON wanted to cry , but he decided to be a big boy . He got right back on his bike and pedaled off !	I walk with a cane due to a stroke . In 2013 we went to visit my son 's new apartment . It had hardwood floors . My cane hit a rug and slipped , causing me to fall . Luckily I was not hurt .	Summer was coming to an end and Fall was coming . PERSON was devastated at the thought . Then she got her first whiff of autumn breeze . She remembered pumpkins , hoodies , and leaves changing color ! Suddenly , PERSON could n't wait for fall !
tea time	PERSON invited PERSON to her house for tea . PERSON went to PERSON 's house and brought some cookies . PERSON tasted one and said that it was disgusting . PERSON told PERSON that her tea was disgusting . PERSON made PERSON leave her house .	PERSON drank tea quite often during the week at work . Her coworker PERSON had wanted to quit drinking coffee . He told PERSON he did not have any tea . PERSON told her he was going to get another cup of coffee . PERSON gave him some tea to drink instead .	PERSON spilt his tea on his pants during a business meeting . It looked like he peed his pants . PERSON tried to give his presentation seated but the boss would n't allow . When he got up the boss demanded to know if he peed himself . PERSON was so flustered that he had a hard time denying it .	PERSON decided he wanted to make tea . First , he set the kettle on to boil . Then , he poured the water over the tea bag to steep . Once the tea was done , he took a sip . It was perfect .	PERSON and her friends got together yesterday for tea time . The girls tasted lemon tea and ate tiny desserts that were delicious . The girls then shared many gossip stories about their lives . The highlight of the day was when LOCATION 's boyfriend came to say hello . The girls had so much fun at the end .	Sneha always had tea with her lunch . It became a part of her daily routine . There was a day when Sneha forgot to bring tea to work . The water tasted bitter and her lunch was ruined . Sneha devised a notification system on her phone to prevent such days .	PERSON poured himself a cup of tea . The tea was too hot for him to drink . He blew on it and added some ice cubes . The tea rapidly cooled to his liking . PERSON drank the cup in one gulp .	PERSON decided to go out to her favorite tea house for lunch . She got there and ordered a pot of tea and cucumber sandwiches . She drank her tea and ate her food , enjoying the people around her . She paid for her food and left and went home . PERSON decided to make this a new once a week tradition .	When I got home from work tonight I made a mug of tea . I then sat down at my computer to do some research . One thing led to another and I had forgotten all about my tea . I only remembered when I knocked the mug over and ruined my keyboard . Now I put my tea on the table next to the computer .
new boots	PERSON walked down the street and stopped at a random driveway . Someone was throwing away a lot of old junk . PERSON looked through the junk and found some old boots . He tried on the boots and they happened to fit . PERSON wore the boots all the way home .	PERSON wanted new cowboy boots . He had not bought a pair in years . He found the pair he wanted . He decided to buy them . When he checked out , they were on sale and he was happy .	PERSON worked at the ranch . He bought a new pair of boots . They were stiff and needed to be broken in . It took PERSON several days to properly break them in . After that they fit incredibly well on him .	PERSON was going camping this weekend . He needed a new pair of boots . He went to the mall to shop for a new pair of boots . He saw a pair of waterproof boots that he really liked . He was able to buy them for 50 % off the retail value .	PERSON wanted a pair of boots . He already had a few pairs . He decided to treat himself to another . He was excited when he found a sale . PERSON bought his boots and wore them the next day .	Adam needed new boots . It was winter and it was starting to snow . PERSON went to several stores and could not find any boots he liked . The boots at the stores were either not his size , of the wrong color . PERSON decided to go to one last store and found the perfect pair !	It was raining outside and PERSON needed some new boots . She drove over to the Burberry store to buy some . She picked up the first ones she saw . She ended up loving them . Thankfully they worked great .	PERSON was growing so quickly he needed new boots already . His mother gathered him up and headed to the store . When they arrived they found many choices . PERSON picked out a pair with firetrucks on the front . They paid at the register and left with the snazzy new boots .	PERSON found a pair of boots she absolutely loved . Although they were expensive , she bought them . When she got them home , she decided to put them on . She slid her foot in and felt something strange . She found a baby snake inside the boot .
lunch break	Today 's lunch break was unique . The owner of the company was there eating . I had never seen him do that before . I even got a chance to speak with him . He told me I was getting a raise !	It was a lovely spring day . PERSON decided to leave his office on his lunch break . He took a walk outside . He felt great soaking up the sunlight . He never wanted to go back to the office !	Iving usually took his lunch to the office . He kept his lunch in the break room refrigerator . Someone kept stealing Irving 's lunch from the refrigerator . He decided to go out to eat instead of eating lunch at the office . By dining out at lunch , PERSON ended up eating more and gained weight .	Eddie was having a busy day at work . He did n't realize that he had n't taken lunch . Work started to slow down around two o'clock . Eddie noticed he was hungry . He finally took a break for lunch .	PERSON had forty five minutes to spare during his lunch break . He went across the street to the outdoors store and looked at canoes . A salesman came up to PERSON and told him the canoes were on sale . PERSON bought a canoe at fifty percent off . PERSON never expected to buy a canoe on his short lunch break !	PERSON had spent 4 hours enrolling in a new high school . She was hungry . The lady doing the enrollments announced a lunch break . PERSON was excited to get a break . Her joy turned sour when she realized she had no friends at lunch .	PERSON was on lunch with her class . A girl approached her table . The girl told PERSON all about the bully PERSON . She had also been bullied by PERSON . The girl was impressed PERSON stood up to the biggest bully at school .	PERSON came home from work for her lunch hour . When she got to the front door something smelled really good . She saw her husband cutting a fresh pot roast at the counter . He had decided to surprise her with a home cooked meal . PERSON enjoyed her lunch and went back to work .	PERSON and his father were driving to the campout . PERSON was anxious to get there as soon as possible . PERSON 's father decided to stop to get a snack . PERSON started crying and refused to get out of the car . PERSON 's father was frustrated with PERSON 's behavior .
cleaning	PERSON was helping his dad clean the basement . They found a bunch of old baseball cards . PERSON 's dad said PERSON could have the cards . PERSON went and researched all the players on the cards . He started watching more baseball with his dad .	PERSON wanted to have a clean house . He could not afford a maid . He decided to buy cleaning supplies . He cleaned his house himself . He was happy to be living in a very clean home .	PERSON decided she was going to keep her house cleaner . So , she dedicated a whole Saturday to cleaning every inch . She also tried hard to maintain the cleanliness during the week . After a month she decided it was too much work . PERSON decided hired a housecleaner .	PERSON was cleaning out her house . She had tons of unused clothes , trinkets , and other belongings . All the clutter was stored in multiple boxes . PERSON was n't sure what to do with everything . She decided she would donate them to charity .	Our granddaughter is coming to visit next week . She is only two , and lives far away . My wife was working so I decided to clean up . I vacuumed the carpet and picked up the living room . This was hard as I am disabled , but I was glad to clean up .	PERSON was sick in bed . His grandmother came over to take care of him . She brought PERSON soup in bed and read stories . PERSON loved having grandma over . PERSON asked his grandma to live with him always .	I decided I needed to do a good cleaning of my house . I first went to the store to buy cleaning supplies , a mop , and bucket . When I got home , I started cleaning the kitchen . Next I moved to the bathroom and living room . With that done , I took a break to admire the clean rooms !	Our 2 year old granddaughter is visiting us on April 2 . They are staying in our apartment . Today my wife took the day off to clean . She tidied up the guest bedroom . We are excited to see our granddaughter .	PERSON had a great job . PERSON made a lot of money . PERSON ' home was often a mess . PERSON strongly disliked cleaning . PERSON hired a maid to clean .
a trip to LOCATION	PERSON went to LOCATION . He asked the tour guide to show him the dragons . The tour guide told him that there are no such things as dragons . PERSON was really very disappointed . He asked for his money back , but the tour company refused .	My dad and I flew to LOCATION . We landed in LOCATION , LOCATION . We went to the world largest mall there . They even had an indoor waterpark . We had a great day .	The woman had been dreaming of going to LOCATION . She made careful plans and bought a ticket . She was so excited to see the famous sights . She took lots of photos and enjoyed every second of it . She hung photos from her trip all over her house .	PERSON was taking a trip to LOCATION . She was learning Japanese and trying lots of new foods . She felt ready for her new adventure . She landed in LOCATION and took it all in . It was so exciting !	PERSON and her husband were happy . They were finally getting a chance to go on a trip to LOCATION . They arrived and began seeing the sights . They were in LOCATION and having a wonderful time . They were so thrilled to finally be living their dreams .	PERSON always wanted to go to LOCATION . When she was twenty-five she bought herself a ticket . She saw all the famous landmarks . She loved LOCATION and Minos . But she found Lesbos to be disappointing .	PERSON had never been to LOCATION before . She was really loving the experience . Her sister had come along with her on the trip . They went all over LOCATION stopping in several different cities . PERSON would always remember her wonderful trip to LOCATION .	PERSON was beyond excited . He had just arrived in LOCATION . For years he had dreamed of this trip . He traveled all over the country . He was so happy on his trip to LOCATION .	PERSON and her family were ready for their big trip . They were going to be traveling to LOCATION for the first time . They went and saw the sights of great cities like LOCATION and LOCATION . PERSON was so happy about the trip . It was an incredible time and she got to experience it with her family .
newspaper	PERSON enjoyed reading the newspaper every day . One day when he expected the newspaper to arrive , it did not . He realized that the subscription for his newspaper had expired . PERSON quickly ran to the newspaper office and renewed his membership . PERSON was then able to read his newspaper with his coffee .	PERSON 's daily routine was to read the newspaper . He honestly looked forward to sitting in his chair with his coffee . One day , the paper was n't delivered and PERSON was very upset . Then , PERSON realized he could just read the news online on his phone . PERSON decided to cancel his newspaper subscription .	PERSON collected old newspapers . This proved to be a terrible choice for a collection . She was quickly overwhelmed by how many she had accumulated . She decided to only collect newspapers over 100 Years old . This limited her collection and made it more manageable and exclusive .	PERSON joined his newspaper school club . PERSON wrote several articles . John gained recognition . PERSON received an award in his graduation . PERSON also received job offers from real newspapers .	PERSON loved to read the newspaper . He read two or three every single day . One day , he could not find any newspapers in his home . He rushed to the store to buy newspaper . Once he bought some newspapers , PERSON was very happy .	Candy worked for the newspaper . She was editor of the classifieds . She had to sell ads to local businesses . As the began to sell , she started making new contacts . Candy loved her job and networking abilities .	I taught my dog a new trick . In the mornings he brings me my newspaper . Last week it was raining really hard . I tried to tell him to stay inside . But instead I had to deal with a soggy paper in bed .	Tiler was on his newspaper route , when it started raining . He quickly ran into the closest garage he could find . After a few minutes , it stopped raining . Tiler got back on his bike and resumed his route . He ended up finishing late because of the rain .	The newspaper was outside . My dad got home from work . He got out of his car . He picked the newspaper up . He took it inside the house .
fire alarm	The alarm bell rang in the firehouse . The firefighters quickly put on their coats , boots , and hats . The firefighters ran to the fire trucks . The big doors of the firehouse swung open . The fire trucks raced towards the fire .	Three weeks ago my wife and I had coffee on the bench . We spent a half hour sitting outside . As we went back , the doors closed because of a fire alarm . Many residents came outside and waited for the fire engines . There was a CO leak , and we did not get back in for an hour .	I was getting ready to leave my hotel room for the day . Suddenly the fire alarm went off . I left my room and headed to the stairs . The alarm stopped before I got outside . I was relieved that it was only a drill .	PERSON kept hearing a beeping sound in his apartment . Eventually he found out it was his fire alarm . It needed new batteries . The sound was annoying . PERSON replaced the batteries to make it stop .	Nya was in the restroom at school when the fire alarm went off . Panicked , Nya dropped her hairbrush and ran outside . She quickly found her friends and ensured their safety . Then she waited with her classmates while the police investigated . It turned out the fire alarm had gone off by mistake !	In 2008 our condo fire alarm went off . It was 1 AM , and the alarm was very loud . The firefighters came and said everything was ok . They could not turn off the alarm , however . The property manager had to come from NH to MA to turn it off .	PERSON cooked some pasta . He left the pot on too long . The pasta burned . The fire alarm went off . Everyone ran from the building .	PERSON went to bed at 9pm . She locked up the house as normal . She was almost asleep when the fire alarm started going off . She had left a candle burning . She was glad it did n't burn the house down .	PERSON was taking the SAT test . But all of the sudden the fire alarm went off . PERSON and her classmates ran outside . Thankfully there was no fire however . So PERSON got to still finish her test .
bracelet	PERSON lost the bracelet her Grandma had given to her . She was very upset , and posted about it on Facebook . Her friends shared the post for her . Another woman said she found the bracelet ! PERSON cried tears of real joy !	My wife received an PERSON and PERSON bracelet as a gift . She can not wear bracelets due to a medical condition . She emailed the company about an exchange . They allowed her to exchange the bracelet for a necklace . She was pleased with the company 's customer service .	PERSON like to wear bracelets . One time she jumped up to stand upon a ledge . While jumping she swung her arms . Her bracelet flew off and broke . She cried and was upset .	My 19 year old niece broke up with her first boyfriend last month . He cheated on her while she was away in college . She gave me a necklace he bought her , I tried to sell it on eBay for her , but nobody bought it . I will keep posting it until it sells .	My sister-in-law texted me today . She wanted to get a Pandora bracelet for my wife . She asked if her sister had one . I texted that my wife can not wear bracelets due to lymphedema . My sister-in-law said she was sorry .	When my father died we had many flowers that we did n't want to toss . My sister found a group that takes flowers and makes bracelets . We gathered all the roses up and cut off the flowers . We sent them into the company along with a check . They sent back six bracelets for me and my 5 sisters to wear .	PERSON needed an idea for a Christmas gift for her best friend . She decided to make her a friendship bracelet . When the two girls exchanged gifts , PERSON laughed . Her friend had made her the exact same gift ! The girls tied the friendship bracelets on each others ' wrists !	PERSON 's friend made her a friendship bracelet . PERSON tied it on her wrist happily . But a week later , she noticed it was missing ! PERSON told her friend what had happened . Her friend made PERSON a replacement bracelet .	PERSON made a friendship bracelet for her best friend . She presented it to him with a smile . He took it and smiled back . He put it on his wrist right away ! From then on , he never removed PERSON 's bracelet .
tie	The man got ready for his date . He asked his friend what he thought . His friend suggested a tie . The man tried one on . He agreed that it looked better that way .	Will wanted to buy a new necktie . Will looked at the selection in his local men 's apparel store . He boiled it down to a paisley tie and a striped tie . Will asked the clerk which one looked best , who suggested the striped . Will felt great when he bought the striped tie .	PERSON had to wear a suit to his college graduation . But without parents , he had a tough time tying his tie ! Finally he gave up and bought a clip-on . PERSON was worried someone would notice it . But actually , he got many compliments on how nice he looked !	Every year for Father 's Day , PERSON got her dad a tie . She felt it was very boring and not creative . Then one year she had a great idea . PERSON designed the tie herself , picked out the fabric , and sewed it . Her dad was touched by PERSON 's very personal gift !	I got a tie from my step dad . It was polka dotted . I remembered how to tie it from a job I had when I was younger . After putting on my shirt , I tied the tie properly . After checking myself in the mirror , I was proud of my tie knot .	PERSON had a job interview . He put on a nice shirt and selected a tie . The problem was , he did n't know how to tie it . PERSON shrugged and tied it just like shoe laces . PERSON looked ridiculous and the interviewer did n't hire him .	PERSON was starting a new job and decided to shop for new clothes . He went to the mall and picked out clothes including a new tie . PERSON wore the new tie on his first day of work . He overheard someone in the hallway say that his tie was ugly . When he got home , PERSON threw the new tie in the trash .	PERSON needed a tie for his formal dinner . But he did not own even one . He asked his dad for help . PERSON 's dad borrowed him a lovely tie . PERSON looked very nice at dinner in his borrowed tie .	PERSON put on her husband 's tie . He left the house and got in his car . Then she called her boyfriend . He came over and smiled at her . Then the car pulled back in and her husband jumped out .
dancing	My wife wanted to go dancing . We put on our fancy clothes and went to the club . When we got there we had a drink and listened to the music . Then we started to dance and having a lot of fun . We did not go home until the dance club closed .	PERSON and PERSON have been married for years . For their next anniversary they plan to go dancing . They enroll in salsa classes . They practiced once a week for years . On their anniversary night , they passed away .	PERSON went to a night club . He enjoyed the music very much . He made his way to the dance floor . He met PERSON on the dance floor . The got along well and began dating .	PERSON was a good dancer but he was shy . He wanted to ask PERSON to the school dance . Every time he saw her he got shy and did n't ask . The day before the dance PERSON asked PERSON . PERSON said yes and he showed PERSON how to dance .	PERSON was nervous . He was about to go up and ask his crush to dance . He walked directly up to her and boldly asked her to dance . It was the bravest thing he had ever done . She said yes and they went off dancing the night away .	My cross country team had a talent show . Three girls dressed up in grass skirts . They wore coconut bras . Then they danced to a country song . It was the best act of the night .	King had always loved dancing since he was kid . He loved moving gracefully throughout the air . One day , he danced for 5 hours straight . He went viral on social media and got many fans . Now King is able to dance as his profession .	PERSON was good at dancing . He set up some cardboard on a street corner . He started to break dance . A crowd gathered around and began cheering . PERSON felt great dancing .	A man went dancing at a night club . He noticed most people danced much better than him . He asked a great dancer for advice . He learned that practicing in front of a mirror is helpful . He did that and saw his dance skills improve .
picture day	It was PERSON 's first day of school and picture day . She tried looking her absolute best for the day . As soon as she sat in the chair to get it taken , she tensed up . She hated picture day . However thankfully the pictures came out good .	Christian came home and told his mom picture day was the next day . His mom told him they 'd go get him a new outfit . They went to the store . Christian picked a great outfit to wear . He wore his new outfit and took a fantastic picture .	PERSON wanted her school pictures to be the best . She decided to wear makeup . PERSON 's mother did not allow her to wear makeup . When PERSON 's mother saw the pictures , she was angry . She decided that PERSON had to take another picture without makeup .	PERSON 's daughter was having picture day at her school today . However , PERSON was not sure what to dress her in . PERSON decided he would let his daughter choose . PERSON 's daughter choose her favorite Peppa Pig pajamas . PERSON regretted the decision to let his daughter choose her outfit .	PERSON always hated her school photo . This year she wanted her hair to be perfect . She tried hairstyles in the mirror for hours . And it paid off . She finally had the perfect hairstyle for picture day .	PERSON was looking forward to the day when they took pictures at school . He could n't wait to show his mother the pictures . PERSON walked into a swing and got hit in the face . On picture day , PERSON had two black eyes and a bruised nose . His mother loved the pictures anyway .	PERSON was nervous for picture day . She sat on the stool as the photographer worked . He told her to smile . She could n't get the photo right . Finally he just snapped the picture regardless .	PERSON had to get her picture taken at school today . She woke early and dressed for the pictures . She went to school and had the picture taken . She had to wait several weeks to get the pictures back . PERSON got her pictures and was proud of the way she looked .	It was picture day at PERSON 's school . It was his turn to take his picture . PERSON made a sad face to take the picture . The pictures came back . PERSON 's mother was upset how his pictures came out .
the carnival	PERSON was a face painter at the city 's holiday carnival . She enjoyed seeing the smiles on children 's faces . A little girl asked for a butterfly on her cheek . When PERSON painted it on , she added tiny hearts on the wings . When the girl saw it in the mirror , she giggled happily .	I was driving down the street . I saw that the carnival was in town . I stopped by on my way home . I watched some crazy shows and ate snacks . I went home and had fun .	PERSON loved to go to the carnival . He went to the carnival every year . PERSON went to the carnival and threw up on one of the rides . PERSON was kicked out of the carnival and banned for life . PERSON kept going to the carnival by wearing a disguise .	PERSON and PERSON felt sick . They had been on twelve carnival rides in a row . They decided to go on one more . It was the PERSON wheel . At the very top , PERSON threw up on the crowd below .	PERSON and PERSON were very excited ! The carnival had come to town . They rode every ride and ate some cotton candy . They played some games and won a prize . They could n't wait until next year !	I took my girlfriend to the carnival last night . To impress her I tried to win her a stuffed animal . I paid to throw balls and knock over bottles . I was n't able to get a single one . After I decided to just buy her one instead .	The family had been riding rides all night . The carnival had come to their town . They finished their night off with a ride on the Scrambler . It was their favorite ride . When they got off , they could hardly walk straight .	Every year , a carnival came to town . Kids loved to ride the ferris wheel . Last year , The Scrambler made its debut . A ride always broke before the end of the carnival . All the kids in town looked forward to that week .	I needed some excitement in my life . I took a random drive down a road I had never traveled . I found a strange carnival . I ate food and rode on the rides . I was so happy that I stopped at this wonderful place .
boots	Winter had just arrived . PERSON had no boots . She could n't afford to buy a pair . Then she went to the goodwill and found some for $ 5 . PERSON was able to keep her feet warm that winter after all !	My black cat 's name was boots . He walked around the whole house crying one day . I finally took him to the Vet to see what was wrong with him . The doctor told me my cat was dying and would pass soon . I spent the remaining precious days making Boots comfortable .	PERSON found a lovely pair of boots online . She ordered them right away . She was so excited to get them and wear them ! But when they arrived , they were too small . PERSON reluctantly returned them for a new pair .	Bae ducked into the store out of the rain . Her tennis shoes were soaking wet ! Bae looked at the selection of boots the store had . She picked the first pair she saw in her size . Bae bought the boots and wore them out into the rain .	I started cleaning out my closet . I found my favorite boots in the bottom of the pile of shoes . I put them on , and realized they did n't fit my calves anymore . I resolved to lose weight and fit into them again . Two months later , they fit perfectly .	PERSON was lonely after his parents ' divorce . His mom got a great idea . She took him to the pet store as a surprise . He picked out a black kitten with white feet . He named it Boots .	I love my husband but sometimes I wonder why I married him . He 's loving , considerate and not always the sharpest tack in the box . It snowed and I could n't find my snow boots . My husband came in and told me he donated my boots to Goodwill . I was upset but I bought them back off of Ebay .	My wife needed a pair of boots for the winter . She went to a store in the mall . She also went to a factory outlet . She bought a pair of boots , Then she bought four more pairs !	PERSON got a new set of boots . They were black and glossy . He wore his new boots outside . A puddle was in the way of his path . PERSON stomped into the middle of it splashing water everywhere .
music	PERSON really wanted to impress his date . So he bought a lot of CDs of music he thought she would like . His date listened to the music and kept playing with her bag . PERSON asked what was in the bag . His date showed him CDs , she was nervous and brought some too !	PERSON went to see a live music performance . He had one of the best experiences of his life . He decided to learn to play the drums . He took lessons and practiced often . He soon became a drummer in a local band .	I was learning to play the piano . There was a book I read . I tried to follow the technique . It taught you to play what you hear . It was not very easy .	A man bought an mp3 player and loaded tracks on it . He began listening to it on walks . He noticed he had a pep in his step , doing this . People suddenly stopped to offer him rides regularly . He thought the music made him happier and people saw this .	PERSON was listening to music . PERSON was at a coffee shop . PERSON enjoyed the music very much . PERSON began dancing to the music . Everyone in the coffee shop began watching PERSON .	The girl turned up the music . The dad was trying to sleep . He got mad . He walked into the girls room abruptly . He took the girls stereo out of her room .	PERSON went jogging one morning . He was n't paying attention and hit a tree . He fell down and broke his ipod . PERSON did n't even care and kept running . He realized though how boring it was without music .	PERSON was an aspiring musical performance artist . She thought she was a great amateur singer . She asked her friends what she should do . They said she should sing for a record executive . She did and was offered a contract with Sony , she was very happy .	PERSON wanted to get out of his record label . He ca n't because of his contract . He decided to bring in a lawyer . The lawyer did things behind the scenes . PERSON got out of the label .
tv	PERSON 's parents thought he watched too much TV . They wanted him to get out and make more friends ! PERSON made a deal with them - he could watch 2 hours of TV every day . In return , he would join one extracurricular club in school . Both parties agreed , and everyone was happy with the arrangement !	Amber loved to watch TV . She never felt like she had enough time . She decided she was spending too much time online . She stopped going on the computer . Now she can watch all the TV she wants !	Harry got home from a long day at work . He really wanted to relax . He wondered how he should . He decided to turn on the tv . He watched the tv .	PERSON wanted a new tv . So he went to the best buy and looked at a tv . Found a good tv . Bought the tv . PERSON loved his new tv .	I love watching television . I have about six shows I love to watch . I tried watching all of them at once . That did not work out well and I got sick . Now , I only watch one at a time .	PERSON 's TV was behaving weirdly . She decided to switch to her local cable company . They came and hooked up her new service . PERSON 's TV reception became much better . She was glad she had switched !	June was home sick from work . She laid on the couch and watched TV . She only planned to watch a few shows . Those few shows turned into 5 seasons . Her tv watching helped her feel better .	PERSON became tired of all of the shows on TV . So he decided to watch videos online . He ended up spending several hours watching Youtube videos . And he decided to cancel his cable subscription . He connected his computer to his television and had a blast .	Our daughter moved to NYC from LOCATION . She and her husband and daughter live in LOCATION . Her husband 's television broke down . He is a philosophy teacher and makes little money . We all chipped in and bought him a new big screen tv .
computer	PERSON was having a problem with her computer . She called her savvy friend to come and help her . He quickly diagnosed the problem : she had a virus ! He helped her get rid of the virus . Soon the computer was running as smoothly as ever !	PERSON bought a new computer . He brought it home and turned it on . He was very excited to get it working . Three days later the battery in the computer broke . PERSON was sad because he forgot to buy the warranty .	PERSON computer broke . He looked up online for places who fix computers . He found a good place . PERSON drove to the store and gave them his computer . They fixed it and now PERSON is happy .	PERSON had a very big computer . He loved to use it a lot . One day , it stopped working . PERSON had to rush to the store . Finally , PERSON got his computer fixed and it worked .	A family went shopping together . They were browsing for electronics . A boy in the family pointed at a box . The box was a brand new computer . The father bought the boy a new computer .	PERSON was having trouble with her computer . No matter what she tried , she could n't get it to turn on . She decided to bring it into a shop to be fixed . After two hours of waiting , she was called back to the store . Her computer had been repaired , and she happily continued her day .	PERSON loved to use his computer . He would use it almost everyday . One day , he decided to turn his computer on . His computer froze so he rushed to the store . Finally , his computer was fixed and was able to boot .	The man turned on the computer . The computer did not respond . The man double checked that it was plugged in . The surge protector had flipped . He reset the surge protector .	I took my friend to the electronics store . He needed a new computer . He found one that cost a lot . He bought it anyways . We took the computer home .
photos	A photographer was in the city . He wanted to find good photos to take of street photography . He then saw a cop hitting a civilian . He took a lot of photos of it . The cop ended up stopping when he started taking the photos .	PERSON 's phone storage became full and she checked the pictures . She found that they were taking up a lot of room . So she went to Walgreens and had them all put on 8 disks . She kept these at home so she could access them . When she went to look through them , she found they were blank .	On August 6 , our building held a cookout . The manager took a lot of photos . The building website kept promising photos . Finally , the photos were posted today . My wife found our photo and put it on Facebook .	PERSON hated how his smile looked in school photos . He waited in line for his turn while adjusting his shirt . The photographer told him to sit down and smile . When he did n't smile , the photographer said something about boogers . PERSON 's photo had the best smile he 's ever had .	Our apartment building walls are bare . Today I tried to brighten up the place . I printed an historic photo of the area . I tacked it up onto the wall . I am waiting to see when they take it down .	PERSON 's sister had a camera . She just left it around and did not use it . PERSON decided to take it for himself . He started taking photos everywhere he goes . He started loving photography .	My sister-in-law V love 's photos . She prefers actual hard copies . She handed out photos at the last family party . A lot of the younger people found this amusing . They were used to having photos on their phones .	We moved to LOCATION in 2013 . We lived near a pond . I am disabled and can not walk far . My wife walked down to the pond and took several photos . I printed and framed one to hang near my desk .	My sister-in-law called us on Sunday . She had attended a family event . Her camera broke down and she did not take photos . She asked my wife to have some photos made up . My wife had LOCATION print up some copies .
found cat	PERSON found a stray cat roaming her neighborhood . She checked for tags , but it had none . She decided to adopt it . PERSON took it home , bathed it and fed it . Soon the cat became her loving companion !	PERSON was walking in his neighborhood when he came across a stray cat . He took the cat home and gave it some water and kibble . The next day , he found a flyer for a missing cat in his mailbox . He called the number on the flyer . A few hours later , he reunited the cat with its owner .	Our cat died shortly afterward . It was back in our garage . It had lost weight . My neighbor found it . It was missing for weeks .	PERSON found a cat in his neighborhood . It had a collar on it . PERSON called the number on the collar . The people who answered were very gracious . They gave him a prize for his trouble .	PERSON heard some noises coming from outside . He went to look and found a stray cat . It was small and playful . PERSON felt bad and decided to feed it . After a while it became his pet .	PERSON left his window open . His cat got out of the house . PERSON looked for his cat . He put posters up to find his cat . Someone called him with his cat .	PERSON found a cat on his way home one day . The cat had a collar on it with a phone number . It looked hungry and tired so PERSON took it home . He called the owners later in the day . They thanked him and picked up the cat promptly .	PERSON found a cat while walking through his neighborhood . No one was around so he examined the cat for a collar . There was not collar so he picked up the cat and took it home . That night PERSON made posters saying that he found a cat . No one claimed the cat so PERSON kept it as a pet .	PERSON saw a cat while walking home . It followed her all the way . PERSON felt bad and fed it . The cat kept returning . Eventually PERSON kept it as a pet .
the museum	One day PERSON went to the museum . First he saw the dinosaur skeletons . Then he saw the cavemen . Finally he saw the art gallery . He had a fun time .	PERSON loved learning . She went to a new museum to learn about history . The exhibits were great ! She especially loved learning about the Civil War . PERSON felt smarter after her visit .	The family went to the museum . They were disappointed to see the planetarium closed . They asked a curator when it would open . The curator told them 4PM . They were relieved to hear this .	The kids were taking a field trip . They were going to a local museum . It was full of amazing artifacts . They learned about history and science . The kids were sad to leave at the end of the day .	One day the PERSON family went to the museum . PERSON 's favorite exhibit was the dinosaur room . She thought the skeletons were cool . Mr PERSON liked the caveman display . Everyone had fun .	PERSON loved learning about things . He went to a new museum to learn about history . He looked at each exhibit . At the end of it , he was impressed . The museum had done a wonderful job teaching him about history .	During the summer the kids did not have school . PERSON was home with her babysitter during the day . They were bored so the babysitting took her to the museum . They saw many historical artifacts . PERSON learned a lot at the museum .	The family was taking a trip . They were going to a famous history museum . They all wanted to learn as much as they could about history . They took all day going through the exhibits . The museum had taught them a lot !	The family walked up the big stone steps with a lot of excitement . They were going to a huge new museum . They explored the exhibits for hours . They were happy they 'd gone to the museum . They were already planning their next visit !
the dress	PERSON was learning to sew . At class her teacher asked her what she was making . PERSON told her it was a surprise . That summer she gave the teacher a gift . It was the dress Carol had made in class .	The woman was getting married in just a month . She ordered a dress from the bridal shop . She was worried it would n't arrive in time . The dress showed up the day before the wedding . The woman was so relieved she cried !	PERSON wanted a new dress . She did not have enough money to buy one . She decided to pick up extra shifts at her job . She finally saved up enough for one . She loved the dress she bought .	PERSON had her eye on a dress at the mall . She knew she could not afford it . She decided to save up until she could . When she had enough money , she went back to the store . However , the dress was sold out .	PERSON went to the store to buy a new dress . She had her heart set on the blue one with ruffles . When she got to the store , the blue dress was sold out . They offered a black dress with rhinestones in it 's place . PERSON now has a new black and glittery dress .	PERSON was excited to wear her new dress . It was the perfect shade of pink . It was full of ruffles . When she put it on , the zipper busted open . PERSON was so upset and cried that she could n't wear it .	PERSON ordered a beautiful dress . She was anxious for it to arrive in the mail . When she opened it , it fit beautifully ! It was her favorite item in her closet . She wore it every week .	PERSON entered the store looking for the perfect dress . She searched rack after rack but found nothing . A sign in the back caught her eye and she went toward it . Searching through these dresses , one stood out to her . A blue dress fit her just right and PERSON got the dress she needed .	PERSON was getting married . She needed that perfect dress . She decided to drive to the shop to look . She liked the first one she tried on . She immediately bought it .
olympics	I look forward to watching the Olympics every four years . I plan my day around my favorite events . I try not to miss any action . Watching the countries compete is exciting . I 've been watching the games all week .	LOCATION made a bid for the Olympics . They promised to clean their city . They won the contract . They hired a good manager to oversee operations . The Olympics went smoothly .	Tonight was the olympics . PERSON could n't wait to see it . She was excited . Then she watched it . She was disappointed .	My wife is watching the Olympics . Unfortunately some of the day 's events are in the afternoon . Thus , gold medals are sometimes already won by prime time . She asked her coworkers to not talk about the results during the day . Thus far , they have complied .	PERSON loved running . Her dream was to be in the Olympics . She trained every day . In high school , she was on track and broke records for speed . When she was 21 she ran track in the Olympics and got a silver medal .	PERSON has been training for the Olympics since he was 14 years old . He made it to the 2016 Olympics in LOCATION . On the day of his events , he was extremely nervous . He lost three events but placed second in two others . He returned home very thankful with two silver medals .	PERSON enjoyed watching the Olympics but she could n't ! She could n't get the TV to work ! She asked her friends for help but they did n't know either . Finally PERSON asked her dad for help and he came over . He got the TV to work and she was very happy .	My mom wanted to watch the Olympics with me recently . She told me what channel they were on and I switched to it . During the Olympics we cheered for our country ! We both really enjoyed it so we watched it the next day too . We ended up watching the Olympics every day they were on .	PERSON was watching the Olympics with her family . Her favorite event was gymnastics . On television , the gymnast did a variety of flips and jumps . PERSON was hypnotized by what she saw . She decided she wanted to be a gymnast as well .
bad news	PERSON was practicing football when he was knocked down . He did not think the blow was too hard until he tried to get up . When PERSON tried to get up , he got dizzy . PERSON was sent to the ER to have an examination . He had a concussion and was out the rest of the season .	The surgeon stepped through the doorway into the waiting room . The tense family looked up as he crossed toward them . He murmured quietly and shook his head . The family began to cry and hug one another . The surgeon walked back through the door , his shoulders slumped .	Sue just received bad news . Her dad has to have heart surgery . While the doctor was doing the scope , they hit an artery . Dad now has to wait until the aneurysm hardens . The date of the wedding may change .	PERSON sat down dejected on the sofa . She called her boyfriend right away to give him the news . When he did n't answer , she sighed even more . She 'd have to deal with it herself then . So she called the police to tell them her apartment had been robbed .	As she browsed the discount store , PERSON heard an announcement . The store announced that there was a phone call for PERSON . In a panic , she went to the service desk and told them her name . PERSON took the phone and heard her best friend 's excited voice . PERSON 's husband was being arrested in her home .	PERSON ' parents sat her down for a serious chat . She was so worried about what it could be . She was so sad to hear them announce that they were divorcing . PERSON cried all night about the new situation . By morning she had realized she wanted her parents to be happy .	PERSON was in class and received a call . When class ended , she checked her voicemail and returned the call . It was her friend 's lawyer . Her friend had passed away and left the estate to her . PERSON was overwhelmed with preparations .	PERSON is having chronic pain in his side . So he goes to the doctor . The doctor diagnoses him with cancer . The doctor gives him 12 months to live . PERSON quits his job and cherishes every day that he has left .	It was PERSON 's last day as a newsman . He looked at his script from the night and took out a pen . He changed around some stories and wrote an original poem . His producer was very confused by the broadcast when it aired . PERSON finished his segment and took a bow .
PERSON goes shopping	PERSON realized he had no food in the house . His wife was out of town on business . PERSON had to go buy groceries by himself , which he had never done . He walked into the store and was overwhelmed . PERSON decided to just order takeout for the rest of the week .	PERSON was going to plan a party . He did n't know what kind of food everyone would like . He asked some friends for some tips . After collecting advice PERSON decided to run to the Supermarket . He picked up everyone 's favorite Hot dogs and Hamburgers .	PERSON had recently gotten a divorce from his wife . He had never really gone shopping as she took care of those things . PERSON had no idea where to start . He was a little nervous about picking up what he needed and did n't . PERSON conquered his fears and went into the store to buy what he needed .	PERSON is watching tv . All of the sudden the TV turns off . PERSON realizes he needs a new tv . PERSON heads out to shop for a new tv . PERSON goes into the store and buys a new tv .	PERSON 's girlfriend of 3 Year 's has just broken up with him . He is afraid that his clothing is not cool enough for him to date . He asks a friend to come find some nice new sneakers with him . They have a great day shopping for sneakers . Now PERSON feels he can move on and find a new girlfriend .	PERSON wants to do something to keep busy this weekend . Unfortunately she does n't have any friends to hang out with . She decides to go shopping at her local mall to stay busy . She buys two sweaters and eats an ice cream cone . When she gets home , she is happy that she left the house .	PERSON wanted to rebrand himself . He was tired of all his friends calling him uncool . So he decided to head to the mall . He bought all new clothes to make him cool . PERSON was very happy about his trip to go shopping .	PERSON has an empty fridge . She decides to go grocery shopping . She picks out turkey , vegetables and cheese . She drives herself home . PERSON enjoys a healthy , homemade dinner .	PERSON was an older guy in his 40 's . He had never really been hip to the times and fashion . His daughter decided enough was enough . She took him shopping for some new clothes . PERSON was happy his daughter took him shopping for new clothes .
proposal	PERSON and PERSON had been dating for years . PERSON knew she was going to marry him . PERSON was nervous about popping the question . He finally bought a ring . He planned the proposal and she said yes .	PERSON found out she was pregnant . She told her boyfriend of four months , PERSON . She expected PERSON to leave her . But to her surprise , PERSON vowed to marry her . PERSON was thrilled with her wonderful man !	PERSON and PERSON have been dating for six months . One day , PERSON took her to the park . He led her on a walk around the lake . As they got to the gazebo , he got down on one knee . He proposed to her and she said yes .	PERSON had been dating PERSON for 6 weeks . He fell in love with her instantly . She still was n't sure . PERSON finally decided to propose to PERSON . She said yes and they started planning their wedding .	PERSON brought his girlfriend to the park . He laid out a picnic blanket . Together they shared a nice meal together . Then PERSON proposed to her . She screamed and said yes .	PERSON got down on one knee . He asked PERSON to marry him . PERSON felt very awkward . She did n't want to marry PERSON ! To be kind , she told him she needed some time to think .	PERSON and PERSON have been dating for 2 years . They really love each other . PERSON decides he wants to marry PERSON . He buys a diamond engagement ring . PERSON answered yes when PERSON asked her to marry him .	PERSON and PERSON had been dating for 3 years . PERSON was ready to propose to PERSON . He planned the perfect night . He took her to dinner and then for a walk on the beach . Then PERSON proposed and she said yes .	PERSON took his girlfriend for a walk . They had taken walks before . For some reason this one was different . All of a sudden , he got down on one knee . He proposed and she said yes !
the shoes	PERSON went shopping . He got a new pair of shoes . He wore them out of the store . PERSON felt very confident wearing his new shoes . He skipped down the street towards his house .	PERSON bought the last pair of PERSON PERSON at the local shoe store . PERSON , wanting a pair for herself , asked PERSON where she bought them . PERSON told her there were n't anymore , she got the last pair . PERSON offered PERSON double what she paid for the shoes , but PERSON said no . On her way home , PERSON was mugged of her shoes by a masked person .	PERSON was at the mall . He bought a new pair of shoes . He put them on once he got home . He paraded around in front of his friends . They all loved his new shoes .	PERSON loved shopping and usually spent too much money . She found a great pair of shoes . She took them to the register and swiped her card . It was declined . PERSON was so bummed that she had to put the shoes back .	PERSON wanted a new pair of shoes . She begged her Grandma to buy the shoes . Her grandma said not today . PERSON gave her a wide-eyed look . Her grandma gave in and bought the shoes .	PERSON and her grandma went to the mall . PERSON had only tennis shoes and it was too hot to wear them . PERSON tried on lots of sandals but saw none she liked . After an hour her grandma was tired and picked the shoes for her . PERSON rode home in silence upset she did n't get to pick her own shoes .	PERSON fell in love with a pair of shoes . She knew they were out of her budget . She decided to save up for them . She finally had saved up enough . PERSON was glad she could buy the shoes .	PERSON liked a pair of shoes at the shop . He did n't have any money to buy them . He had to figure out how to get some money and quickly . It was summer so he decided to mow lawns everyday after school . By the end of the week PERSON was able to buy the shoes .	PERSON was a runner . He had a great pair of running shoes . He had worn them in perfectly . He flew to a race and got so upset . The airline had lost his shoes !
new home	The family was not popular in the neighborhood . They needed a new home . They did not have enough money . They were forced to stay . The neighbors began to make the family 's life miserable .	PERSON wanted to move out of his place and find a new home . He was tired of the same old thing day in and day out . He decided that it was time to talk to a real estate agent . The real estate agent put his house on the market . PERSON moved from his old place and got the place he really wanted .	My niece is engaged . She and her fiance are having trouble finding a home . Recently her fiance 's father proposed buying an old church . It is zoned as a home and is selling for $ 115K . She is excited as they can afford the mortgage .	PERSON wants to move to a new house . His wife PERSON does not want to move . PERSON convinces her to look at a couple new houses . She does not see any that she likes . PERSON refuses to move .	PERSON went to the Orthodontist today . Several dentists were connecting invisible aligners to his teeth . After the procedure was done , they gave him several instructions . They also told him to give special care to the aligners . He thanked them and left afterwards .	The PERSON lost their house in a storm last month . They considered rebuilding . Most of the family did n't want to live in a stormy area anymore . So they bought a new home elsewhere . Now they feel more safe and secure .	PERSON and PERSON wanted to buy a new house for their growing family . They contacted a real estate agent . The agent helped them find a nice neighborhood with good schools . They found a nice house on a quiet street and bought it . They moved in and enjoyed their new home .	PERSON was looking for a new house . He contacted many realtors but his dream home seemed out of reach . One day he saw an ad in the paper for a custom home builder . He worked with a man and designed his own home . Now PERSON lives happily in a home he helped design and build !	PERSON was a stray dog . He was in a shelter for many months . He did n't think he would find a family . One day a woman came to the shelter . She adopted PERSON .
the parade	PERSON wanted to do something for Independence Day . He went to the novelty store to buy an Uncle PERSON outfit . Later , he met with some townsfolk to ask if he could be in the parade . He ended up sitting in the back of a pickup throwing candy to kids . The pickup stopped abruptly to avoid a squirrel and PERSON fell out .	PERSON loves floats and colors . He was excited for the parade . He got up early and got a good seat . His family accompanied him . He had great fun all day .	Every year the town has a Christmas parade . This year , I was invited to be the LOCATION LOCATION . I have not been in a parade in Years . I picked out my outfit and had my hair done . It was so fun waving and seeing everyone .	The town was celebrating their bicentennial . There was going to be a big parade . The kids sat on the curb and waited for candy to be thrown . When the floats drove by , the kids waved and cheered . They got a lot of candy and had a lot of fun !	In the Middle of April a town had a parade . Many groups in the town marched for the parade . After the parade was over there was a big fair at the park . At the fair the mayor said this was the best parade ever . All the townspeople cheered when he said that .	One day the PERSON family went to a local parade . They had lots of bands . They also had magnificent floats . People handed out free hot dogs . Everyone had fun .	The friends all sat on the curb . They were waiting for the parade to come by ! They watched intently as the bands and floats walked by . The caught candy when it was tossed toward them . They had a fun time at the parade !	I woke them up early in the morning yesterday . They had no idea what was happening , I did it was a surprise . When we arrived at Disney PERSON was so happy she started to cry . We spent the whole day riding rides and taking pictures . They fell asleep in the car before we made it home .	The whole town had gathered together . They all sat on the curb and watched the parade go by . The floats threw candy and trinkets . Kids scrambled to grab anything they could . It was a fun annual tradition !
president	PERSON wanted to become President . He collected campaign donations . He talked to all the important people . He bought ad in the newspapers and on TV . But he did n't even make it to the primaries .	PERSON PERSON decided to run for president . He got the money to run the campaign . A lot of people liked his opinion . People decided to vote for him . He became the next president !	PERSON had always wanted to meet the president . It was recently announced that the president was visiting his town . PERSON waited in line for three days to meet the president . After PERSON met the president , he went home to rest . PERSON was able to have a good night 's rest after meeting the president .	PERSON wanted to be President when he grew up . But as he got older , his aspirations changed . He was no longer interested in politics . He decided to start a business instead . But he still became President - of his own company !	PERSON runs for president of his classroom . He promises the class impossible things . When it is election time , he becomes president . The class discovers that he could not provide what he promised . PERSON loses most of his friends .	PERSON was running for president . He started getting a following . He went to all of the on the fence states . He won the democratic debate . He ended up being president .	PERSON campaigned for junior class president . She was losing to her competition . Then her competitor , PERSON , dropped out for personal reasons . PERSON found herself running unopposed . Finally , she became junior class president !	PERSON wanted to be elected class president . To help his campaign , he studied politics after school . He used all that he learned from studying on his classmates . The next week , voting day arrived . PERSON won by unanimous decision thanks to his efforts .	When PERSON was little she always said she wanted to be president . As she grew up her secret desire remained , but she never said it . As an adult she worked hard and ended up managing a large bank . On her fifth anniversary there she attended a large bank meeting . And she almost cried - because they had made her president !
rabbit	I was walking . I saw a rabbit . I felt like killing it so I threw a rock at it . The rabbit died . I felt guilty .	PERSON saw a rabbit in her yard . She wanted to keep it as a pet . She went outside with a big net . But the rabbit hopped away very quickly ! PERSON was unable to catch it .	PERSON turned the rabbit over the fire pit . He smelled the burning meat . He took a bite and was in bliss . He ate the eyeball next . The juices popped inside his mouth .	PERSON wanted a rabbit . She looked online to see their feeding habits . then she bought a cage and bedding . Finally , she went and selected a rabbit . PERSON was so happy to bring her new pet home !	I had a pet rabbit . He loved alfalfa . I planted some in the backyard so I could give him fresh alfalfa . When it was ready , I brought him a bundle to eat . He ate every last bite .	PERSON had a bunny . She forgot to feed it . One day she went to his cage to see him . He was dead . PERSON was very sad .	I had a couple rabbits . We let one of them out in the yard . The dog had the rabbit in it 's mouth . There was fur missing on the rabbit 's neck . The rabbit died after that .	My friend PERSON is 99 years old . His sight is failing him . One day we were sitting on the bench outside . I saw a rabbit and pointed it out to PERSON . Sadly , PERSON could not see the rabbit .	The man saw a rabbit . He was hungry . He chased the rabbit . The rabbit outran him . The man sat down in defeat .
skiing	PERSON and PERSON planned a ski trip . They bought all their equipment . They purchased their lift tickets . They drove to the mountains . When they arrived , the pass was closed .	PERSON was excited because him and his family were going skiing . They drove to big bear . They went to the spot where everyone was skiing . PERSON was a bit nervous about skiing . PERSON started to ski and managed to not fall .	One day PERSON and her friends decided to go skiing . First they rode up the hill . Then they skied down it . PERSON was scared at first . But she ended up having a lot of fun !	Joy went to the mountains last Saturday . While she was there she met a really cool ski instructor . He taught her everything he knows about skiing . That Sunday , PERSON went out to go skiing all by herself . She had a fantastic time !	This winter I went skiing in LOCATION with my friend . There was so much fresh snow ! We were skiing all day because it was so fun . Both of us got a lot better at skiing from the trip . I can not wait to go again next year !	A ski instructor showed me how to ski . I tried the easy slopes first . Then I went to the intermediate slopes . I did not attempt the black diamonds . I was afraid of running into trees .	PERSON loved extreme sports . It was the winter in LOCATION . PERSON wanted to go skiing . He drove to a ski resort . He went skiing .	I went skiing when I was in college . I had never been skiing before . They were making snow and it was difficult to see on the easy slope . I went to a more advanced hill so I could see better . I fell , hit my head on ice and got a concussion !	PERSON went to the ski slopes . He donned all his equipment and safety gear . The he rode the lifts to the top of the hill . He carefully stepped down and began skiing . PERSON made it down the hill in record time on his skis !
heat	PERSON wanted to go for a walk . But it was 95 degrees outside . She decided she needed the exercise . She began to walk to the park near her home . After 10 minutes she was drenched in sweat .	It was 100 degrees in PERSON 's house . He decided to buy an air conditioner . He started doing research on what to buy . At the store he found the perfect one . He is now cool and relaxed in his house .	PERSON was very cold in his apartment . He put on extra clothes . He was still very cold . He turned up the heater . He felt much better with the heater turned up .	PERSON was a fitness enthusiast . PERSON wanted to improve his fitness . He decided to move to LOCATION . He would train outdoors all summer . He felt his fitness improve due to the heat .	PERSON lived in a house that was fueled by propane . On a frigid winter day , he saw that the tank was almost empty . PERSON was nervous he would be without heat . He called the propane company and requested a refill . Several hours later , the truck arrived and refilled the tank .	The woman turned up the heat . Her husband felt too warm . He turned down the heat about one hour later . The woman checked the thermostat . She yelled at her husband for turning down the heat .	PERSON was playing basketball . But she began feeling really exhausted . The game was almost over , so she continued to play . But later , she found herself in a hospital . Her friends told her she had a heat stroke .	PERSON had to cook dinner for her family . But it was ninety degrees outside ! She dreaded turning on the stove and oven . Then she decided to open the front door to let in a breeze . That helped cool the house off while PERSON cooked .	PERSON could not afford an air conditioner , but wanted one . Then one summer , temperatures rose to over 100 degrees ! PERSON was forced to rearrange her budget . Then she went to the store with her limited cash . There , she finally bought her long-desired air conditioner !
science test	PERSON has a science test on Friday . She has not studied at all . She decided to wing it . When she got to her class , she freaked out . She did not know anything .	PERSON has to take a science test next week . She is not very good at science . PERSON asked some of her classmates to help her study . The classmates joined her for study sessions . PERSON passed her science test .	PERSON was nervous to get her science test back . She was afraid the grade was going to be terrible . Even though she studied , she still felt nervous . Luckily when she got it back she got a B grade . She sighed in relief .	PERSON had a science test in the morning . He stayed up late playing video games . He forgot to study for the test ! He tried his best , but to no avail . PERSON failed his test .	Cat has a science test in the morning . She decided to pull an all nighter to get ready . Since she stayed up all night she could barely stay awake . When she got to school , she fell asleep at her desk . Cat slept right through her test .	PERSON has a science test tomorrow . She has been studying everyday . When she got to class , she was ready . The teacher decided to move the test . PERSON was more than irritated .	PERSON has a science test . He has not studied at all . He decided to go to football practice instead . When PERSON arrived at school , he tried to studied but it was too late . PERSON made a bad grade on his test .	PERSON has a science test . She forgot to study . She decided to pull an allnighter . When she got to class , she was exhausted . Luckily , her teacher postponed the test .	PERSON has a science test tomorrow . He pulled an allnighter so he could be ready . When he got to class , his teacher decided it was open notes . PERSON was relieved . He ended up making an A on his test .
election	PERSON was running for class president . She spent hours on her posters and her speech . On the day of the election her car broke down . She arrived too late to make her speech . PERSON lost the election .	PERSON was running for mayor of her local city ! She setup fliers and handouts for people to see what she was about . There were several debates with other candidates . She told me that no matter what she enjoyed herself . Come election day she actually won and was so excited !	The election was coming up soon . Voters were registered . Each party was rallying for its candidate . Election day came and the polls opened . The results were posted for each candidate .	After I got off from work , I went to vote at my assigned location . I had already registered to vote a month ago . I got to the front of the line , and was told I could not vote . Apparently , someone had altered my party affiliation . I left the voting location , confused and upset .	PERSON knew everyone in his class . He was very shy but always tried to introduce himself . He decided to run for class president . His opponent sabotaged him by falsifying votes . PERSON still won .	PERSON wanted to be class president more than anything . Unfortunately PERSON was not very popular . But she worked very hard on her campaign . Her popular opponent did not campaign at all . PERSON lost the election in a landslide .	PERSON wanted to vote in the election . Unfortunately PERSON was traveling during the election . PERSON filed an absentee ballot . PERSON voted . PERSON was happy to have voted .	PERSON was running for student council . The elections were very close . PERSON hoped he would make the council ! After the votes were cast , he checked the scores . He had made it onto the student council committee !	PERSON is running for president . His friend PERSON is also running for president . PERSON says mean things about PERSON on television . PERSON feels sad . PERSON becomes president after the election .
shopping trip	PERSON got a wedding invitation in the mail . She told the bride and groom she would come to the wedding . PERSON went to the store where the couple was registered . PERSON bought a set of china dishes for the bride and groom . She had the dishes gift wrapped in ivory wrapping paper .	PERSON went shopping today . He was unsure of what he wanted . He visited a few stores . There was a lot of things he considered . He decided on a new book .	PERSON was feeling a bit down . He thought a shopping trip would cheer him up . PERSON got himself several new items . Unfortunately they did n't make him happier . PERSON kept shopping to see if it would help .	I went shopping last weekend . I took my daughter with me . She needed a lot of new clothes . I could not believe how picky she is with clothes . I will think twice before taking her with me again .	I decided I wanted to go grocery shopping . I jumped in my car and went to the big grocery store in town . While I was there I noticed a sell on a brand I normally do n't buy . I debated whether I should try the new brand or go with usual one . In the end , I decided to try the new brand because of the discount .	PERSON needed a new crib . Her son broke the last crib . PERSON then went shopping with her husband for one . Finally the they found one they liked . They immediately purchased it .	PERSON needed some milk for his cereal . He drove to the store to pick some up . PERSON grabbed his milk and went to the checkout lane . The cashier rang up his item . PERSON realized he had left his wallet at home .	I get to go to the mall today . I love shopping , it 's so fun . I picked out a green shirt that had stripes . I will wear it tomorrow . My shopping trip was a success .	PERSON and PERSON went shopping at the mall . PERSON has been wanting a new wardrobe . PERSON was trying to find higher end boots . After hours , they could n't find a thing they wanted . They decided to go home to shop online .
ice skating	PERSON went ice skating one day . It was his first time ice skating . He strapped his skates tightly and clambered out into the rink . He was cautious at first , but then loosened up . PERSON was a wonderful , natural ice skater !	PERSON was clumsy . He tried ice skating but it did n't go well . He fell down and broke his leg . The ambulance came to help him . He got a cast and some crutches .	PERSON went ice skating with her mom and dad . They assured her they 'd help her learn . But despite their efforts , PERSON fell ! She twisted her ankle quite badly . She was lucky she was not more injured than that !	I once went on an ice skating date with someone . I was really bad at ice skating . So I kept falling down . Embarrassed , I apologized to my date . He laughed and suggested we do something else .	Dawn always wanted to learn how to ice skate . She signed up to take a couple of lessons in December . Her instructor promised to help her get better at skating on ice . It was very hard for PERSON to quickly learn how to ice skate . PERSON spent all her free time with her instructor until she caught on .	PERSON and PERSON were on a date . They decided ice skating sounded fun . They held hands and skated around . It was very romantic and sweet ! They were happy they 'd experienced skating together .	PERSON had never been ice skating before . She had roller skated so she thought it would n't be too hard . She fell almost as soon as she got on the ice . Ice skating was much harder than roller skating . After about an hour she was able to make it around without falling .	PERSON wanted to take PERSON on a fun date . He decided to take them ice skating . Fred and PERSON had a lot of fun ! PERSON asked PERSON to be his girlfriend during the date . Since she had so much fun , PERSON said yes .	PERSON wanted to go ice skating . But she did n't have a pair of ice skates ! She asked her cousin to borrow her a pair . He agreed and gave them to her . PERSON had a great time ice skating in her borrowed skates !
thief	PERSON browsed the aisles of the local candy store . There was a container of gummy bears that caught her eye . She hesitated , then discreetly put a handful in her pocket . The shopkeeper noticed and glared . PERSON never felt so guilty in her life .	PERSON stole a sweater from the mall . He thought he was going to get away with it . But on his way out , a clerk stopped him . PERSON had to confess and return the sweater . Luckily , the clerk decided not to press charges .	PERSON wanted to buy a video game . But he did n't have enough money . He knew someone at school who had the game he want . And he was invited to the person 's house to play it . Before PERSON went home , he stole the video game .	PERSON found a wallet in the school bathroom at school . She realized that it had been put there by the girl in the next stall ! She grabbed it and ran . But then she began feeling guilty . PERSON took the wallet right to the lost and found .	PERSON stole a car for a joyride . He thought he would never get caught . But the car had a tracking device in it ! The owner tracked the car and had the cops arrest PERSON . PERSON was taken straight to jail to await a trial .	PERSON walked home from school everyday . And he noticed that the same man had his garage open every Monday . One Monday , PERSON watched the man work on his car . And he noticed that the man went inside occasionally . He waited for the right moment stole items from the garage .	The man grabbed the woman 's purse . He ran away from her . She yelled out for help . Somebody chased the thief . The thief got tackled in the street .	PERSON loved stealing things , no matter what the cost . He walked into a convenient store . And he ran out with a bunch of sports drinks that cost a few dollars . He tried to steal from the store again a week later but was caught . And he realized it was n't worth the money .	PERSON was at a toys store . He saw a baseball that he wanted . He put it in his pocket . A security guard noticed it . But he felt bad and nicely asked PERSON to put the baseball back .
caught cheating	PERSON was cheating on his wife . One day he forgot to delete a text message . His wife saw it and freaked out . PERSON had to come clean . They wound up divorcing soon after .	PERSON was eating out with friends . He noticed his girlfriend at the same restaurant . She had said she was sick and staying home . PERSON noticed she was with someone else . He stopped talking to her that same night .	PERSON was playing poker with friends . He was losing pretty badly . PERSON decided to try and cheat . He was caught pretty easily . PERSON 's friends kicked him out of the game .	PERSON was unhappy in his relationship . He decided to cheat . His girlfriend noticed a message on his facebook . She figured out what he was doing . They broke up soon after .	PERSON was in a long term relationship . He became bored and started cheating . Eventually his girlfriend found out . She decided to break up with him . PERSON was actually relieved .	I was driving to school . When I came on campus , I noticed two familiar people . They were making out in the parking lot . It was PERSON and PERSON . Although PERSON is in a relationship , he decided to kiss PERSON .	PERSON was a good student . He was doing poorly in one class . He could n't handle the idea of getting a bad grade . He tried cheating but was n't good at it . PERSON got caught and was flunked .	PERSON 's wife loved him . She caught him cheating . She wound up forgiving him . PERSON cheated again . She kept forgiving him .	PERSON was in a loveless relationship . He cheated often . One time his wife caught him . PERSON hoped it would be the end of the relationship . Unfortunately his wife did n't leave .
christmas	PERSON needed new boots , but he could n't afford them . He had spent all his money on a Christmas robe for his wife . On Christmas morning , she was so happy to open her new robe ! Then she pulled out a package for him to open . Inside was a brand new pair of work boots !	PERSON was very excited for Christmas . She was planning on going to a party . On Christmas morning she woke up with a bad cold . She was too sick for the party ! Poor PERSON had to stay home all alone on Christmas .	PERSON wanted to have a great Christmas for her children . She worked a low paying job but loved her three boys very much . So she scrimped and saved all the year through . By Christmas she had enough to buy her boys gifts . And the look in their eyes that morning was her gift !	PERSON was excited for Christmas time . He dreamed of all the gifts he was doing to get . The weeks prior he talked excessively about what he wanted . Finally , PERSON ' mom pulled him aside . She reminded him Christmas was also about family and gratitude .	Last Saturday , my wife went to a Christmas bazaar . A local school hosted the bazaar . My wife bought a lot of raffle tickets , plus a wreath . When she got home , she put the wreath up on our door . I hope we win some raffles .	I did n't want to play a song . My stepmom had asked me if I wanted to . My sister-in-law had just played . It was her own composition . This was when our family was together for Christmas .	I woke up in the middle of the night . I sneaked to the Christmas tree . I saw LOCATION had been there . I woke up my mother and told her . She said he was in the kitchen so I needed to go to bed .	Christmas day was upon us , and everyone in the family was happy . My family always gets together on Christmas to spend time together . All of the children were laughing and playing . They were even asking how long until they could open presents . Everybody tore open presents together and enjoyed their gifts .	PERSON was flying home for Christmas to surprise her family . Unfortunately , because of bad weather the flight was cancelled . PERSON scrambled to find an alternative . She found a bus that would be driving through the night . She bought a seat and made it home on time .
the store	PERSON 's parents wanted to know where she had been . She pulled a candy bar from her pocket . They believed she had been at the store . They never knew she was at the park with a boy they disliked . And she never planned on telling them .	PERSON had a store . Her store was robbed , because she forgot to lock the door . She was so upset , she closed her store . PERSON bought the store from PERSON . He always locked the door .	My sister and I used to walk to the corner store once a week . We would talk and laugh on our way to buy candy . It was something we both enjoyed and looked forward to . On a recent visit back home , I discovered the store had burned down . I lost a little bit of my childhood in that ash .	PERSON moved to the LOCATION with his life savings . He found a cheap building for rent to start his restaurant . After setting up the restaurant , PERSON began to work hard . After working hard , his restaurant started getting popular . It all paid off later and PERSON became very rich and successful .	PERSON went to the store . He wanted to buy some chips . While he was at the store he remembered he had to buy a lot of things . He bought all the things he needed . PERSON forgot to buy his chips , though .	PERSON needed to go shopping . She went to the grocery store but forgot her list . She grabbed random things and threw them in the cart . When she got home , she was n't sure what to cook . She had bought an assortment of junk .	PERSON ran out of toilet paper . So PERSON got ready to go too target . PERSON was now ready to go too target . In target PERSON got toilet paper . PERSON is happy he has toilet paper .	PERSON wanted mashed potatoes for dinner . They sold them at the luxury grocery store near her home . She pulled into a park and got out of her car . She was so hungry she wanted to run to the store . It took all her concentration to walk instead of run .	PERSON was hard at work . She was opening a boutique . She ordered lots of clothes to sell . On opening day , there was a huge line at the door . PERSON hoped they would like her merchandise !
clean	I decided to take a long bubble bath . I bought some bubble bath from the store . It was a kid 's brand , but I liked the gum smell . I used a lot in my tub . I smelled like bubblegum the rest of the day .	PERSON had a sweater that was supposed to be dry cleaned . She was hesitant to dry clean it . She thought it would be expensive . But when she called for prices , she was surprised . The dry cleaning fees were much lower than she 'd thought !	I needed to clean my house for a party . I was feeling rather lazy . I decided to make a sandwich instead . It was a turkey sandwich . After I ate my sandwich I cleaned the house .	PERSON was an addict and desperately wanted to get clean . She tried to quit on her own . But each time , her cravings won out . Then she decided to attend a rehab center . Within three months she was clean for good !	PERSON was in a bad mood . So he decided to clean his messy house . He put everything in the right order . And everything was free of dirt and dust . PERSON was happy to see his house cleaned up .	PERSON was disgusted at her bathroom . Her roommates would n't ever clean it the way they agreed to . She 'd finally had enough , and grabbed a mop . She mopped the floor until it was spotless . Her roommates were so impressed they took turns cleaning the rest .	Lyra was addicted to drugs . She tried to quit frequently , but she always failed . Finally she decided to check into an intense rehab . There , she learned tips and tricks for staying sober . After leaving rehab , Lyra finally got clean for good !	PERSON was washing vegetables . But she worried they were n't clean enough . So she used strong dish soap and a heavy duty sponge to wash them . But she ended up ruining the vegetables . PERSON insisted that they had to be thoroughly cleaned however .	I started to feel gross . I just wanted to stop working and go home . When I got there , I took a shower . I used my favorite scented shampoo . It made me feel a lot better .
racing	I was playing a video game . You were supposed to outrun a car . I did n't find the speed upgrade . I fishtailed the car instead . It could never pass me .	PERSON bought his first car at 16 . the car was a buick . PERSON fixed the buick up well . PERSON then raced the buick against his friend . PERSON crashed the buick and had no car after he raced his friend .	The two teams had their best runners . They got ready to run . They jumped off of the platform . They ran down the track . The best team won !	PERSON loved racing cars . One day , he came over and asked to borrow my thunderbird . I was wary , as he promised he was n't going to race it . I let him borrow the car . After he died , I found a paper that showed he had indeed raced my car .	PERSON pulled up next to a brand new Mustang on the road . The driver of the Mustang asked her if she wanted to race . PERSON refused to race , worried she would get in trouble . The driver of the Mustang laughed at PERSON ' answer . He was still laughing when he drove away .	We decided to get on go carts . We started racing each other . We went around the track several times . My son kept winning every lap . We laughed and enjoyed ourselves .	PERSON wanted to win the race at school . He was n't very fast and he was n't very athletic . Despite this , he enrolled and run as fast as he could . People cheered him and he run faster . At the end , he came in last , but he was proud of himself for trying .	PERSON wanted to compete in a race . She started running on her own . Soon she was faster and faster . Then she entered a race . PERSON came in third place !	PERSON bought a new car . It was a very fast car . He thought the car was made to be driven fast . He drove the car fast . He had a great time .
ham sandwich	PERSON made a ham sandwich . Just as he was about to eat it , the phone rang . He laid it on the table . When he came back , it was gone . PERSON 's dog had eaten his sandwich .	PERSON fixed a ham sandwich . He started eating it when the doorbell rang . He laid it on the table and answered the door . He was gone a few seconds and when he came back it was gone . He looked around to see his dog finishing his sandwich .	I made a ham sandwich . Just as I was about to eat it , there was a knock on my door . I laid my sandwich on the table . When I came back , it was gone . My dog had grabbed it ate it .	PERSON made a ham sandwich . He laid it down on the table to go upstairs . When he came back down , the sandwich was gone . He looked around and could n't find it . His dog had eaten it .	PERSON made a ham sandwich . As soon as he was about to take a bite , the doorbell rang . When PERSON came back his sandwich was gone . He looked around and noticed his dog . The dog had eaten the sandwich .	I made myself a Ham Sandwich . I 've sat it down and went to the bathroom . I came out and it was gone . I looked around and could n't find it . Then , I noticed my mom through it away by accident .	I made a ham sandwich for lunch . Just as I was about to take a bite , the phone rang . I laid my sandwich on the coffee table and ran to the kitchen . When I came back , my sandwich was gone . I looked around and my dog was finishing the last bite .	PERSON made a ham sandwich . As he went to eat it , he had a knock on the door . He laid the sandwich down . When he came back , his sandwich was gone . He looked around and saw his dog finishing his sandwich .	PERSON had just made a ham sandwich . He was about to eat it when he heard a noise . He went to see what the noise was . When he came back , his sandwich was gone . His cat had eaten all of his sandwich .
karaoke	PERSON went to a karaoke night at a pub . She was nervous about singing in front of strangers . PERSON 's friends encouraged her to go for it . She selected a song and joined the queue . When she sang , the mic cut out and no one heard her .	The girls went out . They decided to go to a karaoke bar . When their song came on , they burst out in their favorite tune . They began singing and dancing . The whole bar gave them a standing ovation .	PERSON went out with some friends . She had a little too much to drink . Her friends were singing karaoke . PERSON joined them . She sang awfully .	PERSON hated karaoke . Her crush invited her to go this friday . It was a company tradition . She said yes . As soon as she got there she turned around and went home .	PERSON and PERSON were happily married . They desired to go out on a Friday night . PERSON suggested Karaoke . PERSON agreed with PERSON ' suggestion . They went to karaoke bar and had a great time .	PERSON entered into a singing competition . He did horribly . PERSON reentered and secretly played a music track while lip syncing . PERSON won the competition . He never told anyone that he had cheated .	PERSON loved to sing but hated performing in public . Her friends planned a night out at a local karaoke bar . PERSON was nervous that she would n't be able to sing for an audience . She faced her fear by belting out her favorite song . PERSON felt proud that she could perform after all .	PERSON went to a karaoke party . She had vowed not to sing anything . But then she heard the other attendees singing . None were great , but nobody mocked anyone else ! Finally PERSON found the courage to sing her own song !	PERSON went to the bar for karaoke night . This was his first time doing it . He sang an PERSON song . Everyone cheered . He apparently did very well .
the shot	PERSON took out his gun and pointed it at a target . Before he pulled the trigger something caught his eye . A yellow balloon rose off in the distance . PERSON adjusted his arm towards the balloon . He fired off a round and the balloon popped !	PERSON went golfing last week . PERSON was golfing well and having his best round . PERSON hit a hole in one on an amazing shot . There was no one there to see PERSON 's shot . No one believed PERSON when he told everyone of his shot .	PERSON caught the basketball . He looked up at the clock . There were only a few seconds left on the clock . He faked a pass then shot . PERSON scored the last bucket , winning the game .	Frank was the best shooter in his basketball team . The team was down by two points . His team had the ball , there was ten seconds on the clock . His teammate threw him the ball and john caught it , PERSON shot the ball at last minute and scored a three .	PERSON was having a procedure done . The doctor gave her a shot to number her mouth . The shot hurt so bad ! PERSON cried and said she could n't go through with it . PERSON ran out of the exam room .	The kids were scared . They were headed to the doctor to get a flu shot . THey were dreading it . The doctor distracted them and poked them quickly . They were so relieved that it was over !	There were only a few seconds left in the game . PERSON got the ball from his teammate . He faked a pass then looked up . With one second left he shot the ball . Swoosh , he won the game .	PERSON was playing for his high school 's basketball team . His team was down by 1 point with 5 seconds left . PERSON , the point guard , dribbled it up the court . At the top of the key he did a crossover and drove to the rim . The lane was clear and he shot a layup , winning the game .	PERSON was last to go in an archery competition . She picked up her bow and nocked an arrow . The official told her that she may shoot when ready . PERSON quickly drew her bow and took great aim . The arrow was launched and missed the target by a foot .
sharing	PERSON and PERSON are twin sisters . They have always shared everything , their whole lives . Today , they are shopping together . They found a bag they both like , but there is only one in the store . They choose to split the cost and alternate days using it .	PERSON and PERSON had to share an Xbox . They always fought over the system . PERSON had an idea . They would take turns . Both of the boys were happy .	PERSON was on his way to a party . He hailed a taxi . Right behind him someone else waved it down too . PERSON decided to share it . They were both going the same general direction .	PERSON and PERSON are brother and sister . They both love dinosaurs . One day , PERSON lost his dinosaur . He was very sad . PERSON decided to share her dinosaur to make PERSON happy .	PERSON has to always share with her little sister . She does n't like sharing her favorite toys with anyone . Her little sister just recently got a new toy as a birthday present . PERSON wanted to play with the toy . She was surprised her little sister let her play with the toy .	For Christmas PERSON received a brand new toy doll . She went to visit her friend PERSON . PERSON had a new bike . PERSON asked to play with the doll . PERSON said okay as long as she got to ride the bike .	A man had many skills and resources and wanted to share them . He knew that PERSON said knowledge should be free . He wrote books and published articles online . He did his best to teach others . He increased global well being through his generosity .	PERSON offered PERSON the last of her cigarette . She was finished , and thought he might want some . He said that he did , but only if she was finished . She was finished , so gave it to him . PERSON finished the cigarette .	PERSON would never share any of his toys . However , he always wanted toys from everyone else . One day his friends took a stand . They refused to share anything with PERSON . PERSON then changed his ways and shared his toys .
horseback riding	PERSON loved horses . She always wanted to get one . ONe day her parents took her horse back riding . PERSON could n't control the horse and was thrown off . Her love of horses went down after that .	The first time I went horseback riding was bad . I had no idea what I was doing . I could n't steer the horse any direction . It started running uncontrollably . I almost fell off before someone helped .	PERSON went for her first horseback riding lesson . She was having fun . But then all the sudden she fell off the horse . She hurt her leg . It was painful and she had to go to the hospital .	PERSON 's friend PERSON wanted to go horseback riding for her birthday . PERSON had n't been before so she was nervous . Her friend promised her they 'd pick a gentle horse for her to ride . She was matched up with PERSON , and old chestnut gelding . She managed to stay on PERSON 's back the entire ride .	PERSON had never ridden a horse before . He got the chance to on his birthday . On his first try he lost control . The horse bucked him off . PERSON never tried again .	One day PERSON and her friends decided to go horseback riding . They went to the local ranch . PERSON picked a brown horse named PERSON . She rode her around the pasture . Everyone had a fun day .	I always wanted to go horseback riding . When I went to LOCATION , I saw my chance to try it . It was so hot in the desert . My behind was sore from the long trail ride . I have decided , horseback riding is not for me !	PERSON had always wanted to ride a horse . Her dad got her lessons for her twelfth birthday . PERSON was thrilled ! She and her dad went to the corral and saddled up . Soon PERSON was riding her horse , sobbing tears of joy !	PERSON loved going horseback riding . She would go every weekend . Her favorite horse was always ready for her . One day PERSON 's horse was n't there anymore . PERSON was sad to know he had passed away .
the snake	The PERSON family had a large pet python . PERSON PERSON was afraid of snakes and feared it might escape . One day during feeding , the snake slipped out of its tank unnoticed . PERSON PERSON went crazy and left the house until it was found ! Luckily the python had n't gone far and was found under the sofa .	PERSON was playing in his backyard when he heard a hiss . As he looked down he saw there was a snake right by him . He remembered something he read about snakes and stood perfectly still . Finally after an hour of waiting quietly the snake slithered away . PERSON was lucky it did n't bite him .	PERSON was walking through the woods . She saw a snake slither past her feet ! She screamed and ran away . She would n't return to the woods because of the snake . They were her greatest fear !	One day while cleaning PERSON found a snake in her house . She freaked out and ran out of the house . She then decided to grab some tools from her car . She went back inside to try and grab the snake with her tools . She was able to grab it and set it safely outside .	PERSON and PERSON walked down the dirt road . They were on their way to their friend 's house . PERSON stopped and sat down on a rock to rest . PERSON looked at the ground and saw a rattlesnake . PERSON grabbed PERSON 's hand and got her away from the snake quickly .	The kids had a pet snake . He was six feet long and black . They fed him frozen mice . They decided to take him in for show and tell . All their classmates loved seeing the snake !	When I was ten years old I went into the woods . I found a snake . I was so excited by what I found . So , I decided to bring the snake inside to show my mom . My mom was not as thrilled as I was when I showed her .	Jeff heard something rustling in the leaves . It was a snake ! He ran away from the creature . He hid in his car until he was sure it was gone . Jeff hated snakes !	PERSON went to his garden . He saw a snake near his veggies . PERSON got scared and ran inside his house . PERSON called some people too pick up the snake . They picked up the snake .
too hot	PERSON baked cookies for her boyfriend . She told them they were too hot to eat . He apparently challenged that notion . PERSON 's boyfriend took one big bite . Now he ca n't taste any cookies .	PERSON was eating out at a restaurant . His waiter told him his plate was hot when it came out . PERSON was n't paying much attention . He tried to grab it and slightly burned his hand . The waiter apologized even though it was PERSON 's fault .	PERSON bit into a Jalapeno . He had a big smile and said it was not hot at all . Ten seconds later he turned red and was drinking milk . He then began crying and said it was too hot . Everyone was trying not to laugh at him but it was too funny .	PERSON went to LOCATION . He wore a sweater . He forgot it was winter . He began to sweat a lot . He took the sweater off .	PERSON needed a venue for an upcoming event . He called every hotel in the city , but they were booked . He called every venue . Every place he rang seemed to be booked but one . In the end , PERSON decided a desert was a terrible place for a wedding .	Mom got up very early that day . She needed to work in the garden before it got too hot . Unfortunately , it was the hottest day so far that season . Mom got overheated and decided to go back inside . She decided to relax with a good book and a cold drink instead .	PERSON was eating at a restaurant . When his food came out it was really hot . The waiter warned PERSON about the plate . PERSON was n't paying attention and grabbed it . He wound up burning his hand .	LOCATION was trying to fry some chicken . She left the kitchen for a short moment to use a bathroom . However , the chicken started to fry violently when she returned . Eventually , the oil popped and the chicken landed on the floor . Unfortunately , she had to throw it away .	I was at an outdoor mall . But it was really hot . I was getting very sweaty . So I decided to wash my armpits at an empty public bathroom . I was glad nobody walked in .
library	PERSON had to go to the library to research a report . She did n't have a ride to the library so she was asking friends . I told her that I could drive her . I arrived at her house and picked her up . I drove her to the library and then waited to drive her home after !	I used to love studying in the library . I had a desk in the back I would always sit in . But now that it 's finals the library is very busy . Someone is now always sitting in my favorite desk . I now have to study at home .	PERSON 's mother took her to the library . She wanted to find books by PERSON PERSON . She was elated to see they carried all of her books . She wanted to check the all out . Her mother made her narrow it down to 3 books .	PERSON loved to read . One day Mark discovered the town library . PERSON thought he died and went to heaven . In the library , PERSON tried reading every book . Now PERSON works at the library because he loves reading !	PERSON needed to do research about dolphins . She decided she would go to the library . Her teacher allowed her to go . But her friends PERSON , and PERSON wanted to go as well PERSON was disappointed because she wanted to go alone .	PERSON goes to the library to find a book . He finds where the book is and realizes it is checked out . He decides to leave but when is about to do so he sees the book . A girl was reading it on a table and as a result Jared talks to her . PERSON realizes they have a lot in common , and asks her out on a date .	PERSON took a trip to the library , she has never been there . She thought reading books was dumb and boring . She found a book on cooking , who knew they made these books ! Later , a woman came by and said she had to leave . The library was closing , PERSON was there for 4 hours !	PERSON got a email from the library that he has books past due . So PERSON grabbed the books that were past due . He left his house with the books and walked to the library . He entered the library with the books in his hand . He gave the books to the librarian then walked back home .	PERSON wanted to volunteer during summer vacation . She loved the library . She found out they hired middle school volunteers . They offered her a summer internship ! She loved working at the library all summer .
the slide	PERSON built a new slide for his son this spring . His son love the slide and it became his new favorite thing . They had fun with the slide all summer long . Once the snow fell , it was time to play with something else . Until they found out that the snow made the slide even faster .	Grace loved going to the park . The slide was her favorite thing to ride . She went on it seven times in a row . Her legs were so tired she could n't climb the ladder again ! Grace asked her mom to carry her home .	PERSON loved playing at the park . The slide was his favorite . He would go down it over and over again . After spending all day sliding , PERSON was tired . He went down one more time , then went home to nap .	PERSON was always scared to go down the slide . He never would try it . One day he got the urge to give it a shot . He climbed up to the top of the slide . He pushed himself down , it was fun !	PERSON raced across the playground to the slide . He started the climb up the ladder . At the top , he looked down the long slide toward the ground . He sat down and pushed off whipping down the slide . He landed at the bottom with a laugh and got in line for another turn .	PERSON loved the park . There was only one problem . He was afraid of the big slide . His friends loved the big slide . He finally tried it and had a blast .	The parents rented a bouncy slide for their daughter 's birthday . She and her friends went down the slide dozens of times . When the party was over , they were exhausted . The daughter asked if they could rent it next year , too . The parents were glad she had a great party .	The playground was boring . The park decided to add a fun slide . It was huge ! The kids in the neighborhood all went down it dozens of times . It was a great addition to the park !	PERSON had been down the slide at the park lots of times . When he got there on Thursday with his grandfather , it was n't there ! It had been replaced with a new slide that was much taller . He was a bit scared but his grandfather urged him to try it . He was glad he did because it was so much fun .
snowed in	PERSON was at home when it started snowing . Tons of snow fell down over night as he slept . The next morning PERSON was stuck at home . His boss still wanted him to make it to work . Unfortunately PERSON had no way of being able to .	It was a cold winter night . PERSON was sound asleep in his bed . When he woke up he realized it had snowed overnight . The snow buried him inside his own home ! He grabbed a shovel and dug himself out .	PERSON woke up to get ready for school . She made herself breakfast . She turned on the news . Her school was closed due to 9 inches of snow fall . PERSON went back to bed .	PERSON and PERSON were driving from LOCATION LOCATION to LOCATION . By the time they drove to LOCATION it was snowing . The snow turned into a blizzard by the time they got to LOCATION . The blizzard closed a bridge and snarled traffic on the interstate . Stranded , PERSON and PERSON and to spend the night in their car .	There was a winter storm heading toward PERSON . He made sure to prepare properly . He stocked up on supplies . When the storm hit PERSON was trapped inside for a couple of days . His supplies came in very handy .	During a recent blizzard , a snow plow piled the snow up behind my car . I have to park about 10 feet from the street . The plow did not move the snow to the side . It took me hours to shovel out . Next time i will park on the side of the street .	PERSON was visiting her grandma in LOCATION . But it was late January , and a big storm came ! PERSON 's flight home was canceled . She and her grandma were snowed in in their house ! PERSON did n't make it home until almost a week later .	A winter storm hit PERSON 's house . He did not prepare with enough provisions . When he realized he was already snowed in . PERSON had to shovel his way out and walk to a store . He eventually got milk and food .	A snow storm hit last week . We were locked in for days . For a couple of hours the lights went out . We were afraid it would take a while . Luckily it was fixed in a decent time frame .
beach trip	PERSON and PERSON had planned a beach trip for the coming weekend . They left Saturday morning bright and early to get a good spot . Upon arriving at the beach they set out a towel and laid down . After a few minutes , a large group of storm clouds appeared . PERSON and PERSON packed up their beach towels and headed back home .	Me and my friends took a trip to the beach last week . We left early because the beach is far from us . When we got to the beach we ate lunch . After lunch we played volleyball . Then we rested up for the long drive back .	PERSON is going to the beach with all his friends . When they arrive PERSON is nervous about taking off his shirt to swim . He is a little overweight and is embarrassed . PERSON noticed many overweight people without shirts on . This makes him feel more comfortable .	PERSON 's family wanted to take a trip to the beach . PERSON was not a big fan of the beach . In order to make his family happy , he agreed to the trip . The beach had soft sand and it was a lovely day . PERSON grudgingly admitted that he had a very nice day .	PERSON went to the beach with his family . His little brother lost his footing and went under . His family did n't notice until it was too late . PERSON was always traumatized by the experience . He did n't return to the beach for decades .	PERSON had never been to the beach . His friends bought him a trip for his birthday . PERSON was extremely surprised . They all went together . PERSON was awe struck by the ocean and vowed to return .	PERSON wanted to go to the beach . On the way , she stopped and picked up her boyfriend . Once there , they found a secluded spot away from kids playing . Her boyfriend put lotion on her back . After two hours of tanning , they left to have lunch .	PERSON had gone to the beach . The waves on the shore were very strong . The lifeguards put up warning flags on the beach . PERSON decided not to swim at the beach . He returned to the beach the next week .	PERSON went to the beach with friends . He offered to drive . Everyone else pitched in for gas . PERSON had a great time at the beach . He offered to drive again next time .
failure	I was fired from my first job . I did n't have enough money to make rent . I had to move back home . My dad called me a failure . I realized that I was a total loser and I cried .	PERSON has an exam in one week . He is procrastinating on studying for it . He knows that he needs to study soon . He ends up sleeping through the exam . He finally gets to the exam and bombs it .	PERSON was a high school senior . He had never made below an A on a test . This year he was taking calculus . On his first test he made a PERSON PERSON was devastated .	PERSON was failing in college . PERSON had to get help from his counselor on what to do next . The counselor told him he was put on probation . PERSON realized he needed to get his act together . PERSON went to tutoring and he would go on passing the next semester .	The coach told the class to form a group . PERSON forgot to wear her gym short , so she tried to hide . She approached the back of the group . However , the coach noticed her . She gave PERSON an F and told her to leave .	I tried my best to convince her . She knew what she need to do but was conflicted . We talked for hours over the phone . She chose to make the trip to LOCATION alone . When she got there , she saw that she made the right choice .	She knew she was a failure . Her parents always told her so . She tried hard sometimes , but it did no good . They continued to berate and judge her . She gave up , knowing it was what they wanted .	PERSON was failing math class . She tried , but it was just hard to understand for her . Then her mom hired her a tutor to help her . Together they worked to explain the concepts to PERSON . Within one semester , PERSON 's grades had risen from a D to a B + !	Failure was not an option . I studied all night long . I ran into class a few minutes late . I worked hard on the test . An hour later , I suddenly woke up , realizing I dreamed the whole thing .
story	The man told a story . The boy liked it . The boy asked to hear it again . The man refused . The boy tried to read the story by himself .	The writer isolated himself . He tried to write a story . His wife interrupted him . At first he felt upset . Then he wrote it into his story .	PERSON was tucking his daughter into bed . She asked him for a bedtime story . He had no story books . So he had to invent a story in his head ! Luckily PERSON 's daughter loved his impromptu story !	There was a man who had to write for a living . He would stay up all night writing stories . One day he was n't creative anymore . He lost all his skill . He had to work in a fast food place .	He sat down with the book in hand . He opened it to page one . Looking up , he could see the child watching . She stared in awe at the colorful photos . She listened intently as he read about the great adventure .	PERSON 's daughter wanted a bedtime story . But she was sick of all her books . So PERSON made up a story . She told her daughter the story as she invented it . Her daughter said it was the best story ever !	PERSON was reading a story to his son . His son hated the story . PERSON chose a different story . His son fell asleep . It did its job .	Sue decided to try to write a story . Sue thought the story was a little bit silly . Sue read the story out loud to her boyfriend . Sue and her boyfriend both laughed at the story . Sue decided to delete the story and try again .	The boy told a story . It did n't make much sense . His dad helped him work on the story . The story improved . The boy told a good story .
goals	It was Kia 's first hockey game . She was doing well , but not excellent . Then at the end of the game , something happened . Kia scored two goals in the row . The goals led Kia 's team to win the game !	PERSON 's goal is to be able to lift a car . He thinks it 'll make him more impressive than other weight lifters . PERSON buys protein drinks and other supplements . He practices every day . He 's sure he 'll eventually accomplish his goal .	PERSON wanted to buy an xbox one . He definitely did n't have the money to though . PERSON got a part time job at a coffee shop . After a few weeks of work , PERSON had more than enough to buy the xbox . He felt really proud when he bought it after work .	PERSON works from home . He helps new companies create websites . He has been designing websites for a couple of years . He is not as successful as hed like but he does okay . He wants to open an office and hire others ultimately .	I prepared for college by studying hard . I graduated college and created the perfect resume . I scheduled interviews with the biggest internet companies . I wooed the interviewers with my brilliance and candor . I knew I reached my goal when several companies offered me a position .	PERSON was an ambitious person . He set very high goals . He would usually not reach his goals . His goals were so high that there was glory in even failing . PERSON was happy with his goal setting and reaching performance .	PERSON wanted a good job , so he studied hard in school . While his friends were out at night , PERSON would be in the library . He spent his spare time working on homework and preparing for tests . PERSON graduated at the top of his class . Shortly after graduation , PERSON found an excellent job .	PERSON had many goals for the summer . He would clean his whole house . He would also learn how to skate . However , he did n't have time to complete any goals this summer . He decided he would complete them in the fall .	Jan had always been a trouble maker . When he finally decided to straighten up , he had trouble finding work . He managed to get a low paying job at his favorite video game company . Because he loved his work , he did well and was promoted within a year . Five years later , he heads a major division of the company .
hot dogs	PERSON worked through her lunch and was hungry . She was upset to see the cafeteria was closed . She ran downstairs to the hot dog vendor outside . When she got to her desk she realized she forgot mustard . There was no time to go back so PERSON ate the hot dog dry .	PERSON was grilling hot dogs . He had never used his new grill before . He hoped he was doing everything right ! But when he tasted the hot dogs , he relaxed . They were juicy and very delicious !	PERSON and PERSON sat at the lunch table together . They started eating their hot dog lunches . PERSON 's hot dog fell on the floor . PERSON cut her hot dog in half . She gave half of her hot dog to PERSON .	PERSON went out for hot dogs one summer night . But it was very late . All the restaurants were closing for the night ! PERSON had to go to the grocery store and buy his own hot dogs . He grilled them up and ate them at home , satisfied .	PERSON was cooking hot dogs . All of a sudden a storm came . It killed the flame on the grill . PERSON had to move his hot dogs inside . They did not taste the same then .	PERSON took her children to a baseball game . The children begged and begged for a hot dog . PERSON rummaged through her purse for some money . She then led her children to the concession stand . PERSON was able to afford hot dogs for her children .	PERSON was eating a hot dog . It fell on the ground . PERSON started crying . PERSON gave him money for another hot dog . PERSON took the money and enjoyed a new hot dog .	PERSON loved to eat hot dogs . She decided to grill out for her family . She bought all the ingredients . She invited her family over for a cookout . They all had a great time .	Frank wanted to grill a supper for his buddies . He loved summer and outdoor cooking ! But he could n't afford pricey meats like ribs and chicken breasts . So Frank bought a big bag of hot dogs and grilled them up . His buddies all agreed it was an excellent grilled supper !
PERSON 's date	PERSON was going on his very first date . He was meeting sara for pizza . At the pizza place they sit down and eat . After they finish the pizza PERSON leans in to kiss his date . PERSON is rejected and sara tells him she wants to go home .	PERSON was excited because she was going on a date with a handsome man . The man had approached her at work and asked her out . PERSON did n't know he was a serial killer because he was handsome . After dinner , the man drove her home . PERSON really was n't his type .	PERSON was on his first date . He was very nervous . His date showed up to the restaurant . She was as nervous as PERSON was . The two slowly relaxed and had a great time .	PERSON is going on a date with PERSON . PERSON and PERSON decided to go to an Italian restaurant . PERSON and PERSON ordered pasta . They enjoyed their food very much . PERSON had a perfect date with PERSON .	PERSON saw a pretty girl at his school . PERSON decided to talk to her . The girl thought PERSON was nice and funny . He invited her to go to a movie with him . She said yes !	PERSON was feeling very nervous . He had a blind date at a restaurant . He sat down and waited for the date to show up . She said she would be wearing a black dress . When she came through the door , PERSON was impressed with her beauty .	PERSON felt very nervous preparing for his big date . The date was a few days ago and with the girl of his dreams ! PERSON went to the store for new clothes . He tried on everything nice and finally bought a shirt ! He wore the shirt to the date and it went great .	PERSON took his girlfriend out on a date . They first bought popcorn before sitting down to watch the movie . They both enjoyed the movie . After watching the movie PERSON bought his girlfriend ice cream . Finally he took her back home .	PERSON had never been on a proper date before . He asked his friends for some advice . They told PERSON he only needed confidence . PERSON confidently asked PERSON for a date ! Poor PERSON did n't know PERSON was engaged .
PERSON 's test	PERSON is in college . PERSON has a big test tomorrow . PERSON is very nervous about the test . PERSON studied very hard . PERSON hopes to do well on the test .	PERSON set a goal to get a good grade on her test . She studied every day and asked her teacher questions . On the day of the test , PERSON overslept and nearly missed school . She ran and managed to make it in time to take the test . In the end , she got a good grade and achieved her goal !	PERSON wanted to go on the school field trip . His grade was too low but his upcoming test could change that . All of his friends helped him to study . Then , he took the test . Luckily , when the results were posted he saw that he had passed .	PERSON wanted to become a lawyer . He studied day and night with the help of his friends . PERSON took the BAR exam , but he failed . PERSON was disappointed , so he studied harder and took the test again . PERSON passed the BAR and achieved his dream of becoming a lawyer .	PERSON took his SAT test . His score was lower than he would have wanted . PERSON rescheduled another taking of the test . He studied hard for the SAT . PERSON made a much better score the second time he took the test .	PERSON went to the farmer 's market to get radishes . On his way to the radish stand , he was offered a free sample of cheese PERSON had never really liked cheese , but he took a chance and tried it He smiled as he swallowed it and actually enjoyed it PERSON decided to get cheese to eat with his radishes	PERSON was incredibly worried about her English test . So she started studying and never stopped . But as night approached , she began hearing loud music . Hours later , PERSON decided to go outside and yell at her neighbors . But before PERSON could walk their house , the music stopped .	PERSON had a test coming up on Friday . PERSON did not study during the week . On Thursday night PERSON started to study . When Friday came PERSON was still not ready for his test . PERSON did not do well on his test .	PERSON was taking an important test . He was really scared he was going to do bad . He had a bad feeling about his answers . The next day the scores were handed out . PERSON was instantly relieved to see he got a 99 % .
bad haircut	PERSON wanted to save money . He went to a cheap salon to get his hair done . They wound up messing up his hair . He had to go to a more expensive salon to get it fixed . PERSON wound up wasting more money .	PERSON went to get a haircut . Unfortunately it was a terrible one . The hairstylist took too much off . PERSON was horrified . She never went back to her .	PERSON 's barber was trimming his hairline with an electric shaver . All of a sudden he sneezed . The razor cut a stripe through PERSON 's hair ! The only thing he could do was shave the rest down as low . It was the worse haircut PERSON ever had .	PERSON waited until the day of prom to get his hair cut . He promised his girlfriend he would take care of it . The barber sneezed when he was shaving his hairline . There was a huge swatch of hair missing from the back of PERSON 's head . His buddies teased him to no end at the dance that night !	PERSON was just getting his hair trimmed . Until his barber sneezed while shaving his neck . He ended up with an almost bald strip down the back of his head . His barber felt terrible . He evened it out as best he could .	PERSON 's hair was getting long . She decided to get a haircut . When she got to the salon she sat down . When the hairdresser was done with her , PERSON looked in the mirror . The haircut was awful .	PERSON went to get his hair cut . He told the stylist he wanted just a trim . When she was done PERSON looked in the mirror . He was practically bald , she had cut his hair so short . PERSON was too shy to tell her that he was not happy .	My usual barber was out sick and her shop was closed . I chose a different barber for my haircut . This barber gave an odd look when I asked for a high fade . I asked him if he could do that and he said yes . He proceeded to give me a terrible haircut .	PERSON decided it was time that he needed a haircut . He looked online to find the cheapest hair stylist in town . After calling the salon , he scheduled an appointment for the same day . The haircut was quick and seemed rushed . When PERSON got home , he realized he had a terrible haircut .
rock	PERSON kept a pet rock and took it on walks every day . He would pretend to have adventures with it on the walk . His neighbors found the adventures entertaining to watch . Some of them would even walk with him with their own pet rocks . One day a neighbor even gave him a second rock !	I woke up and went outside . I saw a small rock on my doorstep . I picked it up . Someone had painted it with a face . I knew instantly it was the girl next door , and smiled .	My son made a paperweight for me when he was six . He used a magic marker on a rock . I thanked him and put it aside for years . I suffered a stroke in 2011 and can not use my left hand . I use the paperweight often now to hold things down when I write .	There was a little girl who owned a pet rock . She wanted to take it to school with her . She hid it in her backpack . She then showed all of her friends . Her teacher saw it and took it away forever .	PERSON was rocking back and forth in his chair when he heard a crack . He looked down and saw the leg had snapped in the middle . PERSON got some wood glue and filled the crack . He waited patiently for a few days while it set . PERSON happily rocked in his fixed rocking chair .	The boy kicked the rock . The rock came loose . It fell down a hill side . Someone was walking up the hill . The rock almost hit them .	There was an enormous , unsightly rock in PERSON 's garden . He tried unsuccessfully to remove it himself . Begrudgingly , he called to PERSON for help . Happy to oblige , PERSON went over to help him . Together , they accomplished what PERSON himself could not .	PERSON loved rock and roll . Her favorite band was playing tonight at a concert . She was going to that concert . She got ready then drove to the concert . She had a good time at the concert .	PERSON went to visit a famous rock formation in an LOCATION park . He saw that it was a unique shape from millions of years of shaping . He knocked it over . A video caught him doing this . He was charged with a crime against the state park .
essay	PERSON had an essay to write for class . She had to choose her own topic . Finally she decided on marine life . She wrote about the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . She got a great grade on the essay !	I had to write an essay for bad behavior . My teacher wanted to make sure I learned my lesson . I spent all day writing my essay . It ended up being four pages . Luckily I learned my lesson about behavior .	PERSON had to write an essay . His teacher assigned the topic of family . PERSON had no idea what to write . So he decided to cheat . However , PERSON got caught and was suspended .	My teacher assigned an essay online . As the week passed , I became busy with other things . I received an email asking for my outline . I had completely forgotten about my essay . Luckily , I was able to research a topic and turn in the outline .	PERSON has a essay due tomorrow . She has know about her essay for quite sometime . Since PERSON forgot to write her paper , she has to stay up all night . PERSON was so tired at school she fell asleep during class . She turned in her essay but also got detention .	PERSON was assigned an essay to write . She knew it was due in two weeks . Two weeks later , PERSON got to class . Her teacher asked for the essay . PERSON had forgotten to write hers and got a zero .	I wrote an essay about my friend PERSON . PERSON is 98 Year 's old . He thinks of himself as a poet . Harry always encouraged me to write . I wrote an essay about my impressions of Harry .	My teacher gave me a paper to write . I completely forgot about it . I had to pull an all nighter to get it done in time . I was able to do it . However , I was so tired and fell asleep in class .	In 4th grade I had to write an essay about jobs . I really did n't know what job I wanted so I just winged it . I thought my essay was terrible but I submitted it anyway ! When my teacher was grading them he called me to him . He told me that my essay was better than all the others !
betrayal	PERSON had a girlfriend named PERSON . PERSON 's best friend , PERSON started flirting with her . PERSON ended up having sex with LOCATION . After finding out this , PERSON was crushed . He broke off his friendship and relationship .	PERSON decided to surprise his girlfriend with two tickets to a concert He called his girlfriend but she said she was sick . PERSON decided to bring PERSON with him instead . At the concert , he saw his girlfriend kissing another man . He broke up with her in front of everyone .	PERSON 's girlfriend was heartbroken . He had kissed her best friend ! She told them she did n't want to talk to either of them again . PERSON was so mad at himself . He knew he 'd made a huge mistake .	PERSON had been with PERSON for awhile . But one day she saw him kiss someone else . PERSON was horrified . She decided to leave him . She never looked back .	PERSON was running for office . His friends endorsed him but kept saying mean things . PERSON 's friends were also running for office . PERSON decided not to endorse them . They felt very betrayed by it .	PERSON had a very dark secret and needed someone to talk to . She had been abused by her stepfather when she was a child . PERSON felt PERSON needed to speak to her father and confront him . PERSON called up PERSON 's father and told him he better come clean . PERSON and PERSON never spoke again .	PERSON is best friends with PERSON . PERSON 's boyfriend hates PERSON . One day PERSON plays a prank on PERSON 's boyfriend . He gets so mad he tells PERSON not to speak to PERSON . PERSON and PERSON never speak again .	My niece 's child , K , is 17 . Her father promised to take her to LOCATION this summer . She was going with her half sister . The father told my niece he wanted money to take K on the trip . K was upset that her father was so miserly , and did not go .	PERSON had a crush on PERSON . She then found out so did her friend PERSON . PERSON had told all their other friends about it . PERSON had been the only person who did n't know about it . PERSON felt more than a little betrayed by PERSON .
milk	My wife gave our son a sippy-cup full of milk . After that , she went to the bathroom . When she came out of the bathroom , she saw our son . He was squeezing droplets of milk onto the couch . Our son no longer has a sippy-cup .	PERSON milked the cow . The cow kicked over the bucket of milk . The milk spilled out before PERSON could catch it . PERSON drove to the store . PERSON bought a gallon of milk from the store .	PERSON loved whole milk . One day , he went to the doctor . The doctor said he was eating too much fat . PERSON decided to cut down on whole milk . Instead , he opted to drink fat-free milk .	PERSON has always been allergic to milk . This is very troubling as he loves milk chocolate . One day , he tried dark chocolate . He fell in love with it . Now , PERSON only eats dark chocolate .	The man poured some cereal . He got out the milk . It smelled sour . He poured out the milk . He put water on his cereal .	I bought a big box of cereal . I poured it in a bowl . However something was missing . I sat in my chair thinking about what was missing . Finally , I remembered to pour in the milk .	PERSON loved milk . PERSON drank milk every night . He even ate a milk product at every meal . His milk infatuation continued throughout his life . Now PERSON owns his own dairy .	LOCATION loved to drink milk a lot . In fact , she would drink it almost every day . One day when she checked the fridge , she noticed there was n't any milk . LOCATION quickly rushed to the store and bought some . Now , LOCATION had milk to drink for dinner that night .	PERSON was riding his bike . He got off to drink a glass of milk . He came back and someone was riding away on his bike . PERSON chased him down and beat him up . He was glad drinking milk made him strong .
fireworks	We went to a store far away from home . They were having a big fireworks sale . We bought tons of fireworks . We spent over $ 100 on them . We took them home to light off .	PERSON took his lighter out and waited . In the distance his friend waved in a big gesture . PERSON flicked the lighter on . He brought the flame to a fuse if a firework . Once the fuse was lit he ran away .	I was at the lake with my family . We were shooting bottle rockets . We kept seeing how many we could shoot at once . We finally got up to 100 at once . They went in so many directions .	PERSON took PERSON to the fourth of July fair . They ate hot dogs , french fries and a lot of cotton candy . Then they went on some thrilling fairway rides . After going on all the rides , PERSON won a big Teddy bear for PERSON . Holding hands and watching fireworks before leaving was the best part !	PERSON had served in the army . He had just come back from active duty . PERSON was attending a New Year 's celebration . He knew that the fireworks would remind him of gunfire . PERSON left before the fireworks .	Amber and her family loved the 4th of July . They were really excited to go see the fireworks . All day they prepared . They packed a picnic dinner and went to the park . When the fireworks started they loved them .	Since it was Independence Day , we decided to light fireworks . We carefully selected a good spot to place them . We lit the fireworks , then ran away . The fireworks exploded into a shower of beautiful colors . It was a great way to celebrate .	PERSON was looking forward to the fourth of July holiday . PERSON bought fireworks to prepare . PERSON set them off during the holiday celebration . PERSON had fun setting off the fireworks . PERSON enjoyed the sights of the pretty lights .	PERSON had gotten fireworks from his older brother . He went into the woods to set some off . But he accidentally blew off the tip of his thumb ! Screaming , he ran for help . PERSON vowed never to touch fireworks again .
photo	PERSON needed a new photo . He needed it for his professional website . He hired a photographer . It ended up being short and cheap . He had a great photo .	It was the day of the Sadie Hawkins Dance . PERSON , PERSON and their dates arrived together . They were all dressed alike . The boys were not happy about this . When they took their group photo the boys refused to smile .	PERSON hated having her picture taken . She had to pose , though , for her high school yearbook . When she got the yearbook , she flipped right to her photo . She was expecting it to be ugly . But to her surprise , it was a lovely photo !	I worked for the MBTA . A friend of mine recruited me to join the BSRA . It was a transit buff organization that had a magazine . One year I got a photo of a trolley published in the magazine . I proudly showed it off at work .	PERSON wanted to be a photographer . He started applying to every photo magazine he could . He never got a response back . Suddenly , out of nowhere , PERSON PERSON wanted to hire him . He was so excited .	Our 2 year old granddaughter visited us in LOCATION this weekend . She lives in NYC . She was leaving on Monday . We tried to take a photo of her with us . She did not want a photo but we got one .	PERSON took a picture of his wife . She had just woken up . She was upset with him . PERSON promised he would erase the film . He later developed it and put it on the fridge .	My coworker PERSON is recovering from a broken relationship . She had an affair which ended when the man 's wife found out . The man has cut off all contact with PERSON . PERSON retaliated by posting photos of them on Facebook . The latest photo is of them at Lincoln Center in NYC .	My wife is retiring this week . One of her coworkers is in the field . She does see him often . Last week he came into the office . She had a photo taken of them together as a remembrance .
new ipad	PERSON really needed a new iPad . Her original one was getting old . She needed something to surf on . She decided to drive to the Apple Store . Luckily she picked up a gold one .	PERSON was thrilled to be getting her first ipad today . She opened the box and immediately plugged it in . As it turned on , she felt elated . For the next three hours PERSON could not stop playing with it . She immediately thanked her boyfriend for buying it for her .	PERSON ordered a new ipad . He was excited about finally receiving it in the mail . When he got home , he ran to check the mail . The box was waiting for him . He opened it and his ipad was completely shattered .	PERSON 's laptop broke and she was in desperate need of a replacement . Luckily she found out she could do everything she needed to do on iPad She decided to purchase the iPad mini . After deliberating for a while she went with the silver model . In the end it was a great choice and she was happy .	PERSON wanted an iPad . She thought it would be great . Finally she convinced her parents to get one . When she opened it up it was perfect . She could n't wait to use it .	PERSON wanted an iPad . She begged for it . Finally she looked under the tree . She saw one . She immediately hugged her parents .	PERSON wanted a new iPad . She wanted the biggest one . She did not want to settle . So she went and bought one . She was happy with her purchase .	PERSON decided to get a new ipad She was in the midst of getting the brand new one . As she arrived at the LOCATION LOCATION they were having a sale . PERSON got all excited . She immediately picked up the gold one she wanted .	Yesterday I got a brand new ipad . I absolutely loved it when I opened it . However to my dismay the iPad stopped working . I was horrified . I ended up having to get it fixed .
school	PERSON got ready for her first day at school . She was nervous and excited at the same time . She walked all the way to the school with her dad . She made a new friend right away and forgot she was nervous ! PERSON had a great time at school and wanted to return tomorrow !	PERSON was struggling in school . He decided to hire a tutor . He found the tutor very useful . His grades soon improved . PERSON became very happy with his academic performance .	PERSON had her first day of school starting today . Her mother packed her lunch box and got her clothes ready . She was excited at the thought of meeting new friends . When she arrived she found someone to talk to . They spent the entire day together .	PERSON was a freshman in school . PERSON received poor grades and did not try hard at school . PERSON made a new friend named PERSON . PERSON was a straight A student . PERSON studied with PERSON and soon became a straight A student .	PERSON use to hate school . He use to think it was so hard . He then realized he could ask his teacher for help . PERSON started making good grades with the help of his teacher . He realized school was good for his brain .	PERSON was starting a new school . She was both nervous and excited . She decided she was going to make the best of her new experience . When she walked into her first class , she immediately made a friend . She knew it would be a good year .	PERSON did not enjoy school . However , PERSON was very smart and did well in school . After he graduated he got a well paying job . This job made PERSON feel like school was worth it . PERSON now encourages others to do well in school .	PERSON is entering the 7th grade . She is excited to purchase her school supplies . Her Mom took her to the store . PERSON selected colorful pencils and a floral backpack . When she got home , PERSON put everything in her new backpack .	It was the first day of school . PERSON was very nervous . She had five new classes . Despite being new , she had a good day . She realized she would like this new school .
key	PERSON lost his key one the walk home from school . He was unhappy with his carelessness . But making the same walk the next day , he spotted it ! It was laying on the sidewalk in plain view ! PERSON was so glad he had found the key .	PERSON kept locking her keys in her car . She decided to get a spare key to hide just in case . She went to her local hardware store to make a spare . It only took a few moments for the kiosk to copy her key . She no longer has problems with locking her key in her car .	PERSON lost her keys . She arrived home from work but she could n't get in . She checked her windows , but they were all locked . She had to call a locksmith for help . The locksmith let PERSON into her house .	Kia had lost her keys . She looked everywhere for them . She was so frustrated and puzzled ! Then they finally turned up - after hours of looking . Kia had somehow put them in the fridge !	Kia could n't find her car key anywhere ! She panicked because she was always losing things . Then she remembered that she had given her mom an extra key . She had known she was prone to losing things . Kia 's foresight saved the day !	PERSON 's mom and dad worked until 5 every afternoon . Adam had to come home from school and let himself in . But in two months he lost his key four times ! Finally his parents grew fed up with PERSON 's carelessness . They arranged for a neighbor to hold the key instead !	PERSON wanted his mom to have an extra key to his car . That way he could never lock his keys inside it accidentally . But the key maker said he could n't make Tim a copy ! Car keys , he said , could only be obtained through the car dealer . PERSON realized it was going to be very expensive for a new key !	The man locked the door . His son came home . He had forgot his key . He knocked on the door . His dad admonished him for not having the key .	PERSON had lost his house key . He was locked out ! he knocked , but nobody else was home . Then he remembered where his mom hid the spare key . It was under the rock on the porch !
break	Karen loved weekends best of all . Her son 's dad took little PERSON from Friday until Sunday . Karen loved PERSON , but the break was very relieving . Karen got to take bubble baths and relax . She looked forward to the weekends very much !	PERSON hated doing homework . So she constantly took breaks . Every 15 minutes , she watched TV or talked on the phone . But after an hour , she hardly got any work done . PERSON regret taking so many breaks .	PERSON takes her afternoon break at 230pm . Her friends come visit her on the roof to smoke . PERSON does n't smoke though and wishes her friends would quit . They make fun of her when she pleads with them . PERSON does n't mention the smoking anymore .	PERSON planned to take a 20 minute break from his homework . But he did n't feel very motivated to finish it . His break ended lasting 2 hours . And he struggled to finish his homework on time . PERSON regret taking such a long break .	We decided to take a break . We went our separate ways . We did n't even want to talk about it . We decided it was best to just end things . We broke up on a saturday .	PERSON was walking on the trails near her home . But it was almost 100 degrees out . She was sweating and incredibly hot . She realized she was too tired to walk back home . She was elated to find a bench in the shade where she could rest .	PERSON was planning to do her homework . But she decided to take a break . When she woke up , however , it was already the next morning . And she only finished half of her homework on the bus . PERSON decided not to be so careless about breaks .	PERSON started a job after college . It was in a huge office , and she loved it . But she missed getting fresh air like she had in school ! Then her work mates showed her the lunch quad . It was a picnic spot , full of trees and greenery !	There was a water main break in PERSON 's hometown . The city put out a Boil Water advisory . For four days , everybody had to boil all their water . It was annoying and time-consuming . PERSON was glad when the city said the water was safe again !
the movies	PERSON wanted to go to the movies . PERSON did not have too much money for the movies . PERSON asked his grandmother for some extra money . She took the money out of his allowance . PERSON enjoyed his time at the movies .	PERSON 's boyfriend , PERSON asked her to go to the movies . He wanted to take her to see the new movie , Suicide Squad . She thought she would hate it and regretted agreeing to go . Lisa actually enjoyed the movie . She was glad she went and had a great time .	PERSON 's favorite movie is Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull . The first time he saw it he was young . His father took him to his first movie . They went to the movies a lot . When PERSON had kids he decided to take them to movies too .	PERSON asked a girl to go to the movies with him . Kyle planned on asking this girl to be his girlfriend after the movies . After the movie PERSON asked the girl if they could date . The girl refused and said she just wanted to be friends . Sadly , PERSON agreed and they stayed friends .	PERSON disliked going to the movies . He heard all the loud noises and bright lights and panicked . PERSON tried to duck under the seat but his mom did n't let him . He started crying and his dad took him to the bathroom . PERSON 's parents decided he was maybe too young for the movies .	I wanted to go to the movies with my friends . When I checked my wallet , I did not have any money . I was sad because I would miss the movie . My friends had a good idea . We all decided to stay home and tell cool stories instead .	PERSON liked going to the movies with her friends . Her friends informed her that they could n't make it this time . PERSON was upset . PERSON decided to go to the movies alone . PERSON made a new friend at the movies .	Two teenagers decided to go see a movie . After the movie , they were bored . They realized that they could just walk into another movie . They knew it was wrong but did it anyways . A worker caught them sneaking in and they were kicked out .	PERSON went to the movies ! He bought a big bucket of popcorn ! He bought a large drink ! He ate until he was full . But he ate so much he ended up missing the movie !
first day of school	Yesterday was my daughter 's first day of school . She had been waiting for that day all summer long . She has so much fun at school . I was pretty excited for her return also . She was bright and early for the bus that day .	PERSON woke up very nervous for her first day of middle school . Her mom told her that she would lover her new school . While driving to school PERSON began to think about seeing her friends . As soon as she got out of the car her friends greeted her with smiles . When PERSON got home , she knew it was going to be a great year .	PERSON was starting Kindergarten today . She told her mom she was excited , but PERSON was shaking . She would n't leave the van , but her mom made her . One PERSON got to school she was very shy . Eventually she opened up , and made lots of friends on her first day .	It was the first day of school for PERSON . PERSON was going into kindergarten . PERSON met his teacher on the first day of school . He also made lots of new friends that day . Overall , he was excited to go back to school .	PERSON 's first day of high school is tomorrow and he is nervous . PERSON is determined to make high school an enjoyable experience . The next morning PERSON finally enters his new high school . He recognizes some of his old friends and does n't feel as nervous . PERSON decides that high school will not be as scary as he thought !	PERSON was incredibly excited for his first day of middle school . He had all his supplies and new clothes , and felt prepared . But the night before , he was so excited he did n't get a wink of sleep . He slept through his alarm , and was almost an hour late to school . He reflected sadly that it was n't exactly the best way to get started .	It was PERSON 's first day of school today . She was nervous and scared . PERSON made a lot of new friends . She had a great day . Now she is looking forward to going back tomorrow .	PERSON 's daughter was starting kindergarten . PERSON was excited yet nervous dropping off his daughter . PERSON 's daughter waved to him and gave him a kiss . As she took her seat , PERSON began to cry . PERSON was happy to see his daughter adjusting to her school .	Starting my first day of college was terrifying . I was not sure of my professors or the people in the class . Once class started , my fears dissipated . The class was enjoyable and the other students were friendly . I now love school and I do not get nervous anymore .
burnt toast	PERSON was making toast . He set it to medium . When the toast came out it was completely burnt . He tried other settings with no better results . Eventually PERSON bought a new toaster .	PERSON made some toast . Ultimately it got burnt . PERSON was horrified . She had to throw it away . She felt unhappy about it .	PERSON was making some breakfast . He decided to make some toast . Unfortunately his toaster did n't work well . PERSON wound up burning the toast . It created enough smoke to set off the smoke alarm .	PERSON liked to eat her toast burnt . And her friend , PERSON , decided to try it too . But a week later , he became sick . PERSON advised PERSON that burnt toast probably is n't healthy . But PERSON decided to keep her ways .	PERSON wanted to make toast . He put the bread in the toaster . He moved on to do other things . Before he knew it the bread had burnt . He was n't sure why the toaster did n't prevent it .	PERSON 's toaster has very sensitive settings . The first time his girlfriend tried to make toast it burned . She thought it would just be browned a bit . Instead it literally started a fire . The alarm went off as a reminder to buy a new toaster .	PERSON was making toast . She put some in the toaster and started watching television . The toast got stuck and started to burn . PERSON was too invested in tv to notice . Eventually the smoke alarm had to alert her .	PERSON did n't have a toaster . He only had a toaster oven . He tried to make buttered toast . He did n't time it right . PERSON wound up burning his toast .	PERSON was always forgetful . So he parents were nervous whenever he made food . PERSON put bread in the toaster and went back to his room . His parents smelled smoke and quickly turned off the toaster . PERSON was never allowed to make food by himself again .
shower	I bought some new soap for showering . It smelled like watermelon . It was a 3 in 1 , so I used it in all 3 ways . I washed my hair , used it as conditioner , then washed my body . I got out of the shower smelling like watermelon .	PERSON was in the shower . He heard someone knocking at the door . He rushed to the door . He only had a small towel . He was embarrassed but answered the door .	PERSON was nervous about gym class . She feared having to shower with the other girls . But in the locker room , she got a surprise . All the stalls had separate doors ! PERSON had had nothing to worry about after all .	The man took a shower . The hot water went cold . He still had soap in his hair . He washed his hair quickly . He was shivering when he got out of the shower .	Kia heard there was to be a meteor shower that night . She spread a blanket on her front lawn . At ten PM , she went outside and lay on it , gazing upwards . Soon meteors were racing past overhead ! Kia was awed by their beauty !	Ara went to take a shower one summer morning . But the water did not heat up , even after several minutes ! Her mom informed her that the gas was out , so the water was cold . PERSON decided that since it was summer , a cold shower was okay . After the first shock , it actually felt very good !	PERSON spent the whole day working outside . PERSON loved working all day . So when it came time for his evening shower he was reluctant . He wanted to keep working . However , PERSON new it would be better if he came in and cleaned up .	PERSON took a shower in the morning . One of his kids flushed the toilet downstairs . The water got really hot . PERSON had to run out of the shower immediately . His kid was laughing the whole time .	PERSON started college rooming with two guys and two girls . One day she was in the shower . Suddenly one of her new male roommates walked in ! He left quickly , but PERSON was mortified ! She vowed to lock the door from now on .
band	PERSON had always wanted to form his own band . After many months , PERSON was able to find band members . PERSON 's band did very well and became famous . They created a lot of good music . Now they are known throughout the globe .	PERSON loved playing her trumpet . Her band needed more low brass though . She decided to switch and play the euphonium . The band sounds much better . PERSON misses her trumpet .	PERSON played the drums and wanted to be in a band . PERSON put an add in the paper advertising her skills . PERSON waited for days and talked to a lot of different bands . PERSON finally met with one that seemed like a good fit . Soon PERSON was playing with the band and loving it .	Summer wants to join the school 's marching band . She practices long and hard at her trombone playing for auditions . The night before auditions , Summer can hardly sleep with nervousness . The next day , she gets on stage and plays her very best . That next week , Summer got a letter saying she was accepted !	PERSON wanted to go with his friend to a concert . PERSON did n't have enough money to pay for the ticket . He decided to do odd jobs around the neighborhood . PERSON was able to save money . PERSON paid for the concert ticket with a sense of pride .	PERSON was in a band with 2 guys . They got into an argument . This lasted for months . The 2 guys left the band . PERSON decided to find new members .	There 's a new band called LOCATION . The members all hate each other . The critics and fans love their music though . They try staying together for the fans . It does n't work out and they disband .	PERSON had his first band practice . He played the guitar . He messed up a few times . Nobody cared though . He made it in the band .	PERSON loved heavy metal music . She practiced playing guitar and singing everyday . Her friends were all amazed at how good she was . She formed a band . Soon enough she was on a tour of the forty eight states .
the marathon	PERSON practiced hard for the marathon . When the day came he was very prepared . He actually finished it before anybody else . It was n't until days later that he found out he cheated . He had taken a shortcut without knowing it .	PERSON was playing Mortal Kombat against his parents wishes . He usually only played the game late at night while the slept . One day his friend PERSON came over and wanted to play . They played the game quietly to avoid being caught . They quickly pretended to be reading when PERSON 's mom came in the room	PERSON was training for a marathon . He got up every morning and ran . Each morning he added extra time to his run . He did strength training too . On the day of the race , he finished in record time .	I have been training for a marathon . I am ready for the big race . I tie my shoes and start the run . I try to keep a good pace . I am so proud when I cross that finish line .	My sister told me about a breast cancer awareness marathon . I was interested so I listened to her talk about it . After a short time , me and her decided on signing up together . Race day came , and we took off to our vehicles and met up . As we exited , we saw all the runners and could n't wait to join in .	PERSON wanted to win the marathon . He trained hard for many months . Then came the day of the race and he was ready . He made it halfway and began to tire but he slowed down to recover . After he recovered he was able to finish with a person best time .	PERSON was training to enter a marathon . He jogged everyday at the local park . PERSON began to start watching his diet . PERSON was in his best shape ever on the day of the marathon . PERSON was in the top twenty finishers of the race .	PERSON was out of shape . His friends convinced him to join a marathon . It was for a good cause . PERSON refused to train and could n't finish . He was embarrassed and lost friends .	PERSON trained hard for a marathon . She jogged every day . ON the day of the marathon she was excited . She did n't win but placed higher than expected . This motivated her to try another one .
the olympics	PERSON and PERSON sat down on the couch to watch the Olympic games . First , they saw teams of volleyball players compete . After that , they saw cyclists ride to the finish line . Lastly , they watched swimmers race in the water . PERSON and PERSON decided they would watch the Olympics again .	I watched the olympics on television yesterday . There are some very talented people . I watched the men 's gymnastics tournament . I could not believe how flexible they are . The LOCATION team won .	PERSON decided to buy tickets for the Olympics . She went with her friends . They watched and rooted for their country . Their country won ! They were very happy .	I went to the olympics in 2012 . I went with some family members . We had a really great time walking around and watching the events . We all thought LOCATION was such a pretty city . We think we 'll go back again next summer .	We have been watching the olympics on television . My daughter loves the gymnastics team . She has become a little obsessed . She runs around the house doing cartwheels now . I think I may sign her up for classes .	PERSON was traveling to the Olympics in LOCATION . PERSON is a gold medalist swimmer . When stacy arrived in LOCATION , there was a rat in her hotel room . She called her coach . PERSON 's coach moved her to a new hotel room .	PERSON 's friend was an executive with the Olympic Committee . He got PERSON tickets to any event that he wanted to see . PERSON rode a bus to the Opening Ceremonies with many dignitaries . PERSON got to watch the track and field events from a suite . The closing ceremonies were great , but he was sad when they were over .	PERSON had been training for the Olympics for years . She was finally accepted ! She completed her routine spectacularly . She won for her country ! She was now famous !	Everyone in town was huddled around their televisions . The Olympics were on and the soccer team was playing for the gold . The team won and everyone cheered . It was a huge upset and they celebrated accordingly . They could n't wait until the next Games !
interview	PERSON has an interview in a couple of minutes . He has been practicing a lot . He is very confident about it . He goes to the interview . He still does n't get the job .	PERSON had a interview for a job . PERSON was very nervous . He went in there with a blazer . He messed up during it . He did not get the job .	PERSON was interviewing for her dream job at a tech company . Her interview was in ten minutes but she was stuck in traffic . She honked and tried to pass the slow cars in front of her . She saw the reason for the traffic was a stray dog stuck on the road . Rather than get to her interview , she stopped and rescued the dog .	Z scheduled an interview for her very first job tomorrow . She was nervous because she did n't have any job experience . Her family did n't want her to get her hopes up too high . When the interviewer reviewed her application , Z began to worry . When the lady asked her if she could start the Monday , Z said yes .	The man went for an interview . He felt confident . He gave a good interview . He was invited back for a second interview . He missed his second interview .	PERSON scheduled a job interview for Monday . When he got home , he dug through his closet for an outfit . He found nothing . He went to the store and purchased a new outfit . PERSON was able to show up with confidence to his job interview .	PERSON was up for a promotion . He had to go through 3 interviews before he was promoted . He had a perfect his way of interviewing by practicing . He had the interview and it was in front of three people . He did n't have to interview with others as they offered him the job .	PERSON and PERSON were two candidates for a job . PERSON was knowledgeable and intelligent . However , the hiring manager liked PERSON 's personality . The hiring manager decided to flip a coin to decide who to hire . The coin landed on heads and PERSON was hired .	PERSON had a job interview coming up . But she was worried about what to say . Her friend told her to relax and not be so serious . And the advice helped a lot . PERSON thanked her friend when she was hired .
PERSON 's cat	PERSON always wanted a cat . She asked her parents for a cat . They told her they 'd think about it . The decided to surprise her and got her a cat . She came home from school and happily found the cat .	PERSON wanted a pet . Her parents told her she needed to show she was responsible . PERSON began doing more chores around the house . Her parents agreed that she could get a small pet . PERSON went to the shelter and adopted a cat .	PERSON 's cat seemed sick . It had been acting strangely all week . She took the cat to the vet to get checked out . The vet discovered that the cat was healthy but pregnant ! PERSON soon had a litter of kittens to take care of .	Today , PERSON was on a normal walk through his neighborhood . He heard a peculiar noise in one of the bushes . It was a lonely kitten looking for food ! PERSON took the kitten home and gave him food and water . The kitten become one of PERSON 's best friends .	PERSON has a black cat . The black cat is very nice to everybody . One day the cat came up missing . PERSON and his friends looked for the cat . The cat was found in a neighbor 's garage .	PERSON had a cat he loved more than anything . At the end of the day , he loved to sit and read with his cat . But one day PERSON found his cat very ill . He was terrified she would die but he got a surprise . His cat had 6 kittens that night .	PERSON had a cat named PERSON . He loved to play with her during the day . One day , PERSON left the door to the house open and PERSON ran away . PERSON was worried sick and looked for her outside . He found her lounging on the neighbor 's porch .	PERSON bought a cute cat from the pet store . The cat did not want to eat anything . PERSON tried to feed it fish . PERSON tried to feed it pizza . Finally PERSON found out that the cat eats crackers !	PERSON had a cat , who was his pride and joy . PERSON would play with his cat everyday . Sadly , his cat ran away . PERSON was heartbroken and looked everywhere for his cat . PERSON found his cat napping on the porch !
black friday	My husband and I went to Walmart on Black Friday . We waited until a bit later , hoping the crowd had died down . There really was n't anything we needed too badly . The place was still packed when we got there . It took us about 30 minutes just to check out .	The store was full of customers for Black Friday . The employees were stressed and tension was up . So when a man stormed in , everyone jumped . He threatened them all with his gun . And he picked all the items he wanted before leaving .	PERSON ordered a new tablet off of the internet on black friday . He placed his order and entered in his credit card number . After a few days his package still did not arrive . PERSON was disappointed and called the customer service representative . They shipped him a new tablet because the other was lost in transit .	PERSON wanted to shop for black friday . There was a great deal on the ps4 . He got there and there was chaos . He was n't able to get the ps4 due to the amount of people . He waited for cyber monday .	I decided to go out shopping the night of Black Friday to get deals . I waited in a long line to be let into the store . All around me , people rushed in to get the best deals . I relentlessly looked , but there was nothing that caught my eye . I left empty , tired and disappointed .	Thanksgiving was over and it was now Black Friday . This was PERSON 's least favorite day of the year . He was forced to be stuck in a Best Buy line instead of sleeping . He hoped the Television was worth waiting six hours . When he got into the store the TV he was after had already sold out .	Two days ago , I went to Best Buy for Black Friday . I wanted to buy my parents a nice present for the holidays . The store was so crowded I was worried there 'd be no deals left . Eventually I stumbled across a TV that was heavily discounted . I ended up buying the TV for my parents .	PERSON poured over the ads . She was looking for the best Black Friday ads . She found a great deal on a TV . She decided to wait in line that night to buy it . She could n't wait to get it home !	PERSON left early to go stand in line for the big sale . PERSON was surprised at how many people were ahead of her . There was a mad rush as the doors were opened . PERSON stood back and watched while people were trampled and crushed . PERSON browsed the store calmly as the medics aided the other shoppers .
burn	PERSON laid out in the sun . She wanted a deep tan . She decided to doze off for a few hours . When she woke , she was badly burned . She had forgotten to apply sunscreen !	PERSON works in the kitchen of an upscale restaurant . He is a revered chef , and the restaurant is packed . The kitchen staff is short tonight because someone called off work . The orders are backing up . In his hurry to finish the orders , PERSON burns his hand !	PERSON was making stir fry . Her forearm got a bad burn . She applied antibiotic cream to it . Then she covered it for a few days . Soon PERSON 's burn looked much better !	I accidentally burned myself one day . I was pan-frying some chicken and accidentally touched the pan . The burn was n't that bad but hurt a lot . I ran it under cold water right away . Now I have a scare from it but it no longer hurts !	PERSON went to the beach to get a suntan . She spread out her towel and lay in the sun . But after a few minutes , she dozed off . PERSON woke up hours later to see that she 'd burned terribly . She was very angry at herself for falling asleep !	PERSON worked at a fast food restaurant . One day she burned her arm on the deep fryer . She dressed the burn with soothing gel . She kept it covered for weeks . Soon it was almost healed !	PERSON had a terrible sunburn . She went to the store for aloe lotion . At home , she smoothed it on her burn . She slept that night covered in the salve . In the morning , her burn was no longer painful .	PERSON went to the beach with her friends . She forgot to apply sunscreen . When she got home , her mom gasped . She was alarmed at PERSON 's dark sunburn ! She quickly slathered PERSON in aloe lotion .	My kettle started to shoot steam into the air . I tried to take off the stove before removing the kettle . All of a sudden , the top of the kettle popped off . All of the pressurized air moved towards my hand . I ended up getting burned .
sunburn	PERSON went to the pool . She found a chair and the perfect spot . PERSON got comfortable and fell asleep in the sun . She woke up and was sunburned . PERSON had forgotten to apply sunscreen .	Kia went to the beach with her friends . She had a great time , but forgot sunscreen ! When she got home , she saw that she had a sunburn . She applied lotion , but it still hurt . Kia 's sunburn was sore for over a week !	PERSON wanted to go to a theme park with me one day . When we went to the theme park it was very sunny outside . She told me I should put on some sun screen but I thought it was fine . There was a very nice breeze outside so it was n't very hot . After the theme park I noticed I had sunburn all over me !	PERSON and her friends went to the beach . But PERSON forgot sunscreen . And she felt too guilty to ask her friends for some . When PERSON got home , her face was red and swollen . And she regret not simply asking her friends for sunscreen .	PERSON went to the beach . He is very conscious of the sun . Usually , he wears sunscreen . He forgot it today . PERSON suffered from a very bad sunburn .	It was very sunny today . And I went on a 7 mile long walk . I felt my head and face burning . And my eyes felt weak and tired . When I finally looked at a mirror , my entire face was swollen and red .	PERSON went to the beach . He forgot to put on sunscreen . He fell asleep in the sun . He got a bad sunburn . PERSON felt miserable .	Harry went to the beach for a party . Although he forgot his sunscreen , he continued his day without it . Everyone was mostly out in the sun playing volleyball . After a few hours , PERSON received several sunburns . He had to go to the doctor to get everything checked .	PERSON had a day off work . She decided to lay out by the pool . She forgot sunscreen . She fell asleep . PERSON woke up with a second degree sunscreen .
cigarettes	PERSON had been smoking for forty Year 's . He smokes six cigarettes a day , every single day . He woke up today and decided he would quit . By two o'clock he had eaten a whole pack of nicotine patches . He was successful , he now only smokes five cigarettes a day .	PERSON had just arrived home after school . Her mom was waiting for her with an angry face . She had found PERSON 's cigarettes in her room . She lectured PERSON for a very long time . PERSON argued but it was useless and she was grounded .	The smoke was beginning to get to me . I was so frustrated as my lungs felt like they were closing up . I started coughing profusely . The man gave me an odd look . Finally , he put out his cigarette .	I found a native brand of cigarettes . It claimed to be sourced from organic tobacco . I bought some for my husband . He was wary of them at first . When he tried them , he liked them and smoked the whole pack .	My brother had a pack of cigarettes . We tried to get him to quit . He smoked one on the porch . He began to cough a lot . He threw his pack of cigarettes away .	He wanted to stop smoking . I was behind him completely . When he stopped , it was really strange . It looked like a part of him was missing . Smoking just seemed to be a definition of who he was .	Tim smoked cigarettes . PERSON 's father also smoked cigarettes . One day PERSON 's father died of lung cancer . PERSON decided to quit smoking that same day . PERSON never smoked again .	I told her no . I was afraid of getting in trouble . And it was bad for her health . My friend was underage . She wanted me to buy her cigarettes .	PERSON decided she wanted to try one of her dad 's cigarettes . She took one of his packs and flipped it into her mouth like her dad . Unfortunately , there was only loose tobacco left in the pack . She gagged on the tobacco and spit it out . PERSON never touched a cigarette again .
mouse	The cat chased the mouse . The mouse ran under the couch . The cat meowed at the couch . The owner lifted up the couch . The cat caught the mouse .	A woman found a mouse in her kitchen . She was very afraid . She grabbed a broom . She swung the broom . The mouse dodged the broom .	One day when I was little I saw a mouse . It was trapped in a big goldfish bowl . The bowl was glass so the mouse could not climb out . I told my mother . She drowned the mouse in hot water .	PERSON heard rumbling in his home . He followed the sound around the house . He determined it was mice . He set up mouse traps . He killed the mice and no longer heard mice in his home .	PERSON worked very hard online . He worked from home . He wanted to be able to work faster . He decided his mouse was slowing him down . He bought a unique mouse and improved his work speed .	PERSON needed a new computer mouse . So he went to the computer store . He found a nice mouse . He bought the nice mouse . PERSON no longer needed a mouse .	There was a mouse in my house . I set mouse traps with cheese . The mouse would not come out of the walls . I called pest control . They safely removed the mouse .	PERSON opened her dresser . She saw a mouse jump out . PERSON shrieked and jumped onto a chair . She waited till her husband came home . She was still waiting on the chair .	We lived in a housing project . The place had mice . One day I saw mouse eating bread on the table . I hit the mouse on the head with a hand broom . I was glad to get rid of this pest .
game night	My friend was treating me to a live basketball game . We had to park very far from the stadium . I 'm overweight so I had trouble walking there . When I got to our seats I had sweated through my whole outfit . I was so embarrassed I did n't enjoy the game .	PERSON 's family had a game night . PERSON lost every game . He felt like crying . His family decided that he would be score keeper . PERSON was no longer sad .	We invited friends over to play cards . They stayed through three games of spades . It was the astronauts versus the cosmonauts . The Astronauts won two games . Cosmonauts had to buy the next round .	PERSON looked forward to game night when she visited family . She excitedly picked out a game from the cabinet . Midway through the game , PERSON noticed her niece cheating . She scolded the niece , expecting the family to follow suit . Instead , PERSON 's mom turned and gave her a disapproving look .	Our family loves game night . The kids pick out the game to play . Usually we will play for an hour or two . After that it is time for bed . The kids usually want to keep playing .	Jasmine hosts a game night every Monday . Last Monday they played board games for four hours . PERSON won Monopoly , but Sue won Trivial Pursuit . At the end of the night , PERSON gave away prizes . Everyone had a great time .	We had family game night yesterday . We played about 6 different games . We are all competitive , so it was fun . We never had a night like this before . I think we will do it more often .	My family and I were playing Monopoly . PERSON was about to run out of money . He asked his mother to borrow a thousand dollars . She told him she would charge him interest . Harry did n't want to play anymore .	PERSON was having friends over to play board games . She was also going to serve snacks and drinks . She wanted everyone to have a good time . Unfortunately , no one showed up . Sue watched movies by herself instead .
smoking	A man wanted to quit smoking cigarettes . He soon saw one of his loved ones die young from cancer . He knew smoking was likely the cause . He took that as a wake up call and a message . He quit smoking and improved his life , health , and well being .	PERSON was trying to quit smoking . He bought some nicotine gum as an alternative . PERSON noticed that the nicotine gum was helping . After a month , PERSON no longer chews the nicotine gum . PERSON is now completely tobacco-free .	Our building announced a no smoking policy this month . New tenants can not smoke in their apartments . Old tenants have until June 1st to stop . My Libertarian neighbor PERSON lodged a complaint . The management offered to cancel his lease .	PERSON was a heavy smoker . He needed to quit for his health . He joined a quit club at work . All the guys encouraged each other . they helped To quit smoking for good !	My coworker is a lawyer who used to be a cop . She smoked a lot . She stopped smoking when she got pregnant . One day I saw smoking outside the building . She said she took up smoking after her baby was born .	On October 6th , the Red Cross came to our apartment building . They had a blood drive going on . I was sitting on the bench when I saw the workers come out . 4 out of 5 workers were smoking . I was amazed by this contradiction , and emailed the Red Cross .	PERSON started smoking when he was teen . PERSON is now thirty years old . PERSON now had a pregnant wife . So PERSON decided to quit his habit of smoking . It was hard but PERSON did it .	My sister-in-law has shortness of breath . She has smoked for 40 years . She said her latest CT scan showed her lungs were ok . Yet she still used an inhaler , and I was skeptical . Now she has a cough that will not stop .	PERSON smoked 2 or 3 packs of cigarettes per day . After a few years , PERSON started to get sick . His doctor told him that if he did n't stop , he would die . PERSON would n't stop smoking . PERSON got COPD and died in a few years .
the date	PERSON had a hot date . It was with a guy she met online . When she arrived at the restaurant , she did n't see him . It turned out he had lied about his appearance . He was much older and bald !	PERSON wanted to impress his new date . He invited her over for a home cooked meal . He went to the grocery and bought ingredients for lasagna . His date was smitten by his cooking skills . One year later , PERSON and his date were married .	PERSON joined a new singles club in her town . PERSON met PERSON there and they agreed to have dinner next Friday . PERSON bought a new dress and shoes . PERSON and PERSON had a great time together that night . They became engaged six months later .	PERSON was lonely and started using Internet dating sites . He started talking to a pretty girl and really liked her . They made plans to have dinner on Saturday at a fancy restaurant . PERSON 's paycheck was typed incorrectly and did n't clear so he was broke ! He took the girl to a park for a picnic instead and she loved it .	The couple had been set up by their friends . They met at a restaurant for dinner . They had a nice dinner and conversation . They decided to have dessert at a bakery . They talked until 2 am !	PERSON asked Sue out on a date . That night he took her out to a fancy restaurant . PERSON noticed their waitress was very attractive . He flirted with the waitress all night . PERSON was upset and did not go back out with PERSON .	PERSON and PERSON have been married for 25 Year 's . PERSON complained to her friends that PERSON was n't romantic . She did not expect anything from him on Valentine 's Day . On Valentine 's Day morning , he told her not to cook dinner that night . He took her on a surprise date to dinner and a movie !	I worked with an attractive girl . I was nervous asking her out . She ended up asking me out . We spent an awful evening together . We were polite but distant at work from then on .	PERSON had a date with a girl . He invited her to his house . He wanted to cook for her . He cooked some steaks and some veggies . She enjoyed the food and date and called him to date more .
discovery	One afternoon PERSON found an old chest in the attic . She pulled out paperwork with strange names on it . She confronted her mom , who admitted that PERSON was adopted . PERSON was stunned at first . Gradually , though , she calmed down and accepted it .	May had a burn from playing with a curling iron . Her mother discovered the plastic hair on the curling iron . She saw a band-aid on May 's leg . Her mother made her remove the band-aid and show her the burn . After dressing the wound her mother grounded her for a week .	It was the first time hanging out with my cousin . We went to an arcade to play a few games . We also decided to take a walk in the park . Although we 're not close , she said a lot of things . My impression of her became more positive .	The paleontologist slowly trekked along the riverside . He noticed the subtle changes in the sediment . The rocks slowly changed in frequency and type . An odd piece of stone caught his eye . He knew he was looking at a very large bone .	PERSON was out for a walk . Then she happened to find an object on the ground . She saw that it was a diamond ring ! PERSON took the ring to get appraised . The jeweler told her it was worth three thousand dollars !	Jan checked to make sure no one was around . Her two older brothers had been sneaking around the garden lately . Being a curious child , PERSON wanted to know what they were up to . She carefully opened the door to her brother 's room . Inside the back of their closet , she found several jars with spiders .	PERSON loved to drink coffee every morning . He often would drink a pot of coffee all by himself . PERSON began to get heartburn a lot . He began to drink less coffee . PERSON 's decreased coffee intake helped alleviate his heartburn .	I helped my friend Have move out of his home . I helped sell his stuff on eBay . While cleaning , he found condoms in his teenage daughter 's room . He had an argument with her . I left the house while they were fighting .	One day a scientist was trekking through the jungle . He found tripped over a mossy log . He got up and looked at the log . He saw some little ants crawling on the log . What luck , they were a new species of ants !
help	PERSON was doing bad in school . He asked his teacher if he could have some help . She agreed to tutor him after class one day a week . Together they worked to improve PERSON 's grade . And it worked - PERSON went from a D to an A !	PERSON 's uncle PERSON was an alcoholic . The whole family wanted to help him . But nobody knew how , until PERSON had an idea . She started taking him to AA meetings five nights a week . Soon PERSON was drinking less and getting his life together !	PERSON is a very kind boy . One day , he saw a poor boy near his house . PERSON asked that poor boy to play with him . They started playing football . John gifted his shoes to him and made him happy .	PERSON was driving home from work one night . He saw a girl pulled to the side of the road . The girl 's tire was flat . PERSON pulled over and helped her change her tire.q The girl thanked him gratefully .	The man looked for help . He could not find any . He posted a sign on his door . A customer saw it . The man hired the customer .	PERSON 's little brother needed help with his math homework . But PERSON 's mom worked a lot and had little time to help him . So PERSON took it on herself . Every day she tutored him . Soon he had really improved in math !	PERSON was riding bikes with her friend PERSON . Suddenly , PERSON fell off the bike and scraped hurt her knee . She cried and told PERSON to get help . PERSON biked to her mother 's house and explained the situation . It was n't long before PERSON was bandaged up and brought home .	The neighbor came over to check on us yesterday . I answered the door nervously . He asked if everything was ok with us . I told him everything was fine . He said to call him if we needed anything , and I agreed with relief .	PERSON was bad at math but needed to do well on the upcoming test . His friend PERSON was great at math so PERSON asked for help . For a whole week PERSON helped him . When it was time to take the test , PERSON felt confident . When he found out he got an A , he thanked PERSON for his help .
the spider	PERSON loved to tease his sister , PERSON . One day , PERSON was delighted to find a plastic spider at a store . After purchasing it , he hurried home to place it on PERSON 's desk . He waited around the corner until she went to her desk . He found her screams hilarious !	PERSON went into his room one morning and saw a giant spider by a hole . He stood there thinking of how to kill it without getting bit . He ended up taking too long and the spider hid in the hole . After waiting awhile he finally gave up and sprayed bug spray by it . The next morning he found the spider dead outside the hole .	PERSON saw something out of the corner of her eye . It was a giant spider ! She tiptoed out of the room , looking for something to hit it with . She came back in with a dictionary . She gave the spider a big whack and smashed it .	PERSON felt something run across her foot . It was a giant spider ! She swatted it away . It ran under her bed . She could not sleep that night .	PERSON was terrified of spiders . She was taking a shower and saw a spider in her bathroom . PERSON through on her clothes and ran into the living room . She waited for her husband to get home . She stayed out of the bathroom until he killed the spider .	The spider crawled up the wall . The woman screamed when she saw it . SHe asked her husband to smash it . He tried , but the spider jumped at him . The man cried and ran away .	PERSON had a pet named PERSON . PERSON was a tarantula . PERSON would take PERSON with him in a little clear box . One day PERSON escaped from the box . PERSON found PERSON in his mother 's purse that night .	There once was a little black spider . With red on her belly and back . She liked to eat bugs from the webs that she supn . She injected them with venomous fangs . She was a very good spider till she was eaten by a bird .	PERSON hated spiders . She found one in the bathroom . She screamed and ran out . PERSON 's boyfriend ran to see what the problem was . PERSON got him to get rid of the spider .
the show	I got dumped the day my favorite band was coming to town . I did n't feel like going . I thought I 'd regret it if I did n't . I forced myself to , yet I could not enjoy myself . I left early .	PERSON waited three months for tonight 's concert . She was going to go see PERSON perform live at the theater . PERSON was her favorite pop music artist . His performance on stage was more than what PERSON had expected . She enjoyed herself at his show .	The family had waited all year for this night . Their favorite show was coming back ! They sat on the sofa and waited . The show popped up on the screen and they cheered . They could n't wait to see what had happened !	The school was putting on a talent show . All the students were very excited . They gathered on the stage and performed their routines . PERSON won first place with her singing performance . All the students felt very accomplished .	A friend asked if I wanted to go to the PERSON show . I said yes . She bought them . They were shockingly , outrageously expensive . I ended up selling my ticket for a small profit .	They were making a show about PERSON 's favorite books . She waited anxiously to see the show . As she watched she felt cheated . None of the characters looked like they did in the book . In the end she decided to stick to the books and ditch the show .	PERSON was angry . His friends all went to the PERSON PERSON concert without him ! He decided to send them a text and tell them how he felt . He texted a horrible message to all of them . They texted back that they had invited him and he had never responded .	PERSON and PERSON went to see a LOCATION show . It was their first time seeing one so they were so excited . During the show they had a great time . They talked about how great the show was afterwards . PERSON and PERSON decided to see another show on LOCATION soon .	The band was playing a concert in a loud bar . The patrons could not hear them playing at all . The band leader asked the manager if he could turn up the speakers . The manager refused and told him to get back to playing . In protest the band just pretended to play their set .
a day at the beach	PERSON had worked hard all week . She really wanted to get away and relax . She called a friend , convincing him to go to the beach with her . It was a beautiful sunny , warm day . They had a fun day at the shore .	PERSON went to the beach with her kids . They had a lot of fun making sand castles . Her kids even swam in the ocean for the first time ! They made a lot of good memories together swimming and having fun . PERSON was glad that she took her kids to the beach .	PERSON and PERSON took PERSON 's truck to the beach . Before they knew it the wheels started to sink in the wet sand . PERSON was worried , but PERSON knew just what to do . PERSON put the truck into four wheel drive and backed up carefully . PERSON was grateful for four wheel drive when they arrived home safely .	PERSON likes to go to the beach . The other day he decided to go there and took some friends with him . They spent their day at the beach kayaking . Afterwards they had a picnic lunch on the shore . At the end of the day they were very tired .	PERSON spent a day at the beach . He swam a bit in the water then came ashore . PERSON spread out a blanket on the sand . He laid down on the blanket and fell asleep . PERSON woke up with a sunburn .	PERSON went to the beach with his family . It was a chilly day . PERSON stood on some rocks watching the waves . A huge wave hit the rock and shot water high above the rocks . PERSON got drenched .	One day I went to the beach . It was a sunny day , so the sand was hot . I was so excited to arrive I kicked off my shoes and ran for the sand . My feet got burned . I had to jump in the water quickly to get rid of the pain .	The PERSON family went to the beach . They put up their tent shelter because the sun was hot . The wind started to blow . The wind picked up their tent shelter and blew it down the beach . The tent legs were broken and the PERSON had no more shade .	Yesterday I looked out the window and saw how sunny it was . I packed up my sunscreen and towel . Then I jumped into my car and headed to the coast . I spent the day running through the sand and playing in the water . When I got home I took a shower and went to bed .
broken	A bully pushed PERSON down in the school yard . Her glasses fell off her face into the dirt . Then the bully stepped on them ! PERSON 's mom frowned when she saw the shattered lens . She made PERSON pay for the new lens out of her allowance .	PERSON is always relying on her cellphone . She uses it for everything in her life . Yesterday , she was getting into her car and her phone fell . The LCD screen broke and she was really mad about it . Luckily , she had insurance and replaced it with a new one .	PERSON thought it was a good idea to wash the blankets on his bed . He load the washing machine as full as it would go . He put soap in the washer and shut the lid . Later he went to get the clothes out of the washer . The load was to full and PERSON broke the washing machine .	PERSON broke his rib in a basketball game next week . The doctors said he 'll be out for 8 weeks . He ca n't even sit still for two minutes . He decided to join the table tennis club . He finally found another sense of family !	PERSON was playing football in gym class . She ran to catch the ball . But it struck her in the nose , hard ! PERSON 's nose ended up being broken ! She had to wear a bandage for a month .	PERSON 's ceiling fan was broken . He wanted to try to save money by fixing it himself . While trying , though , he fell and broke his arm . The hospital bill ended up costing more than the repair would have . He went ahead and hired a repairman after that .	PERSON needed an egg for her cake mix . Luckily , she had one left . But as she grabbed it from the fridge , it fell and broke ! PERSON had to make the cake without an egg . It tasted edible , but not very good .	Today , PERSON broke his television . He felt bad about his actions . He tried making up to his parents by cleaning his room . He also folded all of his clothes . Despite his efforts his parents still grounded him .	PERSON was running through the house when he knocked something over . He looked down to see his mom 's angel statue broken on the ground . PERSON was crying when he went to tell his mom what happened . PERSON and his mom gathered the pieces and glued them back together . PERSON smiled as he put the angel back where she belonged .
birthday cake	PERSON had a birthday and went to his favorite restaurant . He told the waiter it was his birthday . As a gift the waiter bought PERSON a slice of cake . There were no candles so the waiter stuck matches in it . The waiter did not sing so PERSON sang to himself .	PERSON was at a child 's birthday . He was very bored . He cut the cake and ate a piece . It was delicious , so he ate another . All total , PERSON ate over half of the child 's birthday cake .	The mom bought a birthday cake from the store . It was her daughter 's birthday party tonight . As she was retrieving the cake from the car it spilled on the ground . She rushed back to the grocery store . The baker was able to design a cake in a matter of minutes .	Sue 's birthday was coming up . She wondered if anyone else at work knew . On her birthday , her co-workers surprised her with a birthday cake . They sang happy birthday and everyone ate cake . PERSON was happy that her co-workers had celebrated with her .	PERSON wanted to bake his brother a birthday cake . He made the cake and put it in the oven . He misread the time on the recipe and left it in too long . The cake caught on fire and was totally ruined . PERSON 's poor brother was very sad .	PERSON did not like birthday cake . His girlfriend knew that . His favorite sweet was cookies . So she make him a cookie cake . PERSON was so surprised and loved it .	For her birthday , PERSON 's dad was going to bake a cake for her . He 's never baked a cake in his life . PERSON requested a blueberry cake . Her dad spent all night baking . It was the best cake PERSON ever had !	PERSON 's 6 year old niece was obsessed with The Little Mermaid . PERSON made cakes for all her family 's birthdays . Unsurprisingly , the girl asked for Little Mermaid themed cake . PERSON was nervous , as she had never made a character cake before . But she found great instructions online , and made an amazing cake .	I accidentally burned my friend 's birthday cake . The party was today , and I did n't have time to cook another . Panicking , I ran to the store and bought a cake . When I got to the party , I told her I had made it . Everyone was impressed , and they never found out I bought it .
homecoming	I went to the homecoming dance to hang out with friends . At the dance , my crush asked me to dance with her . It was great fun as we danced to PERSON PERSON . My friend taunted me because they were jealous . It was the best homecoming dance I 've ever attended .	PERSON was upset . She did n't have a date for Homecoming . The night before the dance , her friend PERSON called her . He suggested they go together . PERSON was relieved to have a date .	PERSON wanted to surprise her husband who was coming home from the army . She thought of what her husband would want . She bought him a new tv because she knew that he watched a lot of tv . PERSON came home and was surprised at the new tv . However , PERSON had bad news which was he had to go back in a month .	PERSON could not wait to see her family . She had been away at college for a whole semester . She was going home as soon as her last exam was over . When she got home , everyone was waiting . It was the best welcome .	PERSON was so excited . Today was the day her husband PERSON was coming home . He 'd been away at war for the past eighteen months . She drove to the airport to pick him up . They were reunited and greeted each other with a kiss .	We arrived at the airport very early in the morning . We waited by the gate . From the escalators my dad appeared ! We ran to give him a big hug . We walked together to the car to drive home .	It was PERSON 's sophomore year of high school . The school homecoming was approaching . PERSON really wanted to be on the homecoming court . She campaigned amongst her peers hoping they would vote for her . The big day arrived and PERSON had won the vote !	PERSON was excited to visit her childhood home . However , when she got there , something was wrong . Her parents had taken all of her old stuff out of her old room . They thought it would be more useful as a TV room . PERSON felt devastated and unloved because of this .	PERSON was surprised that she was nominated for Homecoming court . She was embarrassed at first . She was afraid that the other kids would look at her differently . Then friends explained that they voted for her because she is nice . PERSON felt much better about her nomination .
rain	PERSON had to walk to her second job after work . When she came out of work it was raining out ! She was worried because she had to walk nearly three blocks ! She told me she tried to run but was worried she 'd slip . She ended up making it to work but was all wet !	PERSON went to the park . It was supposed to be a nice and sunny day . All of a sudden it started to thunder . Soon it was raining and PERSON was soaking wet . Now PERSON has to go home and change clothes .	PERSON was moving to LOCATION . He noticed that it had been raining all week . He asked a cab driver how often the sun came out . The cab driver just left . PERSON looked out the window at the rain pouring down .	It rained hard . The roof started leaking . They put a bucket under the leak . The bucket got kicked over . The floor got soaked .	PERSON was looking forward to the camping trip on Saturday . It had been raining hard all Friday . PERSON was worried the trip would be cancelled . He woke up early Saturday to check to weather . He was thrilled to see the sun was shining .	One day PERSON wanted to go jogging in the rain . She quickly put on her raincoat and a pair of red rain boots . She ran for almost two miles , before a flash of thunder struck a tree . The tree fell five feet in front of her and almost landed on her head . PERSON became frighten and ended her rainy day jog .	As I was driving to work , it started to rain . This made me mad because I had just washed my car the day before . The was a pothole full of mud in the middle of the road . I could n't help but drive over it , making my car dirty again . I was even madder now , because I had to wash my car again .	PERSON went for a walk one summer day . It suddenly started pouring down rain . PERSON looked around for shelter . She ran to a pavilion to avoid getting wet . When the rain stopped , she finished her walk in the park .	The storm clouds rolled in . They were dark and full of rain . The smell of wet dirt came first on the wind . Then the pat pat sound of drops on the earth . The rain was wonderful .
detention	Sue had never gotten in trouble . One day she was talking in class and her teacher noticed . Sue was given a warning . She kept talking . Sue finally got her first detention ever .	She received a week of detention . She decided not to go any of the days . She was called to the office . He asked why she did n't show up . She said she did n't care very flippantly .	PERSON got detention . She snuck out of detention . Her teacher caught her sneaking out . She gave her twice as much detention . PERSON finished her detention .	The little boy was being punished for spitting spitballs in class . He was waiting after school at detention . His teacher made him write `` I am sorry '' one hundred times . When he left he was so upset he did n't look while crossing the road . The bus slammed on the brakes but could n't stop in time .	I was sitting in detention . I decided to talk to my friend behind me . The teacher got angry because I was talking . She gave me another week of detention . I learned that I needed to stay completely silent during detention .	PERSON was in middle school . She was told to stop talking by her teacher . She kept talking . Her teacher wrote her up . PERSON received detention for her behavior .	PERSON was late to school too many times . As a result her teacher gave her detention . PERSON was nervous about that . She walked into the classroom . She was forced to be quiet for an hour .	PERSON was a bad kid . He was always getting in trouble . He got a detention for using his cell phone in class . He sat in detention and felt angry . He thought his teacher had been unfair .	Joy never got in trouble at school . She was considered to be the perfect student . After a long week , she fell asleep in class . Instead of asking her if everything was ok , the teacher wrote her up . Joy had never been so embarrassed and luckily got a warning .
college	The first year of college was the fun . I wanted to stay in school forever . I need to decide what to do with my life soon . I want to get a job and start earning money . I 'm excited to get out into the real world .	It 's time for finals next week . I have been busy studying for the past few days . I hope to do well on my exams . I have been taking practice tests and using flashcards . I am confident that I will ace the tests .	PERSON was excited to start college . She had picked out her dorm . She bought her new bedding . She had met her roommate . She was determined college was going to be great .	Signing up for college is very challenging . There is a lot of paperwork you need to fill out and send in . You have to write the best essay of your life for strangers to judge . Then you wait , sometimes for weeks , to hear back from anyone . The day you get into college is one of the best days of your life .	PERSON was deciding on a college major . He was debating between engineering and computer science . He narrowed it down between those two . Both of these offered the best career prospects . He was still a freshman but knew his future would be prosperous .	PERSON wanted to go to college but did n't know his major . He did research based on his hobbies and skills . He found that he really liked computers and fixing hardware . He found a college with a great electrical engineering program as well His entire family was proud that he was finally going to college .	Teddy breezed through high school with almost all As . He thought college would be easy . After this first biology test , he realized he was wrong . He had to study for hours every day just to get Cs . He realized he was n't as smart as he thought he was .	PERSON was about to graduate from high school . He was unsure of what college to attend . Arnold researched several different schools . He chose five schools he loved and applied to all . Arnold later learned he was accepted into his top choice .	It was PERSON 's first day of college . She got her schedule and a map . At each class , she found a great seat near the front . She met a couple cool people on each side of her seat . When the day ended , she went back to the dorm and started to study !
dentist	PERSON had a dentist appointment because his teeth were damaged . PERSON got stuck in traffic on the highway . PERSON was an hour late . Once he arrived he found out that they could n't keep the appointment . He rescheduled for the following day .	I had an appointment to see the dentist . I had a tooth which had been hurting . He told me he would need to pull the tooth . I was very nervous , but the dentist was very caring . I got through the procedure with minimal pain .	Yesterday my wife had a dental appointment . She needed a filling . She took mass transit downtown to her dentist . Luckily the filling was small and the procedure was quick . My wife returned home happy .	The dentist had to give me fillings . The needle was so painful . But the gas was nice . It took him about 30 min . Now I have a new shiny silver tooth .	My tooth hurt . I went to see the dentist . He told me that I had a cavity in one tooth . He filled my tooth . My tooth does n't hurt anymore .	I had to go to the dentist yesterday . I brushed my teeth vigorously right before the appointment . The dentist said my teeth looked clean , but I had a cavity . I got a filling and the cavity is fixed . I can not eat anything for 3 hours until the filling is settled .	PERSON was very afraid of the dentist . One time when he went , the doctor pulled his tooth out . There was also a lot of blood . With fear , PERSON went into the dentist 's office . There was no pain and now PERSON is not afraid of the dentist .	PERSON had a dentist appointment . It was her first one , and she was afraid . But the dentist was very kind to her . He made PERSON very relaxed . She was never again scared to visit the dentist !	PERSON had a cavity that was causing her severe pain . A large part of her tooth was missing , so she went to the dentist . She was extremely nervous , but the pain was too bad to handle . When the tooth was pulled , she was surprised how painless it was . She realized she had been scared for nothing .
apple picking	PERSON went apple picking . She took a bushel with her . She filled it as she walked among the apple trees . At the end she paid for her bushel . She had collected over a hundred apples !	PERSON went apple picking with his mother . He spent the entire afternoon picking apples . He had a huge basket of apples at the end of the day . PERSON and his mother made an apple pie later that night . The pie turned out to be delicious !	PERSON 's favorite fall activity was to go apple picking . Her mom drove her to the local orchard . Hailie picked some Macintosh first . Then she decided to pick some Gala apples . She filled her bag all the way up to the top .	PERSON loves to go apple picking . She gets to go with her grandparents . This year , they went to a different orchard . The orchard was filled with a lot of apples . PERSON picked a whole bushel full of apples .	It was a beautiful fall day and the Smiths went apple picking . They traveled to their favorite orchard . It took about an hour to get there but it was worth it . As soon as they got there they started picking . But the time they were done they picked 100 apples .	PERSON and her friends went apple picking . They ran through the orchard . The girls picked up a few buckets of apples . When they got home they made pie . They were happy they got apples .	I went apple picking with my sweetheart the other day . We had a great time picking apples . She fell and dropped her basket . Her apples spilled all over the ground . We had to clean them off before we ate them !	PERSON decided to go apple picking . She took her friend PERSON with her . The two filled up buckets . Before they knew it they filled three . They made apple pies when they got home .	PERSON 's class went to an apple orchard . She came home with a big basket of apples . She and her mother made an apple pie together . The family had it for dinner that night . It was delicious !
tennis	PERSON wanted to play tennis . She had never played before . She decided to take lessons . She got better . She finally joined a team .	I played my friend in tennis . He was not very good . I taught him how to play better . He began to beat me at tennis . I decided I needed more practice .	PERSON is really bad at playing tennis . PERSON really wants to get good so he practices all day and night . After a couple of months of practicing , PERSON gets very good . Now that PERSON is very good at tennis everyone likes PERSON . PERSON is glad he practiced so hard at tennis .	PERSON tried out for the tennis team at school . He did n't make the team this year . His coach told him he needed to work on becoming faster . All winter long PERSON worked on his speed . The next summer PERSON tried out again and made the team .	Fran watched a tennis game on television . He was impressed by the players ' technique and power . Fran bought tennis equipment and learned how to play . Fran played a match with one of his friends . And when he won , he imagined himself as one of the player 's on TV .	I beat my best friend . He was a little better than me . I got taught a trick from someone who played high school tennis . I practiced with him for an hour . The trick worked better than expected .	PERSON was trying to play tennis . It was too hot outside . He grew tired . While his family continued to play , he found a shady spot . His family found him asleep in the shade .	I had a tennis match tonight . I had practiced all week . I still missed a lot of shots . I decided I needed more practice . I lost my match .	PERSON was playing tennis with his dad . At first he thought tennis looked easy . But then he began to play ! PERSON swung and swung , but he missed every ball . He realized tennis was a lot harder than he 'd thought .
the flu	The sickness started out just like any other . A few people were sick , and then a few more . But then , those people began dying , faster and more violently . The epidemic swept across the globe , leaving destruction everywhere . The last human beings alive were stationed at the ISS in outer space .	PERSON woke up one morning not feeling well . She had a runny nose and her muscles hurt . She went to the doctor and he told her she had the flu . She went and got medicine and orange juice . She began to feel better in a couple days .	PERSON almost never got sick . One winter she got really sick . She did n't know what it was . The doctors found out it was the flu . PERSON still believes she almost never gets sick .	I woke up feeling very sick . I had a fever , aches , and a runny nose . I went to the doctor to find out what was wrong . My doctor told me that I had the flu . I slept a lot for three days until I finally felt better .	My friend was not feeling well . She was diagnosed with the flu . I brought her hot soup so she would feel better . I felt sick a few days later and I went to the doctor . I was diagnosed with the flu .	PERSON kept getting the flu every year . It began to really affect him emotionally . He decided to get the flu shot at his doctor 's office . his doctor administered the flu shot . PERSON did n't get the flu that year .	PERSON got sick with the flu . He tried to stay away from everyone . Unfortunately his girlfriend got sick too . She spread it to people at work . PERSON felt responsible for it all .	PERSON was never sick usually . One day , PERSON got a horrible flu . He was in bed for 5 days , nauseous and ill . He thought he might never get better . But by the 6th day he started to feel better , and returned to school .	PERSON came down with the flu . PERSON was sad because she could n't go to school . PERSON decided to rest well at home so she could recover . PERSON 's flu went away after one week . Finally , lisa could go back to school !
the fishing trip	PERSON went fishing in the ocean . The waves were really big from a storm that was coming . PERSON got really sick and was not having fun . He was relieved after they finally made it back to shore . PERSON decided he was n't going on a boat any time soon .	PERSON was going on his very first fishing trip with his dad ! He had packed his fishing rod and his tackle box . PERSON 's dad taught him how to bait his hook and cast the line . Soon , PERSON felt a tug on his line ! PERSON reeled in his very first fish on his first fishing trip !	PERSON went in a fishing trip . There were many fish in the lake ! PERSON used worms as bait . He caught a huge catfish . He went home and cooked the tasty catfish for dinner !	The boat was all set and ready to leave the dock . PERSON and his brothers were about to go deep sea fishing . PERSON had wanted go fishing for as long as he could remember . They all had a great time and even caught some nice fish . PERSON had such a great time and knew that his brothers did as well .	PERSON and his father went on a fishing trip for the weekend . On Saturday morning they got up early and went to the clear lake . They waited for hours , but the fish were n't biting . Just as they were preparing to leave , PERSON got a tug on his rod . He ended up catching the biggest fish his father had ever seen .	My brother and I went fishing early one morning . My brother begins catching fishes . I was n't even getting a bite . Finally a big bass caught my hook and went swimming into deep water . One jerk from me , my line broke and my only fish got away .	PERSON went on a fishing trip with his friends . He got sick on the trip . His friends had to return to land . PERSON 's girlfriend picked him up at the dock . PERSON was upset his missed his trip .	PERSON and dan wanted to get away . They decided to go fishing . They picked a quiet spot off the coast . They fished all day long and stayed the night . It was a trip to remember for both guys .	PERSON went on a fishing trip with PERSON . PERSON got a bite and told PERSON to get the net . PERSON rushed up too quick and fell into the lake . PERSON laughed as the fish let go of his line . The two men returned home with no fish .
the kitten	PERSON bought a pet for his daughter . It was an adorable little kitten . She loved to pet it and snuggle with it . PERSON did n't like cats but he was glad she was happy . He knew it was the perfect gift for her .	I always wanted a pet . I finally decided to get one . I went to the pet store . I saw a pretty kitten . I decided to buy the kitten !	PERSON got a pet kitten . It was very tiny and cute . She was having a lot of fun with it . But then it started staying up all night and playing loudly . PERSON was soon very tired and regretted getting the cat !	PERSON found a kitten on his way home from school . He picked the kitten up and took it home . He fed the kitten and got the kitten water . He took it to the vet the next day to get it checked out . He ended up adopting the kitten and drove home with it .	PERSON had just gotten a new kitten . She was so excited to have it . PERSON decided left the kitten alone for a few minutes . The kitten scratched up her leather couch while she was gone . PERSON was not as excited anymore to have a kitten .	PERSON had to move to a senior living home . She had a hard time making friends with the residents . PERSON started to become depressed and lonely . Her daughter went and bought her a kitten for a companion . PERSON was thrilled to have a kitten and her depression went away .	A woman wanted a cat to keep her company . Her coworker told her to come to her house . A momma cat had given birth to kittens . The woman picked up the black manx kitten . The two have been inseparable since .	PERSON desperately wanted a kitten . Her mom would not allow any pets . PERSON saw a stray outside a hid it inside her shirt . She brought the kitten inside and fed it . PERSON kept the kitten for nearly two weeks before her mom found it !	PERSON 's neighbor 's , PERSON PERSON , cat gave birth to a litter of kittens . Only kitten survived being born . PERSON PERSON promised to give it to her if she did good in school . Every night , PERSON studied hard and long every day . When PERSON showed PERSON PERSON her report card , the kitten was now hers .
paintball	Kia went to play paintball with her dad . He made it sound like fun . But when they arrived , Kia got a shock . The paintballs hurt very badly ! Kia quit the game right away !	PERSON had some friends who were really into paintball . PERSON had never been . They took him to a paintball tournament that weekend . PERSON had the time of his life ! Now PERSON goes to paintball two weekends a month without fail !	PERSON peaked around the corner . He was on the lookout for anyone that might be following him . The coast was clear and he breathed a sigh of relief . PERSON looked at his gun to ensure it was fully loaded . He loved playing paintball on the weekends more than anything .	PERSON was playing paintball with her boyfriend . She had never played paintball before . PERSON got shot several times during the match . Her skin made welts where she was hit . PERSON decided never to play paintball again .	The boys decided to go play paintball . They went down to a local location . They split up into two teams . They then decided to play capture the flag . Everyone had fun and was covered in paint .	PERSON went to play paintball with his friends . He thought it would be fun . But he was in for a surprise . Getting hit with paintballs was painful , not fun ! PERSON woke up covered in bruises the next day !	PERSON was going with his friends to play paintball . He was excited cause he got a new paintball gun . His friends finally picked him up . PERSON was ready to play . PERSON barely started and was shot already .	PERSON had never played paintball . I took PERSON to play for her first time . When I shot her with a paint ball she began to cry . The paintball left a bruise . PERSON says she will never play paintball with me again .	I played paintball in the woods . I crossed the enemy lines . I was with two teammates . An enemy player popped up from the bushes . We surrendered .
the cabin	This fourth of July , our family went up state to a cabin on a lake . We surfed behind a boat . We also went fishing and I caught a 10 pound northern pike . The end of the week came , and it was time to drive home . We all can not wait to come back again .	A bunch of teenagers went to the woods . They stayed at a cabin . The cabin was very dark . Some girls got scared . They decided to go home .	I slowly drove down the lane to the cabin . It had been quite a while since I was last here . I parked and walked onto the porch . I opened the front door . A raccoon ran out of the door , and gave me quite a scare .	This week we went to the family cabin . We all had to pitch in and clean when we got there , it was so dirty . There were cobwebs and dust everywhere . There was even a giant spider . We did n't smash the spider though , we put it outside .	PERSON and his friends were renting a cabin in the woods . The cabin had been really cheap . When they arrived , they realized it had n't been kept up . There were bugs and rodents in the cabin . PERSON and his friends demanded their money back .	PERSON likes to go to his hunting cabin . His cabin is located high in the mountains . They have no electricity up there . He likes the solitude . PERSON really enjoys being alone .	PERSON loved to go to the cabin . His family went there every summer . This summer when they arrived at the cabin . PERSON seen there was a hole in the wall . He cut down a tree and fixed it .	PERSON went for a trip to his cabin . When he got there and it was unlocked . He walked away , frightened of what might be in there . He ran to his car as he heard loud laughter coming from the cabin . PERSON never went back there again .	Wanting a new life , PERSON bought a plot of forest land . The first day he had it , he decided to build a cabin . He decided to build the cabin himself , from trees on the land . He immediately started cutting down large trees . By the end of the first day , he had enough wood to start building .
mom	My mom PERSON is 92 and in good health . She has always been very careful what she says around people . She has lost her filter and now says what is on her mind . She tells me that I am overweight and that my son is heavy . These hurt but I know she is getting older and says what she want .	PERSON has a boyfriend . They had sex unprotected . She ended up having a baby . She decided to keep it . She 's now a mom .	Ada had just had a baby . At first she felt overwhelmed . She did not feel qualified to be a mother ! But as she learned about her baby , she changed her mind . Soon PERSON realized that being a mom was her favorite job in the world !	PERSON 's mom was dying . He knew she always wanted to go to LOCATION with his dad . So PERSON booked a flight to LOCATION for his dad and mom . Payed for their hotel and their other expenses . PERSON was glad to hear from his dad that she was having a good time .	PERSON missed her mother . She sent her mother a message to tell her that . Her mother did not believe it . PERSON rarely said nice things to her mom . PERSON decided to be be nicer in the future .	PERSON felt unappreciated as a wife and mother . She raised three small kids but never got any thanks . Then on Mother 's Day , she got a long , handwritten card . It stated everything she 'd done and thanked her profusely ! The recognition almost made PERSON sob with gratitude !	I got into the car and put my keys in the ignition . As I started the car , my son was finishing his drink . Suddenly I heard the word mom come from the four year old boy . I froze and burst into tears . Since he has apraxia , that was the first time he 'd ever called me mom .	PERSON had a basketball game to play in . His mom asked him where it was so she could come and watch . PERSON told her not to come because she cheers too loudly . His mom assured him that she would try not to do that . At the game , his mom screamed his name all night , embarrassing PERSON .	PERSON and PERSON were married only a month ago . They were so happy getting used to the married life . At least they were happy until PERSON 's mom moved in . She treated PERSON and PERSON both like children . Thanksgiving was awkward this year after PERSON kicked her out .
drawing	PERSON loves to draw . But she wanted to get better at drawing . So she began taking lessons on how to draw . She finished the drawing course in 6 weeks . PERSON loves to draw even more now that 's trained to do so .	I was always interested in animated films as a kid . I watched lots of movies with talking animals . I drew all the time . My art style was influenced by animation . Now I 'm a cartoonist .	Raven drew some doodles . People in her class all watched her . They really liked it . They started asking her to draw for them . She got money for it .	PERSON drew a picture in her notebook . PERSON saw the picture over her shoulder . PERSON asked PERSON to draw a picture of him . PERSON drew PERSON with big muscles . PERSON hung the drawing in his home .	PERSON thought she would never be good at drawing . But she noticed that other artists spent more time drawing than she . PERSON decided to draw more often . And she became more confident in her drawing ability . Years later , PERSON was glad her persistence paid off .	PERSON 's goal was to learn how to draw well . He read books about perspective , shading , and anatomy . But whenever he practiced drawing , he was disappointed in his results . Eventually , he became too frustrated and never drew again . A year later , he thought of how much progress he could have made .	PERSON was in art class . She was supposed to draw a shoe . Her art teacher saw her drawing . He said it was the best in the class . He gave her bonus points .	I was drawing at my house with a friend . I wanted to draw a wolf . My friend drew one really well . I was sad that I could n't draw that well . Fortunately , my friend decided that he would teach me to draw .	PERSON wished she could draw a beautiful horse for her mother . She tried a few times and failed miserably . She found a video on the internet that taught her how to draw one . She watched the video and practiced a lot . PERSON now has a beautiful horse picture to give to her mother .
hospital	PERSON learned of bad news . He found out his mom was in the hospital . He raced to the hospital . He found her room . She was stable .	My friend PERSON was married for 71 years . The couple was hospitalized once when they were in their 80s . The both had to stay in the same hospital . Luckily both were discharged . PERSON was so happy he wrote a poem about it .	After the bike accident , my son was rushed to the hospital . They kept me in the insurance room , asking questions . I yelled at them to let me see my son . I found my son being treated for multiple breaks and abrasions . They told me he was going to be ok , and I was relieved .	She knew she needed to go to the hospital . She grabbed her keys and a bag . She put a towel down in the seat . She leaked on it all the way there . She was starting to go into labor .	PERSON had to drive past the hospital on her ride home . There was rarely any traffic around . Today there were more cars . They were all trying to avoid the traffic on the main streets . PERSON was not happy with the traffic , but at least it was moving fast .	PERSON went to the hospital to see his dying mother who had cancer . PERSON saw children who had cancer as well . PERSON was saddened that they got cancer at a young age . PERSON wanted to help them in any way . PERSON cheered them up , lifting up their spirits .	PERSON was in the hospital for tonsil surgery . He was extremely nervous for his first ever surgery . On the day of the surgery , the doctors put him to sleep . When PERSON woke up he was given his favorite ice cream . PERSON thought that maybe his trip to the hospital was n't all too bad .	PERSON was at the hospital . He was there to visit his brother . His brother was having eye surgery . A doctor came out and told PERSON everything was fine . PERSON was relieved and went to go chat with his brother .	I was sent to the emergency room because I was cutting . They carried me on a bed from the ambulance , strapped in . The room they put me in was next to the nurse 's station . I could hear them laughing at me through the open door . I wonder if nurses see so much that they lose empathy .
sleep	PERSON woke up to a buzzing alarm . He groggily hit the snooze button and went back to sleep . It was n't long before the alarm went off again . Annoyed , PERSON turned the phone off and threw it . He ended up sleeping in until noon that day .	PERSON could n't sleep . He tossed and turned , but it was no use . No position seemed to be comfortable . Finally , PERSON tried counting backwards from two-hundred . Before he realized it , he was fast asleep .	Three year old PERSON did n't want to go to bed . She asked her mother to read a bedtime story . This always helps her to fall asleep . PERSON fell asleep before her mother got to finish the story . PERSON slept all night .	I could n't fall asleep . I lied in bed for hours with no success . I decided to take some nighttime cough medicine . The cough medicine made me sleepy . I finally went to sleep .	I had insomnia for years . I finally decided to do something about it . I went to a sleep clinic . I had to stay overnight . They told me the next day that I had apnea .	I could n't sleep and was tossing and turning all night . I got up and walked around the yard to try and burn some energy . Midnight passed and I was still wide awake . Finally around 2 am I started to get tired . I slept in the next day .	PERSON was going through sleep paralysis . He heard its possible to have a wake induced lucid dreaming . He tried to do it while under sleep paralysis . It did not work . His body started moving again .	PERSON woke up at a red light . This was the second time that this had happened this week . He told his mom so that she could schedule a doctor 's appointment . When they arrived , the doctor explained what narcolepsy is . Now PERSON only wakes up in his bed .	PERSON got lost in the woods . His phone and flashlight died . He kept searching for hours . He ended up having to sleep in the woods . He left it the next day .
video game	PERSON wanted to play a video game . His mom informed him that he needed to do his chores . PERSON cleaned his bedroom . PERSON did the dishes . PERSON was able to play his video game .	PERSON wanted a new video game . He asked his friends for recommendations . His friends suggested the new fighting game . PERSON bought that game , and he loved it . He was happy he had listened to the recommendations !	PERSON was playing a video game . Her dad asked her if she had any studying to do . PERSON told him she did n't . PERSON did n't study and failed her test the next day . PERSON 's dad took the video game away from her .	PERSON and his friend have a competition . The competition is who can complete a video game faster . John plays day and night for three days to complete game . He finally completes the video game . He beats his friend by a hour .	The boy went to a video arcade . He played his favorite machine . His games did n't go very well . He told the owner about his experience . The owner explained that he had made the game settings harder .	PERSON 's friends had a video game . PERSON did n't own a copy . So she saved up her money . She bought the game . Finally she could play with her friends .	PERSON had found old video game cartridges in his basement . He forgot he even owned them . They were extremely old . PERSON wondered how much the games would sell for . After searching online , he found out they were worth a fortune !	PERSON takes her sons to buy a game at GameStop . PERSON is shocked when she see 's the $ 60 price tag . The game is much cheaper on Amazon . The store manager informs her that GameStop does not pricematch . PERSON orders the game from Amazon .	I just bought a new video game that I can not wait to play . Usually when I get a new game I take days off work and just play it . I like to play it all the way through from beginning to the end . I still have half of my shift to get through before I can go home . This is going to be the longest work shift ever !
PERSON 's bike	PERSON wants to get around her new town faster but hates parking . A good friend recommends she try biking around town . PERSON decides to buy a bike and give it a shot . She finds biking very easy , even though she has n't biked in Years . PERSON is so happy that she took her friend 's advice .	PERSON rode his bike home from school . He left his bike in the driveway . PERSON 's father returned from work . He did n't see PERSON 's bike . PERSON 's father rolled over the bike in his car .	PERSON was saving up for a brand new bicycle . After months of saving his allowance , he finally purchased his bike . He rode it around the neighborhood , showing it off . One day , he saw another boy riding a dirty and rusty bike . PERSON decided to give the boy his own bike .	PERSON had longed for a motorbike all summer . His parents promised that he could have one if he used his own money . He mowed as many neighbors gardens as he possibly could . All the money he earned was saved up . In September , he rode to college on his new motorbike .	PERSON married PERSON , who had two children . Karen wanted PERSON to sell his motorcycle . PERSON refused to get rid of the motorcycle that he loved . Then one of PERSON 's friends was killed in a motorcycle accident . PERSON did the responsible thing and sold his motorcycle .	PERSON rode his bike to the store . He left his bike outside and went into the store . But when he came out , his bike was gone . He told a police officer that someone stole his bike . After a few days , his bike was returned and he was so relieved .	PERSON bought a motorcycle . He treated it like his baby . One day while riding it he scraped the side on a car . He argued for hours that the driver would pay for the damage . He finally accepted that it had been his fault for causing the scrape .	PERSON gets a new bike for her birthday . She is sad though because she does not know how to ride it . Her father teaches her how to ride it . After a couple weeks of practice , PERSON can ride her bike on her own . She now rides her bike everywhere she goes .	PERSON wanted a pink bike for her birthday . PERSON 's parents had told her she was too young for a bike . But all PERSON could think of was riding that pink bike outside . PERSON promised her parents she would be safe at all times . Her parents decided to get her the bike .
injury	PERSON was skiing one day . The sun dazzled him and blinded him temporarily . PERSON tripped over an exposed tree root . He went flying and landed sprawled on the ground . PERSON had injured his knee badly .	In tenth grade , I injured my calf muscle . My soccer coach first noticed it . He put me on leave until I finished my therapy . When I finished , I came back stronger and faster . My coach said if I get injured again , he wo n't play me for the season .	My brother and I were playing with his bow and arrow kit . We were standing in the yard . He got frustrated when he missed his target . He threw the bow at the ground . It broke , and came back up and hit his eye , damaging it .	PERSON was taking her morning jog in the park . Her ankle buckled when she tripped over a rock . She fell to the ground with a forceful impact . Her knee had been scraped , but not too badly . She was able to continue her jog without any problems .	I was playing with my dog and fell down the stairs . I heard my leg snap and my mom rushed into the room . We had to go to the emergency room . I found out I broke two bones in my leg ! It took three months to heal and walk again .	PERSON was watching her son play football . He jumped to catch the ball . But was tackled hard . Everyone in the stands stood and gasped . They all cheered when the boy jumped to his feet and was not hurt .	I was pedaling my bicycle on my neighbor 's driveway . My tire went off the edge . And I fell down . There was water in my knee . It took weeks for it to get back to normal .	Kia made a slingshot out of a branch and a rubber band . She aimed at her brother , intending to shoot a rock at him . But then the rubber band snapped ! It sprang back and hit Kia in the cheek . She wished she been more careful !	My mom was trying to reach for the remote on the desk . She stretched her arms out in order to reach it . However , the rest of her body fell out of the bed . She landed on the ground . Since I was in the living room , I only heard a large thud .
PERSON loses weight	PERSON wants to be an actress . She goes to audition for the part in a movie . She is told she ways too much for the part . PERSON hits the gym and loses a bunch of weight . She comes back to the movie studio and claims the part .	PERSON had been overweight all of her adult life . PERSON decided it was time for her to get in shape . PERSON joined a gym and began eating healthy foods . PERSON began losing weight and look good . One year later PERSON had met her goal weight and was finally happy .	PERSON was a little bit on the fat side . He wanted to shed some weight . He started a juice only diet . He drank 6 juice infused vegetable smoothies throughout the day . PERSON was able to lose 10 pounds in a week .	PERSON did n't get very much exercise . Eventually he started to gain more weight than he wanted . His friends suggested that he started exercising . PERSON began visiting the gym every day . Eventually he worked off all of the weight he gained .	PERSON has n't worked in almost one year . Because he is low on money he has started eating less . His friends and family mention that he should try eating more . However , he ignores their advice . Finally PERSON finds a new job and begins eating more .	PERSON 's afraid that he will never lose the weight he put on in college . He decides the only way to lose weight is to get a gym membership . He goes to the gym each day and works as hard as he can . Gradually PERSON begins to lose his extra college pounds . Now he 's so happy he believed in himself .	PERSON wanted to lose some weight . She ran a mile every day . She also dieted by reducing her caloric intake . She lost 20 pounds over the course of 6 months . PERSON was proud of her accomplishments .	PERSON realizes that he has become very fat over the last two Year 's . He decides that he needs to lose weight quickly . PERSON stops eating meat and starts to jog every day . After 6 months he starts to lose weight . PERSON is happy that he has finally started to become less fat .	PERSON was really self conscious of his weight . He decided to lose some weight . He signed up for a gym membership . He ran everyday on the treadmill . PERSON was able to lose 10 pounds with exercise and healthy eating .
saving money	PERSON needed to save money . She loved drinking coffee every morning . PERSON figured out it cost her hundreds a month . She decided to make her own coffee instead . PERSON was able to save money .	PERSON wanted PERSON to go to the bar tonight . PERSON is very broke , and ca n't spend any money tonight , so he says no . PERSON got really mad and punched PERSON for being a bad friend . PERSON ended up going out with PERSON to the city . When they got there , PERSON did n't buy a drink , so he still saved money .	PERSON knew the Christmas was 8 months away . PERSON wanted to make sure that she had enough money this year . PERSON started taking every extra dollar and saving it . PERSON did this until December when she was ready to shop . PERSON was happy to get everything she wanted to buy for Christmas .	Last year , PERSON moved to a new apartment . Soon after moving , she realized her bills were quickly adding up . She decided to plan out a budget and started a second job . Each month she paid extra money towards her bills . PERSON no longer has any debt and is happier .	PERSON had just had his birthday . His aunt had given him fifty dollars . PERSON did n't know what to do with the money . His parents suggested that he save the money . The put the money in the bank for him .	PERSON was looking for ways to save money for her family . She decided she would become an extreme coupon clipper . She bought every newspaper and search diligently for savings . PERSON went to the store and used all her coupons that she had . When she saw all the money she saved , she vowed to always clip coupons	PERSON wanted to buy a new videogame . His parents did n't want to get it for him . He started saving money . After a month he had enough to buy it . Jordan go the game and played it often .	PERSON wanted to save one hundred dollars for a vacation . She was really broke . She decided to open up a savings account . Every month she took 25 dollars out of her check . In four months she could pay for her vacation !	PERSON wanted to buy a new car for himself . He eyed all kinds of models . They were all too expensive ! He saved up all summer long until he could afford one . By the time school started PERSON arrived in his new car !
PERSON and PERSON	If there is one thing PERSON dog Spike hated it was getting a bath . It never failed that he caught on quickly and made a dash outside . PERSON would have chase him down and carry him back inside to the tub . PERSON was a Terrier though so he was n't too heavy to carry him . After his bath Spike always ran around like a crazy dog for a bit .	PERSON and PERSON knew each other since grade school . After high school they did n't see each other at all . Many years later PERSON received a phone call . When PERSON answered the phone , it was a telemarketer . PERSON and PERSON recognized each other 's voices !	PERSON 's friend PERSON invited him to her art studio . At the studio , PERSON asked PERSON for some help . PERSON said that her dad 's girlfriend was pretending to be kidnapped . PERSON asked PERSON to help her uncover the truth . PERSON agreed to help PERSON .	PERSON rode her bike every day . Sometimes PERSON rode with her sister PERSON . One day PERSON fell off the bike and broke her wrist . PERSON helped PERSON recover but PERSON never rode her bike again . PERSON misses riding with PERSON but will never give up riding her bike .	PERSON had a crush on PERSON . She was not sure if he was interested in her . She decided to ask him out on a date . He was very surprised and agreed to date her . PERSON and PERSON are now in a relationship .	PERSON had been divorced for years . She really loved making her own choices all the time . However , she was beginning to feel more and more lonely . When she met PERSON she started wondering if she would marry again . Unfortunately , PERSON was a confirmed old bachelor .	PERSON and PERSON always wanted to have a girl They already had 5 boys so a girl would be a nice change of pace . They decided to adopt a girl . When they brought her home the house was electric . PERSON and PERSON were truly happy now .	I own a dog whose name is PERSON . PERSON needs to be sung to sleep at night . But lately my throat has been a bit sore . So tonight I put a PERSON PERSON record on for PERSON . PERSON listened to PERSON for about 10 minutes then fell fast asleep .	PERSON and PERSON were thrilled to find out they were expecting . But Even wanted a son and PERSON wanted a daughter . Each had dreams and plans for their tiny son or daughter . On delivery day they thought one of them would surely be disappointed . But then doctor presented them with twins - a boy and a girl !
jury duty	Harry got a summons for a jury . He attended a meeting . He was asked some questions . Harry was removed from the jury as a result of his answers . PERSON had a free afternoon .	PERSON 's favorite band was playing in a far-away city . After thinking about it , he decided to go on a road trip to see them . He excitedly bought his ticket . A few days before the concert , he was summoned for jury duty . He was selected as a juror and had to miss the show .	PERSON got an official notice in the mail . She opened it and saw she was summoned for jury duty . She thought she 'd hate it ! But as she spent time listening to the case , she changed her mind . PERSON found that jury duty was actually quite interesting .	Shiloh received a letter in the mail to report to jury duty . Most people hate jury duty but Shiloh was ecstatic to go . He had been watching Judge PERSON since he was a kid . When he arrived to jury duty it was the best day of his life . Standing at the front of the courtroom was none other than Judge PERSON .	PERSON had been selected for jury duty . She was curious about what the case was going to be . On her first day she learned it was a murder trial . She listened to both sides of the story and made a decision . In the juror meeting she voted not guilty .	I got a letter in the mail . It was from the government . They said I had to go to jury duty . I decided to not go . I was fined hundreds of dollars and I regretted not going .	PERSON got a paper in the mail . She had been summoned for jury duty ! She went downtown and sat in on her assigned trial . She learned the facts and then cast a vote about the defendant . PERSON enjoyed being part of the judicial process very much .	PERSON had jury duty . She went to the courthouse . She went into the courtroom . No one was there ! Poor PERSON went the wrong day !	PERSON got an letter for Jury Duty . She threw it always like she always did . Three months later she got another letter . It was a letter to appear in court for missing jury duty . It seems PERSON would now have a jury deciding her fate .
speeding ticket	PERSON woke up late one morning . He quickly got ready for work and left his house . He drove over the speed limit in hopes of getting there on time . A cop pulled bob over for speeding . PERSON received a ticket and did not get to work on time .	About an hour ago , I was driving in downtown DC . Going through an underpass , I saw a flashing light . I looked down and I was only going 27 mph . However , there is a speed camera there for cars going over 25mph . Now I 'm nervously waiting to see if I 'll get a ticket .	PERSON was late to work . He was in such a hurry that he drove faster than allowed . A police car on the side noticed him and pulled him over . The police officer wrote him a ticket for speeding . This definitely was n't a good start into the day for PERSON .	PERSON was driving through a small town . He did n't realize the speed limit changed . He was pulled over and given a ticket . PERSON explained there was no sign . The cop did n't care .	PERSON was driving to work one day . He was pulled over . PERSON was n't sure why . The cop told him he was speeding . PERSON did n't agree but signed the ticket anyway .	On Wednesday , PERSON woke up later than usual . So , she had to hurry to get to work on time . She drove too fast on the highway . A police officer gave PERSON a speeding ticket . PERSON decided not to never speed again , even when late .	PERSON was in a hurry to get home . He was going 90 MPH on the highway . He saw red lights flashing behind him . The cop gave him a ticket for 200 dollars . PERSON drove the speed limit for the rest of the way home .	I had been driving for 5 Years . I had never been pulled over . As I was driving home from college , I saw blue lights . The officer pulled me over and gave me a ticket for speeding . I was so upset and tears did not even help me out .	PERSON loves to drive fast . One day , he drove nearly twice the speed limit . He pulled over when he saw the flashing lights behind him . The officer gave PERSON a small lecture and a huge ticket . PERSON accepted the ticket and drove much slower on the way home .
new car	PERSON road his bike to work everyday . But his roads were always in bad condition . He had to wake up extra early to make it to work on time as well . But after a few months of saving money PERSON bought a car . And he was happy about how much easier it was to make it to work .	PERSON 's car kept breaking down . He knew he needed a new one . PERSON checked reviews online . He chose the most reliable one . PERSON went to the dealership to buy the car .	PERSON got a new car . He took it for a long drive . He was having a lot of fun . A cop pulled him over for speeding . Now PERSON drives more carefully .	My former coworker PERSON needed a new car . She is a single person living in a house . She decided to buy a brand new SUV , which she posted on FB . It cost $ 25,000 . I wanted to comment on her extravagance , but did not .	PERSON wanted to get a new car . He saved up all of his money from work . It took him two summers to have enough money . Finally he was able to go buy a new car . Now he drives his new car everywhere .	It was PERSON 's sixteenth birthday . She really wanted a car . After her birthday she went outside . A car was there wrapped in a bow . PERSON was so happy .	PERSON needed to buy a new car . He hated dealing with car salesmen . He researched exactly what he wanted and at what price . PERSON was clear and direct at the dealership . It helped get him his car without much trouble .	PERSON got promoted at work . He was given a much higher salary . He decided to use his salary to treat himself . PERSON wanted a new car as his threat to himself . After his first new paycheck he bought a Mercedes .	PERSON has just gotten a brand new sports car . It was sleek , shiny , and very fast . PERSON would drive recklessly on the freeway , speeding . It was n't long before PERSON got into a nasty car accident . His car was totaled .
the horse	PERSON was a police officer . He had a horse he used to patrol the streets . One day , his horse fell sick and died . PERSON grieved in the middle of the street . He later made headlines in the news for his compassion .	PERSON was very excited . She was going horseback riding . It would be her first time riding a horse . PERSON loved seeing the horse , and making it gallop . PERSON could n't wait to go horseback riding again .	The girls wanted to take horseback riding lessons . They went to a stable and learned the basics . Soon they were ready to ride ! They learned a lot the first lesson . They decided to come back every week and learn more !	PERSON had always wanted a horse . Once they lived in the country , she convinced her dad to buy one . She rode the horse every day . When PERSON grew up and moved away , she took the horse with her . They were the best of friends .	LOCATION always wanted to own a horse . One sunny day , he got dressed and set off to a nearby stable . When he arrived , the stable owner told him horses were for sale . LOCATION loved the color brown , so bought one of the brown horses . As the sun was setting , the owner waved to LOCATION as he rode away .	The horse showed up to our house . It was brown and white . No one knew where it came from . She was broken and let us ride here . We adopted her and named her PERSON .	PERSON was going to the barn to meet her friend 's horse . She had never met a horse before and was excited . PERSON went up to the horse . The horse whinnied and snapped at her . Since then , PERSON has been afraid of horses .	PERSON decided to go horseback riding . She picked out the biggest horse at the stable . She climbed on it and settled in . The horse was great on the trail . PERSON had a great time !	PERSON lived on a farm . She bought a horse . She did n't know much about horses but they looked fun . She learned how to care for it . She knew it would be a lot of work but she was excited .
robot	The robot swept the floor . The man realized his ring was missing . He looked inside the robot . He found his ring . He got his ring cleaned professionally .	My mother bought me a toy robot once . I played with it everyday . One day it broke . I was sad and I told my mom . She calmed me down and bought me another robot .	Little PERSON wore a costume of Cardboard and Foil . He announced to everyone on the street that he was a robot . This was n't getting the reaction he wanted . He saw the mailman approach and decided to scare him . However , the mailman just slid the mail into PERSON 's mouth hole .	PERSON 's friends all called him a computer geek , which was true . PERSON spent all his free time trying to design robots and computers . But when he turned 16 , he actually achieved his goal ! He built a rudimentary robot that swept his floor ! It was n't much , but PERSON knew it was a step in the right direction !	PERSON and his father decided to build a robot . They went the store and bought parts . PERSON 's father taught PERSON how to wire together the parts . It took all weekend , but they finished the robot ! PERSON and his father happily watched the robot move around .	PERSON liked to pretend he was a robot . He went to school like that also . Some kids started picking on him because of his robot ways . He gave one of them a black eye and another an arm twist . They did n't know this robot knew karate .	PERSON was making a robot for science class . He thought it would be a boring project . But he ended up getting very involved . The robot-building was fun and interesting . PERSON put in so much effort , he got an A + !	PERSON decided to build a robot . He went to the hardware store to buy parts . He made a square head with an antenna . He added claw shaped hands . The finished robot could walk and talk .	A science team worked on research . They found out about robots . They decided to build one . They got funding . The robot spoke to people .
football	Harry was a big child for his age . Harry was much stronger than the other children . Harry grew up playing football because he was so big . Harry eventually quit football because he did n't like it . Harry wished he was smaller so he could have played soccer .	PERSON wanted to play football . His parents said no . He decided to join without telling them . He broke his arm at the first game . His parents grounded him .	Football season started . Fans started chatting more . Popular websites adjusted their ad plans . They focused them on football . Fans started consuming even more content .	PERSON thought he was good at football . He hoped that he would be scouted for a college team . When the scouts came , he heard nothing back . They picked other people for the college teams . PERSON went to school to be a teacher instead .	PERSON always liked playing football . He decided to try out for his school 's tackle football team . He signed up and practiced for weeks . On the day of the tryouts , PERSON performed great . He was very proud to make the team as a starter .	PERSON is a huge football fan . He watches football almost every day . He is very excited about the new season and started counting days . PERSON knew that his favorite team would do well this season . The team won the championship and PERSON was ecstatic .	In band we went to a ball game . At halftime we went to the concession stand . The director told us not to be late coming back . When we heard the music we started running . We got detention for being late .	PERSON was a football player . He usually played junior varsity . One day his coached decided to put him in the varsity game . PERSON was excited . However , PERSON got hurt and was out for the rest of the year .	Jordan always wanted to be a professional football player . He grew up admiring the greats . His favorite player all time was PERSON PERSON . PERSON practiced every day to be the best that he could be . He was determined to play in the NFL .
stranger	The man saw a stranger . The stranger seemed interesting . The man introduced himself . The stranger reciprocated . They got a drink together .	PERSON was walking home from school . And he saw a man walking down the sidewalk while talking to himself . The man rummaged through garbage bins and put bottles in a cart . When PERSON reached his house , the man approached him . And PERSON ran inside .	PERSON was in line for coffee . Suddenly he heard the woman in front of him speaking . She was telling the cashier she 'd forgotten her wallet ! PERSON stepped up quickly and offered to pay for her coffee . With a smile , she graciously accepted his offer .	I was waiting for the bus to arrive . Someone come near to me and ask my name . At first i was scared and shy at the same time . But as time goes by , i feel comfortable talking to him . I wanted to know more about him but the bus just arrived .	PERSON sat next to a stranger on the bus . They began to chat as they rode . Soon they had introduced themselves . When PERSON 's stop came she got the stranger 's number . She called him soon after , and they ended up dating !	I always come home late at night . I thought it was safe until one night something happened to me . A stranger come near to me and tried to grab my hand . I shouted until someone noticed us so the stranger ran away . From that night i never walk alone late at night .	PERSON had just moved to a small town and was looking for work . He was afraid that no one would hire him . His friends had told him that people in the town disliked strangers . After three weeks of job hunting PERSON began to get discouraged . Eventually , to his relief , the local hardware store gave him a job .	PERSON was driving home one cold , rainy night . She saw a girl hitchhiking on the side of the road . PERSON knew it was dangerous to stop for strangers . But her conscience made her pick up the girl . The girl was so thankful for the warm , dry ride home !	PERSON notices someone following her home . She immediately goes of course . She hastily heads straight towards the police station . As she walks up the to the station she turns around . PERSON is relieved that it is her husband trying to get her attention .
nightmare	PERSON woke in the middle of the night . He had had a terrible nightmare . His parents said he could sleep with them . PERSON crawled into bed between his mom and his dad . He slept soundly the rest of the night , safe with his parents .	PERSON woke up trembling . She was trapped in the dark . Then she calmed down . She had had a nightmare , that was all . PERSON turned the light on to help her calm down .	PERSON awoke in the middle of the night to a door slamming . She became very scared , thinking she had an intruder in her home . PERSON grabbed her pepper spray and tiptoed downstairs . She noticed her back door was ajar and quietly walked over to it . She peered outside and saw her sleepwalking daughter roaming the yard .	I was walking through the forest on a dark and stormy night . The wind was whipping through the trees . It looked like the branches were reaching down to grab me . I ran as fast as I could to get out into the clear . Then I woke up in a cold sweat from the nightmare I was having .	PERSON has had trouble sleeping all week . Tonight , he finally manages to sleep but is having nightmare . He dreams that he misses a project deadline . He wakes up in a sweat thinking that he missed a deadline . He realizes he 's dreaming and goes back to a peaceful sleep .	PERSON woke in the middle of the night , trembling . She 'd had a terrible dream ! She called out for her mom urgently . Her mom rushed in and comforted her . Soon PERSON was able to drift back off to sleep .	I was nearly asleep when I heard a loud thud . I quickly flipped on the light by my bed . I checked the clock , which said it was almost midnight . I rolled over and shut my eyes . I then dreamed about my apartment being invaded !	PERSON woke up in the middle of the night sweating . She started to cry . She had a dream about her daughter 's car accident . She was happy that it was only a dream . She tried to go back to sleep .	PERSON is a ten year old boy . He was sleeping and all of a sudden he screamed . His parent came in to make sure he is okay . PERSON had a nightmare . PERSON was n't able to sleep for the rest of the night .
pancakes	I got tired of having eggs and potatoes for breakfast every day . So I got some pancake mix to make pancakes . I combines the mix , an egg , some milk , and a bit of oil . I mixed all those up really well , but not too much . And this morning I made three really fantastic pancakes .	PERSON wanted to eat pancakes for breakfast . But instead her mom made waffles . PERSON complained and said she did n't want them . So her mom happily ate PERSON 's waffles . PERSON 's mom made pancakes the next day .	PERSON was cooking pancakes for breakfast . But after she finished , her sister said they were too unhealthy . PERSON felt annoyed and yelled at her sister . And every morning , she decided to eat pancakes to spite her . She never gained weight from all the pancakes either .	PERSON had decided to surprise her mom and dad . She was going to make them pancakes . PERSON mixed all the ingredients together . She was quite good at cooking for her age . Her parents were impressed and enjoyed the pancakes .	I had pancakes for breakfast today . I usually have them with blueberries . Today was special though , I had them with chocolate chips today . I think from now on I 'll have them with chocolate chips . So long blueberries , we had a good time .	PERSON was too stressed to pay attention any more . He decided he needed pancakes . He got all the ingredients together and made some from scratch . PERSON decided they were so delicious he needed more . He made a second batch and ate those as well .	The man made pancakes . He poured syrup on the pancakes . He took a bite . He accidentally had used raspberry syrup . He gave the rest of the pancakes to his sister .	My son loves pancakes . I decided to make him pancakes for breakfast . It took me twenty minutes to cook them . He ate them at the kitchen table . My son seemed to really enjoy his breakfast .	You would think that I would eat my breakfast at home . That is were normal people eat their food . Instead I took my pancakes in the car and was driving while eating . This was not a good idea . When the syrup fell off my pancake , I looked down and hit a car .
the mall	PERSON and PERSON decided to go to the mall . When they arrived , they did not know where to shop . PERSON went to a clothing store first and purchased a pretty dress . Afterward , PERSON noticed a pet shop and went to see the animals . Before they knew it , it was getting late and the girls went home .	Jan was shopping at the mall with her friends . They all decided that they were hungry . The friends headed to the food court . They ate their meal . After eating , they continued to shop .	PERSON PERSON PERSON go to the mall . PERSON wants a new jacket . PERSON wants to go to the food court . They decide to go get PERSON 's jacket first . At the end of the day they are both very happy .	The city wanted to build a mall . However they did not have the money . They decided to take donations . Someone donated 2 million dollars . When the mall was done it was so beautiful .	The kids were bored on a Friday night . They decided to go to the mall . They walked around and shopped . Then they had some Starbucks . It was a nice way to spend a Friday night .	I used to work at the mall . It was very noisy in there everyday . I hated how noisy it was so I went looking for a new job . All the other jobs I found were also in the mall . So I guess I 'll have to get used to the noise .	PERSON and her friends were bored . They drove out to the mall to walk around . They walked through some stores and tried on clothes . They found a lot of cute things . The girls were happy they 'd spent their day together .	PERSON wanted to go to the mall . He did n't have a way to get there . He asked his mother for a ride to the mall , but she was busy . Then PERSON asked his dad if he could take him . PERSON 's dad ended up driving him to the mall .	PERSON and her friends went shopping at the mall . One store in , PERSON saw that her debit card was gone . In a panic she went to the car and her house to look . She could n't find it anywhere ! It turns out her best friend was holding it for her the whole time .
the phone call	The mom heard the phone ringing . She answered the phone call quickly . It was the school saying her daughter was sick . She raced to the school and brought the girl home . That was her least favorite kind of phone call !	PERSON heard his phone ringing . It was his best friend calling him . The friend had bad news . He was getting a divorce . PERSON decided to invite his friend over to console him .	I answered the phone to an unknown caller for some reason . The voice asked for me by name . I told I was n't home but maybe they could leave a message . Then they said it was for a job interview . I confessed it was me and ultimately got the job .	PERSON was sitting at home alone . She heard the phone ring . She answered the phone after a few rings . It was her mother on the phone . PERSON talked to her mother for about an hour .	PERSON 's friends were fighting . PERSON was last to find out . She called her friends PERSON , and PERSON on a conference call . PERSON was excited to be in on the action . She was disappointed to hear the fight was over .	PERSON had bloodwork done two weeks ago . Today , the doctor called her and said she needed more tests . The doctor did n't tell her why , so she is worrying . PERSON was very tense and anxious when she had more blood drawn . PERSON finally got to talk to the doctor .	PERSON had been waiting for her crush to call all day . She gave him her number at school that morning . He said he needed help with math . Unfortunately it 's getting late and he never called . Then the phone rings .	PERSON picked up her phone . She was going to call her ex-boyfriend . He answered on the first ring . PERSON panicked and hung up the phone . She did n't know what she was supposed to say .	PERSON heard ringing . Someone was calling her . She answered the phone and heard horrible yelling . Her neighbor had called her by accident . He 'd meant to call his wife and yell at her instead .
dress	Macy needed a prom dress . But she had no money ! Then her mom offered a solution . She let PERSON borrow her old bridesmaid 's dress . PERSON loved the gorgeous new `` prom '' dress !	PERSON and PERSON were happily married . PERSON wanted to take PERSON somewhere nice . PERSON surprised her by making expensive restaurant reservations . PERSON was happy but insisted on buying a new dress to attend . PERSON bought her the dress and they had a great dinner .	PERSON was at the mall today and did n't plan to spend any money . She browsed through several stores just to waste time . She entered her favorite clothing store . She tried on a dress she fell in love with . She ended up buying the dress to wear to church on Sunday .	PERSON was fifteen and going on her first date . She was torn between a long blue dress and a tight , short red one . She decided to wear the more conservative blue one . When her date picked her up , he said the dress matched her eyes . He said she looked breathtakingly beautiful !	PERSON had a very big green dress . She wore it everywhere . One day , she decided she would wear it again . She searched for it everywhere . After many hours , she found it in the washer .	PERSON wanted to make a dress . She bought patterns and fabric . But as she tried to cut out her pieces , she became frustrated . PERSON realized that dressmaking was very difficult . She decided to just buy herself a dress at the store instead .	I was shopping for a dress for my daughter . I wanted to find something that fit her personality . She is very creative , so I looked for something unusual . I found a dress that was red and had pretend paint splatters . I went home happy , having found the perfect dress .	I had been invited to a party . Wanting to look my best , I shopped around for a nice dress . I finally found a beautiful dress that would go well with my pearls . I wore it to the party . To my chagrin , I saw someone else there wearing the same dress .	I wanted the little blue dress . I looked at the price tag . It was extremely expensive . I put it back on the rack and walked away . I returned and bought it the next day .
PERSON 's hair	Little PERSON hated to wash her hair . PERSON 's mother had to chase her down to wash her hair . One day PERSON was being chased by bees . PERSON began to cry . She ran in her house screaming mommy wash my hair .	PERSON was getting into her late twenties . She started to notice she was getting grey hairs . The grey hairs bothered PERSON . PERSON decided to start dying her hair . PERSON was happy not seeing her grey hair .	PERSON had long blonde hair . She decided she needed a change . She looked through magazines for ideas . She went to her hairstylist with a picture of what she wanted . PERSON now has short red hair .	PERSON was a girl with a boy 's name . She had always been made fun of because she had short hair . PERSON 's dad made her get a haircut every month . One day she told her dad about the bullying . PERSON 's father felt so bad he never made her cut her hair again .	PERSON started chemo yesterday to get rid of her cancers . The chemo made all PERSON 's hair fall out . We took her to a wig shop . PERSON bought a wig that looked like her old hair . PERSON now wears that wig every day .	PERSON always dyed her hair brown . One day , she decided to let her white hair show . She went to visit her grandson , who started crying . He begged her to dye her hair back . PERSON went home that day and dyed her hair brown again .	PERSON needed to dye her hair because her roots were growing out . PERSON walked to the drug store to buy some peroxide . At the store , PERSON noticed that candy was on sale . PERSON also bought a bag of candy with her hair dye . PERSON walked home and colored her hair .	PERSON decided she needed a change . She decided to dye her brown hair blonde . She shopped for the hair dye . She spent Thursday night applying the dye to her hair . She was thrilled with her new look .	PERSON and PERSON started getting into a fight . PERSON threw a glass of water at PERSON and PERSON went back . When PERSON threw water at PERSON , PERSON freaked out . PERSON was upset because it messed up her hair . PERSON did n't want to speak to PERSON after that
late night	I love to stay up late and watch late night talk shows . I think the hosts are so funny . I also love to hear what all the celebrities have to say . Lately though I 've been real tired at work the next day . I 've switched to recording the shows and watching them during the day .	PERSON stayed up late to study for his chemistry test . He had done poorly in previous tests . This time , he decided he would stay up all night to study . PERSON ended up falling asleep at 5AM . PERSON overslept and missed his test .	PERSON considered himself a night owl . He could never go to sleep at a proper time . He tried all sorts of methods . None of them worked . Eventually he got a night job instead .	PERSON ran through the empty office to his cubicle . He forgot his briefcase at his desk . He knocked over a stack of papers and tripped to the ground . He lay there for a while and contemplated not getting up . PERSON got up and kicked the papers around even more .	PERSON had a lot of work to finish . He knew he would have pull an all-nighter . He decided to drink red bull . He then began to feel jittery . PERSON could n't focus anymore on his work due to the jitteriness .	PERSON stayed up until 5 AM . And he did not feel like going to sleep . But eventually , he went to bed . And he dreamed he was late for school . PERSON woke up at 3 PM and missed the whole school day .	PERSON was at work . His wife was expecting him at home . PERSON lost track of time on a project . He did n't notice the missed messages from his wife . PERSON got into a big fight when he got home .	I went out with my friends Friday night . We went out dancing . I played a few games of pool . I had a few drinks It was a good night .	I started playing the game late one afternoon . After a few hours I knew I would n't be stopping for a very long time . I did n't stop when I got stuck for forty-five minutes fighting a boss . I did n't stop when I had to be at work in four hours . Finally when my alarm went off I fell asleep on the couch .
car crash	It was a dark and stormy night , and PERSON was driving too fast . Approaching a curve in the road , he overcorrected while steering . This caused his car to slide clear off of the road and into a ditch . The impact caused a tree to fall right on top of the car . The tree crushed PERSON and he died .	PERSON was driving home late from work . It was raining and storming out . She hit a slick spot and lost control of the car . PERSON could n't gain control and hit a tree . She had to get the car towed and replaced .	PERSON liked to drive fast cars . PERSON would sometimes speed when he was driving . One day , PERSON drove too fast and got into an accident . His car slammed into a tree and was totaled . PERSON had to learn to like biking because he lost his car .	I tried to swerve out of the path of the truck . He obviously was n't watching where he was going . He steadily changed lanes on me . I started honking my horn as hard as I could . Finally he noticed and swerved back into his lane .	PERSON was steering his remote-controlled car outside . But he lost control of his remote . The car careened into the street . There , it collided with a real car ! Sadly , PERSON 's toy car was completely destroyed .	PERSON was driving her car one wintry day . She hit a patch of black ice . Her car started spinning uncontrollably . She had never felt so scared in her life . Her car stopped on a flat median .	PERSON was driving at night . The road was slick . He lost control . The car went into a river . PERSON had to swim to safety .	I was driving to work one day . All of a sudden the car in front of me breaks . I slammed on my breaks and was hit from behind . My car was completely totaled . I ended up buying a new car because of the incident .	PERSON was at dinner with her family . PERSON was eating a lobster . PERSON was using her teeth to crack the shells . PERSON cracked a tooth on one of the shells . Everyone laughed at PERSON 's funny smile .
new kid	PERSON was the new kid at his school . PERSON was nervous on his first day . PERSON entered his classroom and all the kids turned to look at him . At recess , a few kids approached PERSON , asking him to play . Now PERSON and that ring of kids a best friends .	PERSON wanted to talk to the new girl in school . During recess , she approached the girl . The girl was shy but introduced herself to PERSON . She and PERSON played all during recess . PERSON and the new girl had become fast friends !	PERSON noticed a new kid at his high school . The kid was awkward and shy and some guys began mocking him . PERSON was angered by this . PERSON went over and told the guys to leave the new kid alone . Now PERSON and that kid are best friends .	The new kid was very pretty . She walked into the room to sit down . She sat next to a girl who seemed friendly . The girl did n't feel well . She was shocked to see her become ill all over her desk .	PERSON was the new girl in school . At first everyone looked at her strangely . No one spoke to her . Then at recess , she introduced herself . The kids started to play with her .	There was a new boy in PERSON 's fifth grade class . Nobody spoke to him . PERSON decided to be his friend . At lunch that day , she sat right next to him . The new boy was grateful for PERSON 's kindness .	Little PERSON 's family moved to a new town . PERSON felt nervous about meeting the other kids in the neighborhood . PERSON was playing outside when a few kids approached him . The kids asked PERSON if he wanted to be part of their club . PERSON has been friends with those kids ever since !	PERSON got on the school bus and sat alone in a seat . She was tired so she went back to sleep . After 20 minutes she awoke . There was someone in the seat next to her . PERSON knew everyone who rode her bus , but this was a new person .	There was a new boy in class . I went over to introduce myself to him . He was friendly and we struck up a conversation . We walked home together as he lived down the street from me . Now we are good friends and walk to school together every day .
jail	The woman stole a bike from the store . The store caught it on a camera . They called the cops . The cops found the woman . The woman went to jail .	PERSON went to jail for unpaid child support . He was miserable and bored . Then he saw that the jail had a GED program . PERSON decided to use his time incarcerated to get a GED . When he left jail , he was glad to have furthered his education !	PERSON is afraid of being arrested . He has heard the food in jail is terrible . Bologna does not agree with PERSON 's digestive system . One day , PERSON thought about committing a crime . Because of prison food , PERSON decided to not break the law .	PERSON was going to jail , and she was excited . She had been trying for years . Finally she got what she wanted . She was so eager and happy . Today was her first day as a corrections officer !	My daughter 's LOCATION girlfriend now lives in LOCATION LOCATION . One night she was arrested for hitting her boyfriend . She spent four hours in jail . Her jail mates included a drug dealer and a prostitute . She was glad to make bail in the morning .	I decided to go to the bar . I got very drunk . The police asked me if I was okay . I threw up on their shoes . They got angry and locked me in jail for the night .	PERSON was sent to prison without warning . He was very confused about what happened . Suddenly , a year later they release him . They had the wrong person . PERSON gets over a million from the government for it	A man went to jail for his crimes . He hated the food and the people . In order to survive he joined the white supremacists . He felt like he betrayed his values , but he was still alive . His life was miserable .	I was in jail when I could not afford traffic tickets . I was there for a week . I had to cook the food . The work was easy . There was plenty to eat .
PERSON 's mistake	PERSON was cooking a juicy roast . She heard the timer ding for the roast and went to check on it . To her surprise , the roast was completely raw . PERSON realized she had forgotten to turn on the oven . She resorted to taking her family out for dinner that night .	PERSON was going on a road trip to PERSON 's Ferry . He set his GPS to the route , but the battery died part way through . PERSON ended up making several wrong turns and getting very lost . PERSON refused to ask for directions and ran out of gas . PERSON had to walk 5 miles to a gas station to get more gas .	PERSON wanted to become a chef . PERSON applied to many restaurants and was finally hired . On PERSON 's first day , he had to prepare fish . Nick prepared the fish incorrectly and customers became ill . PERSON was fired from his job .	PERSON decided to have her best friend PERSON come and decorate her place . PERSON was great at decorating and she knew PERSON would do well . However to her dismay , she found out her place was ripped apart . Brad out everything in storage and it was a mess . PERSON then rethought her decision to have him decorate .	LOCATION was making lunch at home . He poured himself a large glass of milk to go with his lunch . PERSON did n't check the expiration date of the milk . The milk tasted okay , but was in fact spoiled . PERSON became very ill and was sick for three days .	PERSON realized he had a midterm exam tomorrow . He had not studied one bit for this exam . PERSON started cramming for the exam . He studied for hours into the night . PERSON barely passed his midterm that morning .	PERSON wanted to wake up early to go fishing . He set his alarm for 5:00 am . He went to sleep . When he woke up , PERSON was surprised to see that it was 8 o'clock . PERSON realized that the volume on his alarm was muted .	PERSON went to the office to pay her rent . The office was closed . PERSON left the rent check in a drop off mailbox . PERSON had forgotten to fill out the check ! The next day PERSON went back to the office and fixed her mistake .	PERSON had just been given a car even though she was only 16 . Her parents trusted her to be smart about the car . But PERSON listened to her friends and they drag raced . PERSON rammed into an elderly woman and killed her . PERSON lost her car and her parents ' trust .
compromise	Frank and PERSON were diving to school in Frank 's car . Frank wanted to listen to rap but PERSON wanted to listen to R&B . They argued for some time over the matter . Finally they came to a compromise over the music . They would listen to Hip-Hop or nothing at all .	PERSON and PERSON never agreed on politics . They would argue constantly over who was right about an issue . One day they witnessed a tragedy on the news . Many people died . Because of this PERSON and PERSON found common ground politically .	My mom says eating healthy food is good for my body . I would rather eat candy and cake . Mom and I came up with a compromise . If I eat all the food on my plate I can have dessert . We found a way for both of us to get what we want .	PERSON and PERSON moved to LOCATION LOCATION . PERSON was from LOCATION , and she did n't like the snow . After one particularly bad winter , PERSON wanted to move . PERSON wanted to stay , so they decided to compromise . Now they spend winters in LOCATION LOCATION and summers in LOCATION .	PERSON was serious with her piano practice . She woke up two hours before dawn every day . She was very praised by her piano teacher and did n't dare changing . But PERSON was exhausted and just wanted to have fun . She cut down an hour on her practice and played an hour after school .	PERSON and Sue only had one car . Sue was home all day with their two small children . She finally told PERSON she felt trapped without a car all day . They could not afford to buy another car . PERSON finally agreed to bike to work two days a week .	PERSON 's mother was always exasperated with her . She never made her bed or cleaned her room . PERSON did n't mind the messiness but had to compromise . She did her bed every morning and cleaned her room once a week . Her mother accepted the terms and everything turned out fine .	PERSON always listened to music loudly in his room . His mom wanted him to turn it down . PERSON was mad at his mom for it . His mom gave him a pair of headphones . PERSON and his mom were both happy .	PERSON 's favorite show was on that night . He turned on the tv , and settled in to watch . His girlfriend wanted to watch something on a different channel . PERSON and his girlfriend wanted to reach a compromise . They ended up deciding to go out to the movies instead .
paper	Raven has a long paper to do . This was for her college writing class . She procrastinated really badly . She pulled an all nighter to finish it . She handed it in the next day .	I used to come to school early to run . We were not supposed to leave once we got there . But my friend left his homework at home . I gave him a ride . We told the coach he left something in my car .	PERSON 's homework was due today . She did n't have it complete . She stole PERSON 's homework and turned it in with her name on it . The teacher knew that PERSON had n't done that work . PERSON was suspended from school for a week .	PERSON was an artist . He wanted to make a unique work of art . He decided to learn about paper mache . He studied it . He created paper mache works of art .	PERSON is taking three classes . Each class wanted her to write a paper . She was very overwhelmed . Fortunately , she was able to finish them all on time . She got an A on each one .	The man went out to his mailbox . He looked for his paper . His paper was not there . He called his paper boy . His paper boy was running late .	The man wrote a paper . He asked a friend to read it . His friend found some mistakes . The man fixed the mistakes . The man got a good grade on the paper .	PERSON was an avid writer . He would write for fun and for school . One day Morgan 's teacher gave him a big paper to write . PERSON did n't like the topic , so he delayed . PERSON got a bad grade and his teacher was shocked at him .	PERSON went to her class in the morning . She listened to the lecture about history . The professor assigned everyone a paper . PERSON did research for her paper . PERSON wrote the paper for the class .
gum	I just got braces . The orthodontist told me not to chew gum . I did n't care to listen to her . I chewed gum . It got stuck in my braces and I had to pay to fix the damages .	I got gum in my hair . It was a horrendous sticky mess . My mother was not pleased . She decided to try lighter fluid to remove it . It took about an hour , but it worked .	PERSON was chewing gum and blowing bubbles . The gum fell out of her mouth and into her long hair . She panicked and tried to carefully remove it . The gum stretched , but it stayed stuck . PERSON had to use scissors to get the gum out of her hair .	The family drove up the mountain . Everybody 's ears started popping . One of the kids thought it hurt . The mom told them chewing gum would help . They all chewed a piece of gum .	PERSON was a professional basketball player . He enjoyed the game very much . He would always chew gum during the games . During a press conference he was asked why he chews gum . He calmly replied that it makes him play better .	PERSON loved chewing gum . He learned that some gum types are bad for health . PERSON searched many stores for the best gum . PERSON found one with healthy ingredients . PERSON bought a large quantity of the healthy gum .	Frank decided to get some gum . He went to the store . There was a giant gum display . He picked out a pack he liked . Frank paid for the gum .	I just got my braces removed . I could finally eat gum . I went to the store and bought some gum . It was delicious ! Alas , I got a cavity soon after for eating too much gum .	My friend was being mean to me . I decided to put some gum in his hair . Alas , he figured out it was me . He slapped me across the face . I decided that he was n't a true friend so I ditched him .
gaming	PERSON and his brother were invited to a PERSON PERSON party / The party was at Cody 's best friend PERSON 's house . They played PERSON PERSON all day and had a ton of fun . Once it got late at night they were forced to go to bed . In the morning they went home excited for the next game day .	PERSON likes video games . He really wanted a new game . Everybody else also wanted the same new game . PERSON waited in line for a copy of the new game . He played the game for hours when he got home .	PERSON likes to play video games . He is a very competitive person . When he gets a game he tries to be the very best at it . PERSON 's family wishes that he did not play so many games . PERSON often misses things because he would rather be playing games .	PERSON spent a lot of time playing video games . A new video game was coming out soon . PERSON saved up money so that he could buy it . When the game came out he bought it immediately . He spent the next week playing the game .	PERSON went to the casino with $ 20 , hoping to win big . But she lost $ 1 at a time until she was almost broke ! She bet her very last dollar at slots . To her surprise , alarms started ringing . Min had won the $ 5000 jackpot !	PERSON loved playing video games . PERSON decided to become a video game developer . PERSON studied very hard in school and went to college . After graduating college PERSON was offered several jobs in gaming . PERSON selected his dream job and designed his own video game .	PERSON enjoyed playing video games at PERSON 's house . John noticed PERSON was irritated during the game . John always won the game . PERSON thought it was funny his friend would get upset . PERSON never lost to his friend in that game .	My mother teased me for playing too many videogames . I practiced competitive games with my friends . I entered a tournament with a lot of prize money . I earned $ 10,000 with my win in the tournament . My mother actually apologized to me for the teasing .	A team competed in an NBA 2K tournament . They did really good in the rounds . They went to LOCATION LOCATION to compete . They performed really well ! They won the competition .
the new car	The family had been car shopping for weeks . They got a fancy new car . It was the nicest one they 'd ever owned . They drove it around town to show it off . It was a great new ride !	One morning , Stuart 's car would n't start . He had it towed to the mechanic 's , who said the engine had died . A new engine would be very costly , so PERSON decided to buy a new car . He shopped around and found a good deal on a hybrid car . Once he got his new car , PERSON was very happy and relieved .	Today I bought a new car . The car was is very nice and I am proud of the car . I worked very hard to earn the money for the new car . I have been very careful when driving my car . I hope my car lasts me a long time because it was very expensive .	One day , while he was driving , PERSON 's car broke down . PERSON was sad because he liked his car . Even so , PERSON had to buy a new car . PERSON went to the dealership . PERSON fell in love with a red convertible car .	PERSON was saving up to buy his dream car . He was finally able to buy it . Upon purchasing it , he decided to take it on the highway . PERSON made the bad decision to speed on the highway . He got into an accident and ruined his brand new car .	PERSON was so excited . He 'd just bought his first new car . He drove it all over town to show off . The car was so fast and sleek ! PERSON was very happy with his purchase .	PERSON bought a new toy . It was a really fancy car . She drove it fast through the neighborhood . PERSON took it to her friend 's house to show it off . Everyone was impressed with the new purchase .	PERSON passed his driving test . He decided to buy his first car . He went to the car dealership . He test drove a blue Honda . He bought the blue Honda .	PERSON was thinking of buying a new car . She test drove several different models . She read reviews online of different cars . PERSON compared the different prices of the cars she liked . She finally made a decision based on all the information she had .
loud	PERSON was n't pleased with his new neighbor . Not only did they play music all day , but they banged the walls . He tried to talk to them , but they were so intimidating , he recoiled . As the noises were n't going away after a month , PERSON decided to move . He found a new apartment , but there too someone was loud .	The keyboard was broken so I had to buy a new one . The new one I picked turned out to be very cheap . I typed on it but it drove me crazy . The keys were extremely loud . It was obnoxious to everyone .	My dog laid down beside me in bed . I tried very hard to go back to sleep . She rolled over on me , making it hard to move . She started panting heavily . The loud panting made it impossible to sleep .	My oldest child is so loud . She is so loud that it is hard to sleep when she is awake . We put the youngest down for a nap earlier . Our oldest started yelling at the top of her lungs . She woke up the baby and got sent to timeout .	I was standing behind a man at the store the other day . He was speaking loudly to everyone around him about his problems . When he 'd see a black man or a Muslim woman walk by he 'd comment . I found it all very rude but I did not say anything . I smiled , nodded , and thanked God when he finally left .	He cursed out loud . The child looked up in shock . He turned red in the face . He was embarrassed . He apologized to the child 's parents .	PERSON was constantly stressed out . So he listened to loud music all day . But one day , he noticed a ringing in his ears . But after listening to quieter music , the ringing never went away . Eventually , the ringing made PERSON unable to enjoy music .	PERSON was at a movie theater . But there was a group of people in front of him who were too loud . PERSON decided to sit somewhere else . But he could still hear them . So he huffed out of the movie theater and watched something else .	The cat was being loud . The owner could n't sleep . The owner got grumpy . The owner yelled at the cat . The cat stopped meowing .
ticket	PERSON was driving her car . She started to change the radio channel . She did n't realize that the light turned red . PERSON drove through the red light . The police gave her a ticket .	PERSON bought a scratch lottery ticket on a whim . She did not expect to win . But when she scratched it , her eyes widened . The ticket was a $ 1000 winner ! PERSON was glad she had heeded her whim !	PERSON was driving to work . PERSON was going to be late . PERSON began speeding . PERSON was pulled over by an officer . PERSON received a speeding ticket .	PERSON had tickets to take his dad to a USC football game . On gameday , they drove around the stadium looking for a parking spot . PERSON 's dad saw a parking space but worried whether it was legal . PERSON decided to park in the questionable parking spot . After the game , PERSON found an expensive parking ticket on his car .	PERSON was late for work . She sped to get there on time . Unfortunately , a cop pulled her over . He gave her a speeding ticket . PERSON ended up being even later !	PERSON went for a drive . He was speeding . A cop pulled him over . He got a ticket . He tried to appeal it , to no avail .	The cop pulled me over . I knew I was speeding . I did not argue when the cop asked me about my speed . He went back to his car with me license . He gave me a ticket for speeding .	PERSON went with PERSON to see a football game . PERSON 's parents gave him three tickets . PERSON told his parents that PERSON went with him . PERSON could not come . PERSON sold the extra ticket .	PERSON was looking for a plane ticket . She thought she would have to cancel her trip . She could not find a ticket that was cheap enough ! Then she found a great deal on a discount site . PERSON not only bought a ticket , she upgraded to first class too !
candles	PERSON loved having candles lit . Candles made her house feel cozy . She would keep them lit all day . She would only blow them out when she slept . The candles were comforting to her .	PERSON was a candlemaker by trade . She was commissioned to make a beautiful candle for a wedding . She worked very hard on designing it . When the candle was finished , it was a beautiful work of art . The bride and groom were beside themselves with happiness about it .	PERSON wanted to buy a gift for his mother . PERSON thought of what his mother likes . PERSON went shopping . PERSON entered a candle store . PERSON gave his mother candles as a gift .	PERSON usually likes to light candles around the house . He usually remembers to blow them all out when leaving . One day , he forgot to blow out the candles . The candle fell off the counter . PERSON 's house burnt down .	PERSON started to make candles for a hobby . His friends like his candles and offered to buy them . PERSON sold them for really cheap because they were his friends . Now they ask him all the time for more candles . PERSON has to say no because it takes so long and they pay him poorly .	PERSON wanted a new candle for her apartment . She wanted one that looked nice and smelled nice . She went to the store to pick one out . The selection was big . She eventually chose a purple lavender candle to buy .	PERSON decided to make her own candles . She read instructions and carefully crafted them . She tested them and they burned wonderfully . That weekend a storm blew PERSON 's power out . She was very glad to have her candles !	PERSON wanted to do a romantic dinner for his girlfriend . But PERSON had no candles . So PERSON went to the store to get some . He got these very nice smelling candles . He lit the candles on before she came .	PERSON always went into her garden on Saturdays . This Saturday it was raining so PERSON could n't garden . She was very bored and decided to read a craft book . She found a chapter on making candles and gathered the supplies . PERSON wound up making six beautiful candles that Saturday .
PERSON 's new shoes	PERSON really wanted stylish new shoes . He worked at his paper route to buy them . He did not waste his money on snacks and sodas . When he had enough for them , he went and got them . He wore them home with pride .	PERSON wanted to buy a new pair of shoes , but had no money . She asked her mother to buy them for her . Her mother said no , but she could do chores to earn the money . PERSON spent the weekend cleaning the house and the yard . PERSON earned enough money to buy the shoes she wanted .	PERSON wanted to get a new pair of shoes . He asked his mother to take him shopping . His mother agreed . PERSON tried on at least twenty pairs of shoes . He finally selected a nice pair of athletic shoes .	PERSON noticed that after a day of hard work his feet always hurt . He asked advice of his coworkers , but they had no suggestion . Finally he decided he might need a new pair of shoes . After his first day at work wearing his new shoes , PERSON felt great . PERSON only wished he had bought new shoes Years ago .	LOCATION needs new running shoes . The pair he has he 's ran 500 miles in . A worker helps him get a great pair . PERSON wins a marathon . He thanks the worker next time he goes in .	PERSON ordered new shoes on the internet . She waited eight days for the shoes to arrive . On the eighth day , a package was delivered . PERSON eagerly opened the box . PERSON tried on her new shoes .	PERSON needed new shoes for a dance . The ones she had just did n't match her dress . She went to the shoe store in the mall and looked around . She found a pair that was purple , just like her dress . Everyone at the dance talked about how the shoes matched the dress .	PERSON 's sneakers are so old that they are beginning to rip . He loves his old sneakers but he knows it is time for a new pair . He looks at several stores but ca n't find exactly what he wants . Finally he finds the perfect new pair of sneakers . PERSON is so happy that he no longer wears ripped sneakers .	PERSON went to the store with her mother . She needed new shoes to wear to school . PERSON tried on three pairs of shoes . The brown and teal cowboy boots were the most comfortable shoes . PERSON wore her cowboy boots to school the next day .
weight loss	PERSON was getting worried about his weight . His friend suggested cutting out cocacola . The prospect of this seemed dire , he loved coke ! But begrudgingly he did and he began exercising . Four weeks later he had lost 18 pounds !	I was unhappy with my weight . I decided I needed to live healthier . I went to the store and bought a week 's worth of meals . I prepared them all that day to have easy access thru the week . I have lost 15 pounds by doing this for the last 4 weeks .	PERSON decided she needed to get in shape . She read three books on weight loss techniques . She chose to lose weight using the keto diet . PERSON stuck to her diet , avoiding carbs altogether . Three months later PERSON had successfully lost 24 pounds .	PERSON was really fat and unhealthy . So he convinced his brother to get gym passes . They both started a workout routine . They worked out for a year . PERSON was no longer fat or unhealthy .	PERSON wanted to lose some weight . He had packed on an extra twenty pounds . He started exercising . He also stopped drinking sodas . He lost the weight in two months .	PERSON wanted to lose some weight . She went to the doctor for advice . Her doctor told her to exercise more . PERSON decided to join the local gym . She slimmed down very quickly .	PERSON knew he needed to lose weight but he did n't know how ? He watched a lot of late night infomercials about weight is loss . PERSON read about diet and exercise and made a few eating changes . PERSON stopped eating milk , rice , pasta and white breads . PERSON is proud to have lost 38 pounds and is still losing .	I 've been trying to lose weight recently . I got a scale and attempted to calibrate it . First , I counted out one thousand new pennies . Then I put them on the scale . This calibrated the scale to two point five kilograms .	PERSON wanted to lose some weight . She decided to shop for local fresh vegetables . She at the vegetables everyday for every meal . She lost 20 pounds . She is very happy with her weight .
lost phone	PERSON lost his phone at a party . He tried to call it to find it . A random person from the party answered . PERSON asked him if he could meet him to return his phone . He got his phone by the end of the day .	PERSON placed her cell phone on the seat of her car . She went inside , leaving the phone . PERSON did n't remember where she put the phone . She dialed her phone number from another phone . PERSON 's phone rang , allowing her to find it .	I was about to leave for work . Then , I realized I had lost my phone . I searched for ten minutes and was late for work . I finally found it ! Alas , I picked it up and then dropped it and cracked the screen .	PERSON left his phone at the coffee shop . He went back to the coffee shop to look for his phone . It was not on the table where he left it . He asked the barista if anyone had turned in a lost phone . PERSON was disappointed that no one had turned in his phone .	PERSON had been out shopping . She had her cellphone with her . When she got back from the store , she could not find it . She searched everywhere . She finally found it at the bottom of her bag .	PERSON got drunk at the bar . The next day he realized his phone was missing . He got a friend to call it . PERSON noticed the sound was coming from his refrigerator . Apparently PERSON had put his phone in the freezer .	PERSON loved to talk on the phone . She talked on the phone for three hours every night . One night PERSON lost her phone in her bedroom . She went outside and made three new friends that night . PERSON realized that her phone was n't as important as she once thought .	PERSON was about to leave the house . He realized that he did not have his phone . He looked under the couch , bed , and in the bathroom . The phone was not in any of those places ! He found the phone in his jacket pocket !	PERSON lost his cell phone . Fortunately , he had previously bought the protection plan . He went online and filled out a form for lost and stolen phones . He paid a small fee to have his provider send him a replacement phone . PERSON ' new phone arrived the next day .
popcorn	PERSON was at the theater to see a movie . She wanted popcorn , and candy , and soda . She only had $ 5 for snacks . PERSON could only have one of the snacks she wanted . PERSON offered to share her popcorn so PERSON could buy candy .	PERSON decided to cook popcorn . He put the bag in the microwave . He entered the time . However , he started smelling smoke . PERSON accidentally entered the wrong time .	PERSON worked at a movie theater . One day , it was his job to make the popcorn . He followed the directions and added the ingredients . As the popcorn popped , he realized there was way more than he thought . He had accidentally doubled the ingredients !	PERSON was making popcorn . She put the bag in the oven and pressed the time . Little did she know the microwave was broken . When she came back , the bag was still unpopped . PERSON finally figured out that the microwave did n't work .	I just made myself some popcorn as a snack . The doorbell rang as soon as I sat down to eat . It was my mailman delivering a package . When I came back my popcorn bowl was empty and my son was laughing . I guess I have to make more popcorn if I want my snack .	PERSON decided to make popcorn at school before class started . However , he burned the popcorn quite badly . A horrible smell drifted through all of the locker bays . Students complained , and teachers wrinkled their noses . PERSON never told anybody it was he who had burned the popcorn .	PERSON loved popcorn , and ate it almost every day . He usually threw in a packet into the microwave after school . He did this recently and went to the bathroom to kill time . The popcorn ended up burnt , but he ate it anyway . He got very sick and gradually lost an appetite for it .	PERSON like to make popcorn . Usually for movie night with the family on Fridays . One day she made a bunch for the family . She was bringing it back to the tv room to eat . But she tripped and spilled the popcorn everywhere .	PERSON grew corn in his field . He took a few ears and buttered them . Then he put them in the microwave . The kernels began to explode . PERSON had made his own popcorn !
PERSON 's book	PERSON was a bit tired but decided to watch some TV . He turned his TV set on and chose channel 6 . But channel 6 was running old movies PERSON had already seen . So then PERSON decided to read a book and chose a novel . So PERSON began to read a novel but fell asleep in about 15 minutes .	PERSON spent the afternoon walking the streets of LOCATION . She stopped in a cafe for something to eat . She sat at a table to read and eat her food . She left her book on the table while she used the bathroom . When she returned , she found her book had been stolen .	PERSON loved reading fantasy novels . She started writing a fantasy story in middle school . She slowly edited it and worked on it for years . She finally finished at the end of high school . She hopes to be a popular fantasy author .	PERSON wrote a book . He sent the book to a book publisher . The publisher read his book and liked it . He offered to publish PERSON 's book . PERSON became a famous author .	PERSON was looking for a rare book . He found it on an internet site . PERSON ordered the book from the site . The book came in a week later . PERSON enjoyed reading his book .	PERSON was searching her whole school frantically looking for her book . She could n't remember which classroom she had left it in ! Her friends and teachers helped her look , but no one found it . Finally she had to give up and walk sadly home . And there , waiting on her bed , she discovered her lost book !	PERSON dreamed about writing her own book . She found the time to write after she was diagnosed with cancer . She wrote down all of her experiences , hopes , and fears . She sent the book to many different publishers . She fulfilled her dream when a publisher agreed publish it .	PERSON checked out a book from the library . She did n't have time to read the library book . It was time to bring the book back to the library . She went back to the library . PERSON checked the book out again .	PERSON borrowed a book from PERSON . PERSON lost PERSON 's book . He bought a new book to replace it . PERSON told PERSON what happened . He gave PERSON the new book .
PERSON 's cookies	PERSON likes cookies . He bakes chocolate chip cookies every weekend . One day , his friend came over and tried a cookie . He loved it and told PERSON to market them ! Now , PERSON owns a cookie bakery !	Granny always loved to bake . She made all kinds of different goodies . The grandkids ' favorite , though , was her cookies . PERSON spent a day making 400 cookies . PERSON delivered them to the kids , who enjoyed every bite of them .	PERSON was a famous cookie maker . He invented a new cookie today . The cookie was made of chocolate , peanut butter , and caramel . He gave the cookies to an orphanage . The orphanage loved them and was grateful for his cookies .	PERSON was just a little girl . Even though she was so little , she decided to make cookies . She dropped the eggs into the bowl without breaking them . She made a huge mess . Her mother scolded her when she discovered what she 'd done .	PERSON loves to bake from scratch . Today she decided to make some peanut butter cookies . Unfortunately she was out of peanut butter . PERSON had to make a quick trip to the store for supplies . Thankfully she could afford more peanut butter and make the cookies .	PERSON was baking cookies . She was adding things to the mixer . An egg slipped and the whole thing fell into the mixing bowl . It made bits of egg shell mix in with the batter . She yelled and threw the batter away .	PERSON awoke one snowy morning with an empty tummy . He decided to make some cookies with his mom . They had a blast with a mess every where . The aroma filled the house and soon it was time to taste . The best gingerbread man cookies ever said mother smiling .	Mom makes me cookies . Mom got down the flour . Next a big bowl and sugar . PERSON said I could help . The cookies were awesome .	PERSON wanted to make cookies . She put all the needed ingredients on the table . She dropped an egg when mixing the batter . She got another one out of the refrigerator . The cookies turned out delicious .
cheating	PERSON always cheated in school and never got caught . One day , the teacher caught him copying his friend . The teacher called a conference with his parents . His parents decided to ground PERSON . PERSON learned that cheating is very bad .	PERSON was cheating on his wife . At first she had no clue . But then she found a note from PERSON 's mistress ! She confronted PERSON and PERSON confessed to the affair . Angry , PERSON 's wife filed for divorce the next day .	PERSON was in high school . He had forgotten about a test . He decided to cheat . PERSON got caught . His parents were called and he was grounded .	PERSON wanted to be top of her class . She was smart , but lazy . She decided to cheat on her math test . Her teacher caught her . She failed the class .	PERSON always made good grades . One day he forgot to study for a quiz . His teacher passed out the quizzes . PERSON took a quick peek at a friends answers . His teacher caught him and he got detention .	PERSON 's boyfriend was overseas making money . She met another boy and invited him over to watch movies one night . PERSON 's boyfriend came home unexpectedly to propose to her . He caught them kissing on the couch , PERSON 's boyfriend punched the other boy in the nose .	PERSON had never gotten in trouble . One day he kept talking in class . His teacher kept warning him . She finally decided to write him up . Miles never got another detention .	PERSON had to write a paper for her English class . PERSON hated writing papers . She paid her friend to write the paper . PERSON turned in the paper she wrote . PERSON and her friend were both reprimanded for cheating .	I was at the mall last week . I noticed my friend 's wife . She was with another man . When I told my friend he accused her of cheating . It turned out to be her cousin .
apples	The lady gave an apple to her horse . The horse ate the apple quickly . The lady gave a carrot to the horse . The horse refused to eat it . The horse was only given apples for snacks in the future .	PERSON loved to eat apples . He actually ate 4 apples every single day . One day , he ate 8 apples . He got sick and went to the hospital . The doctor said it is not healthy to eat that many apples .	PERSON really likes apples . She liked apples so much that she wanted to grow an apple tree . She planted a tree with seeds from a local gardening store . After 10 years , her tree finally started to grow fruit ! Now she has more apples than she can eat .	On a crisp fall day , PERSON grabbed his basket . He made his way down the orchard . Today would be his first harvest of the season . PERSON picked the first apple he saw . After one bite , he knew this was the best pick yet .	I wanted to eat some apples . So , I went to the store . I bought four red apples . Alas , when I got home I realized that two were rotten . I decided to never again shop at that store .	PERSON like almost any type of fruit except apples . She would try to avoid eating them all the time . Her grandmother had made a spice cake earlier that day . It smelled delicious and PERSON wanted a piece . It tasted great she was shocked to learn it was an apple cake .	My sister in law is very frugal . At barbeques , everyone is given only one hot dog or hamburger . Sunday she came by to visit . She brought apples for or family of five . There were exactly five apples in the bag .	PERSON and Em had picked a whole bushel of apples . But then little Em had taken one bite from each apple ! PERSON was sure the apples would all go bad now ! Then she had a great idea to avoid wasting them . She cooked them all up into a big pot of applesauce !	I bought some apples the other day . I went to the produce shop to buy them . The apples I bought were very expensive . Even though they were so expensive they were very tasty . I will buy those apples again soon !
drunk	PERSON liked to drink . One day , he drove when he was drunk . He drove right through a red light . He hit someone who was crossing the road . The person he hit died a few days later .	PERSON was out drinking with `` friends '' in his house . He got too drunk . He ended up passing out in his house . His so called friends stole from his house . He lost $ 1000 worth of material .	PERSON was arrested for drunk driving . She was held overnight without bail . In the morning , she went in front of a judge . The judge sentenced PERSON to one hundred hours of community service . PERSON was grateful to avoid jail time .	PERSON was out with his friends . They kept taking more and more shots . Fred ended up getting way too drunk . His friends had to call an uber . He went home safely .	The boys were ten Year 's old and thought they were cool . One night they opened a bottle of sparkling apple cider . They put it in a brown paper bag and pretended it was wine . They burped and tripped and pretended to be drunk . That night , they were the coolest ten year olds ever .	PERSON got suspended from college . He was getting in trouble for drinking . He went back to his house . He did not know what to do . He had to get a job .	PERSON went to her first college party . She had a great time . Then the alcohol was introduced . PERSON was drunk in under an hour . But in the morning , she regretted her decision !	PERSON and his girlfriend drank . They got too drunk . His girlfriends mother saw them . She called the cops . The cops knew everything was fine and left .	PERSON was watching TV in the living room . There was a knock on the front door . The police were at the door with her drunk teen brother . The boy had been busted at a party with other teens drinking . PERSON knew he was going to be in big trouble .
the birthday party	LOCATION was anxious for his friends to arrive . He was having a birthday party ! They all came with gifts . He opened them up and thanked his friends . Then they all ate cake !	PERSON had a birthday party on the weekend . He invited all of his friends and relatives . They sang the happy birthday song to him . Everyone also ate a piece of PERSON 's birthday cake . PERSON was happy to be with his family and friends .	PERSON 's boyfriend was turning 30 and wanted to throw him a party . She called his friends and family and told them about her plans . Everyone came together and they rented a hall for the party . No one told PERSON 's boyfriend and he was surprised on his birthday . He said it was the most fun he 's had in a long time .	PERSON was turning ten years old . So she decided to throw a birthday party . She handed out invitations in class to all of her classmates . The day of the party , no one showed up . PERSON was devastated and she cried .	PERSON was turning ten . She was going to have a big birthday party . She decided to invite her whole class . On the day of the party , everyone showed up with gifts . PERSON was so excited !	It was PERSON 's birthday and she was so excited . She went out to eat dinner with her friend PERSON . When they got back to her house all the lights were off . As they walked in the door , all of PERSON 's friends were there . PERSON realized they were all there for her birthday !	I was throwing a birthday party . I found out that my friend was throwing one for himself as well . Both parties were on the same day . I was worried that no one would come to my party . So I sent my friend on a cruise the day of his party .	Today is PERSON 's birthday . PERSON 's mother had prepared a birthday cake and decorations for a party . The children arrived at the party . They gave PERSON lots of presents . PERSON was very happy .	For her birthday , PERSON wanted a clown to perform for her friends . She begged her parents for the clown for months . On the day of her birthday , a clown showed up . He wore makeup and funny shoes . PERSON and her friends had a lot of fun at her party .
the climb	The minister had to fix the weathervane on top of the church steeple . He said a prayer and climbed up the side of the church . When he was half-way up he saw a car roll through a stop sign . The minister yelled at the driver to be more careful . The driver did n't see him and thought god was yelling at him .	PERSON was almost at the top of the rock face when a storm came in . Forced to stay below the summit he braced himself in his tent . Just when he was about to get blown off , a rope fell down . A fellow climber offered him help to climb up . He made it the rest of the way as his tent fell all the way down .	PERSON and PERSON were out hiking a trail at a state park . It was an expert-level trail , with many steep and narrow inclines . They took their time , but PERSON still slipped once and scraped her knee After several hours they finally made it to the top . The view was fantastically breath-taking .	PERSON decided to go rock climbing with his friends . He did not use a safety harness since he had climbed before He slipped and fell 30 feet to the ground . He broke his ankle and had to have surgery on his back . Next time he goes climbing , he is using a harness .	PERSON needed something new . He had just broke up with his long time girlfriend . He decided he needed to take on a challenge . He called his buddies up and told them he wanted to climb . He climbed to the very top of the highest mountain .	PERSON climbed to the very top of the tree . As he swayed on the branches , he saw his house in the distance . PERSON felt like a king from that height and raised his arms high . He lost his balance however and fell crashing through the branches . As PERSON hung dearly for his life , he realized not to do that again .	I used to go free-hand rock climbing . Lots of people warned me that it was risky . I ignored them and wound up falling some nineteen feet . I was very bruised , but I was also happy to be alive . I have n't climbed since and think of that fall as a lesson learned .	PERSON was afraid of heights . Her friends wanted to go mountain climbing . Instead of staying on the ground , she decided to face of her fears . PERSON decided to climb an indoor mountain . She did fine and was able to go with her friends .	PERSON loved being active . He decided to climb a mountain . He bought all the gear he needed . Then he climbed the tallest mountain in his state . He saw an amazing view at the top !
hair	PERSON has always had rather long hair . A few years ago , she chopped it off . She 's been trying to grow it out again . PERSON is impatient . She decides to order a wig .	PERSON was losing his hair . He cared about his appearance . He visited a doctor . He had hair implants put in . PERSON felt better about his appearance .	PERSON wanted to play football in high school . PERSON had very long hair . During a game an opponent grabbed his hair . PERSON realized he needed to cut his hair.l . PERSON cut his hair .	The sink was clogged . The man pulled out some long hair . The man did n't have long hair . He blamed his roommate . His roommate unclogged the sink .	Miss PERSON made a hair appointment . Not one time in four years has she had her done professionally . Miss PERSON hair was so matted up and tangled . About three inches had to be cut off to comb through it . At the end , Miss PERSON has a wonderful hair style .	My husband tried to cut his beard off . When he was halfway done , the battery died on his clippers . He had half a beard hanging and no way of charging them . He had to go to the store to buy a new charger . He was very embarrassed .	PERSON was an attractive man . He noticed that he was balding . He felt a sudden rush of anxiety . He decided to just shave his head . He felt and looked much better after shaving .	PERSON was a punk rock guy . He wanted to dye his hair blue . He visited a stylist . He asked the stylist to dye his hair blue . The stylist dyed his hair blue .	PERSON really wanted a haircut . But he just did n't have the extra cash to get one . Then his friend offered to cut PERSON 's hair for free . PERSON decided to accept the offer . Soon he had a stylish , free haircut that he loved !
grapes	I used to love grapes . I ate them everyday . One day I ate a bad grape and got food poisoning . I could n't eat for three days straight . Now , I do not like grapes anymore .	PERSON wanted to grow fruit for her family . She tried to plant berry bushes , but long vines strangled them ! She tried growing an apple tree , but the vibes covered that too . Then , in the fall , the vibes began to droop with round orbs . PERSON had grown hundreds of grapes for her family !	The boy was eating grapes . One was shriveled . He thought it tasted like a raisin . He got down a box of raisins . He found out he was correct .	PERSON needed a fruit to eat . He wanted a fruit that tasted good . He looked in the kitchen for the fruit . He almost gave up . Finally , he found some fresh grapes to eat .	The man picked grapes . He put them into a bucket . He read about how to make wine . He followed the instructions . He made a bucket of grape wine .	PERSON bought a huge bag of grapes . He wondered how he would eat them all . He decided he would juice them instead . He shared his juice with his wife . He went and bought more grapes .	PERSON wanted to start making his own wine . However , he needed to find the right grapes . PERSON scheduled interviews with several farmers . PERSON made a decision on a grape farmer for his wine . PERSON was excited to get the wine making process started .	PERSON really likes grapes . He decided to buy a vineyard . Finally , his crop grew . PERSON ate all the grapes . There was nothing left to make wine .	PERSON loved to eat all sorts of fruits . His very favorite was grapes and grape flavored drinks . One day he ran out of all of his grapes . He freaked out and thought that it was the end of the world . His mother called him in and told him she had bought more .
taxi	PERSON loved to ride on taxis . She liked them because she did n't have to drive . One day , she went to another country . After that , she searched for many hours for a taxi . Finally , she found one taxi near a mall .	A couple was picked up by the taxi . A taxi driver drove them to the middle of the woods . Suddenly , his car died . He went to see what was happening . The car sank into the mud .	PERSON drove a taxi in LOCATION . One evening , he picked up a beautiful woman . PERSON tried to ask her on a date . The woman was creeped out and asked to leave . PERSON drove home in dismay .	I wanted to become a taxi driver . My parents disapproved because I had a degree . But , I quit my job regardless and became a taxi driver . Being a taxi driver was difficult and soon I gave up . I realized I should have stuck with a white-collar job .	PERSON was sitting in his taxi waiting for a customer . Someone got in and told him to drive . He asked where to . The man pulled out a gun and told him just to drive . He looked behind him and saw a man in a mask .	PERSON was new to living in LOCATION LOCATION . He was very shy and did n't like to get in the way . One day he needed to call a taxi for the first time . He nervously raised his hand and waited a bit . He quickly decided to take the bus instead .	I was sitting on the bench last month . Our building bench is in front of a driveway . A taxi was parked in the driveway , and the driver looked angry . An old man came out and the driver said he was 30 minutes late . The old man only smiled at the glaring taxi driver .	PERSON needed a taxi from her hotel . She checked outside , but she saw none . Then she decided to ask the bellhop for help . She went inside and explained her predicament . The bellhop happily called a taxi for PERSON .	PERSON needed to get across town to the store . She did n't have a car of her own . Her husband had taken the family car to work . A quick call and she was waiting for the taxi . She got in and they were off to the store !
brownies	This morning I was sitting at the computer . Someone knocked on my door . It was my neighbor PERSON , with brownies . She had promised them in the past , but had not delivered . I was pleasantly surprised , and thanked her .	PERSON 's grades were n't good . He wanted to get better grades . He decided to bribe the teacher . He made him brownies . His grades went up .	I was really craving some chocolate . I decided I would try to bake some brownies . I thought I did everything according to the recipe . I had a mistake though , I used regular sugar not powdered . The brownies tasted gritty like they had sand in them .	The mother and son were baking brownies together . The son asked if he could lick the spoon . The mother was reluctant to say yes because of raw egg in the batter . The son kept whining and begging , so his mother relented . The son later said he had a stomach ache .	PERSON loved his wife 's brownies very much . She usually made them when he had a bad day at work . PERSON told his wife he had a bad day , even though it was n't the truth . She went into the kitchen and made fresh baked brownies for him . She brought the plate of brownies to him and he smiled .	PERSON was making brownies for a dinner party . She put the brownies in the oven and decided to take a shower . In the shower , PERSON was distracted by the warm water . PERSON forgot to take the brownies out of the oven . There was no dessert for the dinner party .	PERSON thought she was a wonderful chef . She made brownies for her friend . Her friend refused to eat them because they were burnt . PERSON was very embarrassed . She practiced and became a great chef .	One day my friend PERSON gave us brownies . The next day I thanked her while sitting on the bench . She gave me a shush sign . She later told me she gives brownies out to 12 people . She did n't want any other residents to find out .	My friend PERSON went to LOCATION on his honeymoon . He decided to go to places not seen by tourists . He and his wife went to a tea shop . They were served brownies laced with pot . His wife was not appreciative .
falling down	PERSON was home alone . He heard a noise outside . PERSON went outside to see what the noise was . It was dark and he tripped . No one was around to help PERSON up .	PERSON was an avid skateboarder . One day his buddies were making challenges . PERSON was challenged to do a trick with the board on some steps . PERSON tried the trick , falling flat on his face . His buddies laughed loudly , saying they got the fall on video !	PERSON was set to run a marathon . He was a favorite to win it . At the beginning PERSON tripped and hurt himself . He was n't able to keep running . PERSON had to forfeit .	PERSON moved into a house with stairs . He was older and had trouble moving around . He fell down once . He was unable to get up from the bottom of the stairs . They found his body not long after .	PERSON was putting up christmas lights . He was on top of a shaky ladder . The ladder tipped over and john fell . He hurt his back and had to call for help . His wife took him to the hospital .	PERSON was playing with friends . They were skipping around . PERSON fell down in front of everyone . She thought they would make fun of her . Instead PERSON 's friends checked to make sure she was okay .	PERSON was drunk at a party . He tried looking for the bathroom upstairs . On the last step he tripped . PERSON rolled all the way down the stairs . He was seriously injured and had to be taken to a hospital .	PERSON was out putting up christmas lights . It was cold and slippery . He was on top of a ladder . PERSON slipped and fell off . He was injured pretty bad .	PERSON was drunk at the bar . He could n't drive home . He decided to walk instead . PERSON tripped and fell over . A cop arrested him for public intoxication .
mother 's day	PERSON was always bad at holidays . This year he tried his best to remember mother 's day . He sent his mother a card . PERSON then took her out to dinner . His mother was very appreciative .	PERSON made sure that his mom was still asleep . He crept to the kitchen and prepared a delicious breakfast . He brought it into his parent 's room and gently woke his mom . She sat up sleepily and rubbed her eyes . She smiled as PERSON wished her a happy Mother 's Day .	PERSON made her mother an oven mitt for mother 's day . Her mother opened the package and forced a smile . PERSON knew her mother did n't like the gift . She went to her room to cry . PERSON 's mom came in to scold her later that night .	PERSON wanted to paint her mother a picture for Mother 's Day . She went to the store and bought a canvas and oil paints . PERSON then got a table ready in her room for the actual painting . She painted a field of wild flowers since they are her mom 's favorite . Her mother cried when PERSON gave her the gift on her special day .	PERSON decided to get his mom a card for mother 's day . He shopped every store he could think of . Nothing was a good fit . He ended up making his own card . His mom loved it just the same .	For Mother 's Day I wanted to do something special for my mom . We lived in different cities so I had to send something online . I decided to send her flowers and chose a beautiful teacup bouquet . It was expensive but I was excited for her to receive it . In the end , the company decided not to ship them and I was very sad .	Yesterday was Mother 's Day . I planned a great day for my mom . We made her breakfast in bed . Later in the day we all gave her our gifts . My gift was her favorite !	I forgot to buy my mother a gift for Mother 's Day . When I got to the store , they were out of flowers . I bought her a card and a small chocolate cake . I felt bad for not remembering Mother 's Day . She loved the card and cake though !	For mother 's day PERSON cooked her mother 's favorite meal . It is Italian spaghetti with garlic bread . She spent several hours cooking it . Her mom eat it . She loved it .
the puppy	PERSON was sad because he did n't have any friends . His parents thought a puppy might cheer him up . The family went to the animal shelter to look at dogs . PERSON picked out a puppy and named it PERSON . Now PERSON is happy because he has friend .	PERSON wanted a puppy . His parents did n't think he was responsible enough . PERSON wanted to show his parents that he was . He cleaned the house weekly to show them . PERSON 's parents agreed to get him a puppy .	PERSON wanted a puppy for his birthday . His parents told him that they did not have time for a dog . PERSON was disappointed . PERSON 's parents threw him a party in the back yard . When he went outside , his parents had gotten the puppy .	PERSON went to friend 's house after work . She brought a puppy with her that someone had left at her work . She told her friend PERSON he should take the adorable puppy . After 1 hour with the cute puppy he could n't resist . The puppy has been in PERSON 's life for 11 Year 's now .	PERSON was shopping with his mom for Christmas . He saw an adorable puppy in the pet store window . He begged his mom to get the puppy , but she did n't want a dog . Christmas finally came and PERSON started to open presents . He heard a bark from a box and was ecstatic to find it was the puppy .	PERSON was driving her car to work one morning . She saw a box sitting beside the road , with a puppy inside . She stopped her car and went over to investigate . The puppy jumped up and wagged his tail at PERSON . PERSON gave him a big hug , took him home , and adopted him .	PERSON wanted to surprise his sister . He knew she wanted a puppy . He went to the shelter and adopted one . He gave it to her for her birthday . She absolutely loved the puppy .	Grace got a bad illness . Grace went to the hospital . Her parents wanted to do something nice for her . They rented a puppy that she could play with . PERSON became very happy .	PERSON found an injured puppy on the sidewalk . Concerned for the puppy , she took it to the vet . The vet said that if she had n't taken the puppy it would have died . The vet healed the puppy . PERSON decided to adopt the puppy and give it a loving home .
the bird	PERSON planted a tree in her backyard . Soon , a bird moved in ! She built a nest and laid some eggs . PERSON liked to watch the bird fly in and out . It was a beautiful creature !	PERSON was playing outside . All of the sudden , a bird decided to perch on his shoulder . PERSON was excited and took a picture with the bird . The bird suddenly flew away . PERSON realized that the bird defecated on his shoulder .	I was woken up by my cat running across me at full speed . He had brought a bird in and let it go so he could chase it . I got up and started chasing it with him . I found a towel and threw it over the bird in mid flight . I then took it outside and let it go unharmed .	A bird landed on PERSON 's front stoop . He tweeted loudly and flapped his wings . PERSON came outside to see what the racket was . When she opened the door , the bird flew inside ! PERSON had to swat it with a broom to get it back outside .	When I was a child , I was in my grandma 's yard trying to catch a bird . Grandma said you will never catch an adult bird . I devised a trap out of a box , a stick and a string . I put bread crumbs under it , pulled the string and caught a bird . I went in to show grandma I caught a bird .	One day Sue heard a loud bang from her front room . She looked out the window . A bird had flown into the window and knocked itself out . She put the bird in a box so a cat would n't eat it . After an hour the bird flew away like nothing had happened .	A bird flew in through an open window . It flew all around inside and scared many people . A man tried to catch the bird with a net . The little bird was too quick for the man . The bird flew back out the window and escaped .	My mom bought a bird when I was six . It was the meanest bird ever . It would purposely fly out of the cage to attack me . I assumed it would die in a few Year 's . But after 19 Year 's I 'm convinced it 's gon na live forever .	PERSON wanted a bird . His mom thought it was a bad idea . He did extra chores around the house and kept his room clean . His mom still felt that it was a bad idea but gave in . PERSON turned out to be very responsible for his new bird .
growing up	PERSON was turning 13 soon and starting middle school . She thought this was a good time to wear makeup . PERSON asked her mom if she could start wearing makeup . Her mom thought for many days about it . PERSON was allowed to start wearing mascara only .	When I was growing up I lived in LOCATION . But my dad was in the army and we would move around a lot . We had to move to LOCATION . At first I hated it , but then I made a bunch of new friends . Now , I really like living in LOCATION .	I was finally eighteen . My parents forced me to move out of their house . I did n't have a job . I tried to look for a job but my luck was down . I ended up homeless .	PERSON was a high school senior . She thought graduation meant freedom . After graduation PERSON moved out of her parents house . She realized bills are expensive . PERSON dreams of going back to high school .	PERSON went away to college . He learned a lot about himself . He learned to become independent and to solves problems . After college he moved back home and felt empowered . He was an adult now and he was happy with that .	PERSON wanted to grow up . He wanted to be an adult . He told his parents that he was an adult . They showed him the electric bill . PERSON no longer wanted to be an adult .	It was PERSON 's birthday yesterday . She got a birthday cake and presents . Everyone had fun except for her . She cried . She could n't get over the fact that she was so old .	PERSON was the youngest of three brothers . He was always treated well , but felt like he was emotionally neglected . He did n't try very hard to get people to notice him because he was shy . His older brother , PERSON , asked him why he was really sensitive . PERSON was finally able to tell someone what bothered him so badly .	PERSON had just turned 12 . Because of this , she started to notice changes in her body . The change that was the most irritating was the acne on her face . She went to the doctor for the acne . The doctor assured her it was normal and gave her some acne medicine .
puppies	PERSON 's dog was going to have puppies any day . She made sure she was comfortable . When PERSON came home from work , Pepper was in labor . Pepper had 8 little pups . They kept all 8 babies .	My friend bought some puppies the other day . She invited me over to her place to play with them . I stayed all day and played with her puppies . I got back to my house late at night . I ca n't wait to play with those puppies again .	My dog had puppies . It was cold outside . She came into the garage . She had one puppy outside . It did not survive .	PERSON wanted a puppy . She begged her parents for months . On her birthday , her parents brought her to the animal shelter . She picked out a puppy and they adopted him . PERSON loved the dog and they were inseparable .	PERSON 's dog had puppies . PERSON tried to help with them . The dog was overly protective . It caused two puppies to die . PERSON was able to save the rest .	PERSON loved dogs . Her family decided to get a puppy . He was so much work . She did n't know it would be that hard . She decided to get rid of the puppy .	PERSON had a really rough day . Her friends suggested she go rent a puppy for a day . PERSON liked the idea . She drove with her friend to the Puppy Barn . The puppy made her really happy again .	We had a litter of puppies last week . There are five cute puppies . We call the small one Tiny . We named the biggest one Fatty . The puppies eyes are starting to open today .	My mom 's dog was getting very fat . My mom knew she was n't feeding her too much . So , my mom took her to the vet . The vet declared that the dog was pregnant . Now , my mom has four dogs .
the video game	PERSON was a gamer . She bought a new video game . It was exciting but violent . Her mom told her she was n't allowed to play it anymore . PERSON cried and stomped her feet .	I bought a new video game system yesterday . It was really expensive . I could only afford a few games . I was so excited to play . It was worth the money .	PERSON 's eyes were red and watery . He 'd been playing a video game for nine hours straight . His mom told him to go to sleep . He snuck back into the living room and played more . PERSON wanted to play until he beat the game .	PERSON really wanted a certain video game . Christmas was coming up and he told his parents that he wanted it . On Christmas day PERSON opened all of his presents . He was upset to see he did n't receive the video game . PERSON proceeded to throw a temper tantrum .	The kids decided to have a sleepover . They played video games for six hours straight . Their eyes burned and their fingers ached . They tried to go to bed but they kept thinking about the video games . They were totally addicted .	The kids loved their video game system . They bought a new game . They stayed up all night playing it . It was a fun new game ! They beat it after 10 hours of playing .	PERSON 's eyes were bloodshot . She had played video games for hours on end . She finally decided to go take a nap . She could n't fall asleep , though . She just kept thinking about how to beat the next level .	The kid got a new video game for his birthday . It was a game where the players shot zombies . His parents said it was too scary for him . They took the game away before he could play . The kid was so mad !	PERSON needed money for a video game . His friend offered PERSON sixty dollars to mow his lawn . PERSON mowed his friends lawn . He got the sixty dollars . He loved his new video games .
caught	PERSON and PERSON were drinking at a bar one night . A short , wrinkled woman with a glass eye sat beside them slowly . The woman warned the pair of great danger and told them to be careful . PERSON and PERSON said they had to leave and promptly exited . Out of breath , PERSON asked PERSON how the woman could have known .	My wife noticed me using incognito mode online . She asked what I was doing . I said I was looking up a birthday gift for her . She knew I was lying . Now I 'm not allowed to use the computer .	PERSON was very excited about christmas . He could n't sleep the day before . Suddenly , at 2 am , he heard noises . He got up to see if there were gifts . He found the gifts .	PERSON was bored in his room while he was grounded . His dad was at work , and his mother was in her garden out front . He decided he would sneak and play Nintendo . He did n't hear his mother come in the back door . His mother was so furious she locked the Nintendo in her car trunk .	Naya was 11 and wanted to wear makeup at school . Her parents forbid it , but she just applied it before class . One afternoon , though , she forgot to wash it off . Her mom and dad caught her wearing a full face of makeup ! Naya was grounded for a month !	PERSON thought church was long and boring . One week she snuck in comic books to read during the sermon . But her mom caught her reading the comics ! At home , she grounded PERSON for a month . PERSON wished she had n't brought comics to church .	PERSON loved PERSON from afar , and each day at school she thought of him . She began to skip little notes into his locker . When PERSON caught her doing it , she was humiliated . But he told her that he 'd only spied on her to ask her for a date ! So she went from secret admirer to happy girlfriend .	PERSON was growing marijuana in his basement . He thought no one would find out . But somehow , the police got wind of it . They showed up at PERSON 's door to investigate . When they found the plants , they placed PERSON under arrest .	PERSON was n't allowed to wear makeup to school . But one morning , she snuck makeup to class and applied it there . She felt so mature and grown-up all day ! But when she got home , her mother grounded her immediately . PERSON realized she 'd forgotten to wash off her makeup !
the lake	PERSON loved being outside . He decided to go to the lake . He brought his kayak and put it on the water . He paddled around and admired the water . It was a beautiful , peaceful day on the lake !	I decided to go fishing at the local lake . I was there almost two hours before my first bite . After my first bite I starting to reel them in left and right . I guess that timing matters for fishing . I decided to come fishing at a later time next trip .	The family wanted to go sailing . They loaded up their boat and hit the road . One they got to the lake , they immediately set sail . They loved spending their time out on the water . The lake was calm and blue .	PERSON and PERSON decided on going to the lake for a picnic . As they set out their blanket , they saw a bear . Startled , they both backed away slowly . The bear went into their lunch box as they ran away . They left their belongings , but had a great story to tell !	PERSON was floating on a big lake whilst on vacation . He had a life jacket on as he was n't a very strong swimmer . Suddenly the wind picked up and blew PERSON far across the lake . His family dived in and swam right to him as quick as they could . They made it to him just in time and brought him back to shore .	PERSON loved the water . He spent time on the lake whenever he could . One day , he took his boat out . He paddled it for hours . PERSON was so at peace when he was boating .	Frank wanted to catch fish at the lake . He woke up early and traveled to the lake . When he arrived , hundreds of people were at the lake . Frank could not even get his boat in the water . Frank when home and did not catch fish .	The couple took a romantic trip to the lake . They stayed in a nice cabin by the water . They went boating and relaxed in the hammock . They were happy to reconnect with each other . When they returned home , they decided to buy a lake house .	PERSON was excited to go to the lake . Him and his family drove all day in order to get to the lake . They were going to stay at a cabin for the whole weekend . PERSON became sick on the drive towards the lake . PERSON was no longer excited .
new pet	PERSON loved animals . PERSON begged her parents for a new pet . She was told she would n't get a new pet . PERSON gave up hope . Then her parents surprised her with a new dog .	PERSON 's wife wants a new puppy . PERSON was never much of a dog person , but he loved his wife dearly . At the weekend , PERSON took his wife to the pet store to have look . His wife begged and begged for a pit-bull , but PERSON was n't happy . The couple agreed on a Labrador and they could n't have been happier .	PERSON is 5 years old and wants a pet . He has been asking for a dog for a long time . His mom agreed to take him to the animal shelter . PERSON met a dog he really liked . His mom liked the dog too and let him take the dog home .	I adopted a new cat the other day . I figured it would be nice for my other cat . That way they have someone to play with . I brought him home and was excited to see them interact . They got into a big fight right away and I had to return it .	PERSON had been very responsible with his chores lately . His mom decided to get him a pet . She brought him to the pet store . He chose a chameleon . He named it PERSON .	PERSON wanted a pet cat . He went to the pound and ask to look at the cats . There was only one cat left at the pound . The cat was old and fat . PERSON got a dog instead .	PERSON decided he was ready to get a pet . He went to the local shelter to decide on a dog or cat . After looking at all the animals , he still could n't make up his mind . On the way out , he heard a dog start barking and running after him . PERSON smiled as he realized the dog made the decision for him .	We never had a dog when I was young . But my sister really wanted one . So we went to the local SPCA and fell in love with one . He was a big black lab , but we instantly bonded . Now I want to get my own dog from the SPCA .	PERSON wanted to get a pet . His dad took him to the pet store . At the pet store they looked at different kinds of animals . PERSON ended up liking a dwarf hamster . PERSON 's dad bought him the dwarf hamster .
wallet	I bike to work every day . One day I found a wallet . It had a name on it . I called the owner and arranged for him to pick up the wallet . He gave me a $ 100 tip .	PERSON was very upset . He had lost his wallet ! He had looked everywhere but with no luck . But then a stranger called him and said she 'd found it ! It turned out that PERSON had left it at the grocery store .	A man asked PERSON if he could borrow some money . PERSON checked his pocket only to realize there was nothing there . The man then showed that he had PERSON 's wallet . PERSON had left his wallet on the counter while ordering food . The man was returning it , but wanted to prank PERSON .	Wally found a wallet while walking home . He decided to wait for someone to claim it . After waiting for half an hour , he went to the police station . While at the station , someone was already asking for a lost wallet . The man offered PERSON a reward for his honesty .	PERSON found a wallet in the men 's room one day . He looked inside and saw money and credit cards . PERSON was tempted by the cash . But then he resolved to do the right thing . PERSON took the wallet to the lost-and-found right away .	PERSON was at a restaurant when he discovered he did not bring his wallet He had already eaten his food . The waiter said he could not leave without paying . PERSON offered to help in the kitchen to pay for his food . He had to work for hours to pay for his meal before he could go home .	I was walking along the sidewalk . I saw a wallet on the ground . I picked it up . There was a driving license in it . I mailed the wallet to the address on the license .	PERSON PERSON PERSON reached into PERSON 's backpack . PERSON pulled out PERSON 's wallet . PERSON yelled at PERSON to give back PERSON 's wallet . PERSON gave back PERSON 's Wallet . PERSON thanked PERSON for helping her .	My wife shops on FB . She found a nice wallet for sale . It was in LOCATION , not far from here . She bought it today . We are picking it up on Thursday .
the teacher	One person influenced my life more so than any other person . Someone who taught me I can be who I want to be . That person is my teacher , and someone I 'm forever indebted too . As the years passed , he got older and plans for retirement . Today is that day , and I 'm outside his door with a smile .	PERSON was a new teacher . She had just signed a contract with a preschool . She was so excited to meet her students ! On her first day , she was very nervous . PERSON took a deep breath and welcomed her students .	PERSON was a good teacher . But a student was really getting on his nerves . The student kept talking well PERSON was teaching his lesson . Frank finally had enough and kicked the student out . Frank continued to teach .	PERSON dreamed of being a teacher . He went to school for over fours Year 's . After graduating , he landed his first job . PERSON realized that he hated teaching . PERSON went to school to do photography instead .	PERSON loved children and teaching . After she graduated from college , she accepted a job as a teacher . The job was n't what she thought it would be . The kids were disrespectful and rude , and she hated her job . Soon , PERSON did not love teaching anymore .	PERSON just knew she wanted to be a teacher . She loved kids and she liked summers off , so that 's what she became . She worked hard every day to become a teacher . Then when she became one , she did n't quite like it anymore . She decided the best job for her was not teaching !	PERSON started second grade . She had a new teacher ! PERSON brought her an apple to start her year off well . The teacher smiled and said that she appreciated it . PERSON was happy she had been so kind .	Mrs PERSON was nervous . She was starting her first day of teaching ! She practiced what she would say to her class . She marched in with a big smile on her face . She was determined to make it a good year !	PERSON was a school teacher . She had a student that was failing . She offered to give extra credit . He refused . He failed her class .
cat	Hall had a very lovely cat . One day , he wanted to feed it breakfast . Suddenly , he could not find it . He searched everywhere and could not find it . Finally , he found his cat in the bathroom .	PERSON bought a new kitten . The kitten would claw and tear the couch to pieces . He decided to have the cat declawed . The cat never let him touch his paws again . The cat also never clawed the couch again .	PERSON loved to feed her cat . She bought the best food for it . She got the food out for the cat . She put it in the bowl . The cat ate the food .	PERSON and her brothers were going to pick berries . Her brother forgot to close the door . The neighbors cat went into the house . PERSON tried to catch it before it got in the house . But the cat was too fast for her .	Angel is my pet cat . She only drinks water out of a goblet . She is a very spoiled cat . I tried giving her cat food . She refused to eat it and only eats human food !	I bought a cat . The cat was mean to me . I decided to give up the cat for adoption . But , I realized I loved the cat . I decided to keep the cat even though it was mean .	PERSON noticed the cat was acting weird . He then saw something attached to her butt . When he looked at it he thought it looked weird . He then realized it was part plastic . She had eaten some plastic bags and got sick .	PERSON wanted to get a cat . She decided to go to the pound to find one . And adorable black cat caught her eye . The associate told her that black cats do n't often get adopted . PERSON ignored superstitions and brought her new friend home .	PERSON wanted a cat . She asked her dad if she could get one . And he agreed ! The next day they went car shopping . PERSON loved her new kitty !
lost cat	PERSON 's cat ran out the door . He did n't bother to chase after it . PERSON figured the cat would return . After a few days he started getting worried . By the time he looked the cat was gone forever .	The Winstons lost their cat one day . They heard sounds in the basement . One night all the lights went out . They checked the basement and found their cat electrocuted . It tried to eat through a wire .	PERSON swerved her car just in time to avoid a cat . The cat hissed but was safe on the other side of the road . As it did n't have a collar , PERSON got out of her car . She took the cat with her to her home . And once arrived , she created posters to put on the nearby poles .	PERSON 's pet cat ran out the door one day . PERSON chased after it but did n't catch it . He felt he had lost it . He called out for it a few times and the cat ran up . PERSON was happy to have found it so soon .	PERSON was getting upset because her cat got stuck in a tree . She raced frantically to call the fire department to help her . As soon as the fire department got there , they got the cat down . To her relief , the cat was just fine . PERSON walked away and would never let that happen again .	PERSON had a cat . She loved the cat . One day it got caught in the tree . PERSON got mad . She looked for it and tried to get it .	PERSON 's cat ran away from home one day . PERSON did n't see it for days . He was about to start putting up signs . All of a sudden PERSON 's cat popped up . PERSON was happy and relieved .	PERSON got home from work one day to find his cat missing . He looked for him everywhere . Eventually he realized that his cat had escaped . He went outside and called for him . PERSON 's cat eventually came up running and they were reunited .	PERSON saw a sign that said Lost Cat . Then she saw the cat itself ! She coaxed it to her . Then she put it in her car . She drove it to the owners , who happily welcomed it .
savings	Parents opened a savings account for their daughter . She saved her pennies . They deposited it every Friday . She began to see it grow . She bought a toy with her money .	PERSON wanted a new Lego set that he had seen at the toy store . He knew that his parents would n't give him the money . PERSON decided to save his chore money so that he could buy it himself . He worked and saved for several weeks until he finally had enough . That night he proudly showed his parents the new toy he had earned .	PERSON tried really hard to save money . But there was always something he wanted to buy . At the grocery store , he ended up buying candy in the checkout line . And a week later , he did n't have money for enough food . PERSON decided to drink alcohol and ended up homeless .	PERSON decided to always have at least $ 600 in his bank account . But he wanted to buy something . Afterwards , he decided he would always have at least $ 500 . Eventually , his account balance became lower and lower . PERSON was left with no money .	Oni worked hard to save money . She decided to start college funds for her sons , PERSON and PERSON . She saved every dollar she could . When PERSON and PERSON turned 18 , Oni was so proud . She could afford college for both of them - entirely !	PERSON wanted to save enough money for a new car . Every paycheck , she set aside twenty dollars . She put the money in a savings account and never touched it . After one year , she had earned enough to buy the car she wanted . PERSON was so proud of herself and her saving ability !	PERSON was an author . PERSON had no savings . PERSON needed his next book to sell well . His next book sold well . PERSON contributed to his savings accounts significantly .	PERSON and his three friends made a movie . They made a lot of money . PERSON 's three friends went broke and wondered how PERSON did not . His friends asked him how he stayed wealthy . PERSON informed them that he saved everything .	PERSON had no retirement savings . She started to invest in her 401K . She contributed as much as she could . In 10 Years , she had caught up . She was on track to retire !
the turkey	PERSON was busy cooking . She was making Thanksgiving dinner this year . She put the turkey in the oven at 7am . It baked all day . Right at noon , it was time to take it out !	PERSON was busy in the kitchen . She was having twenty guests over for Thanksgiving ! She put the turkey in at 8am . She was busy cooking all morning . WHen the turkey came out , it was a beautiful brown color .	PERSON was assigned to cook the turkey for Thanksgiving . She bought the biggest turkey she could find . She found a great recipe . She bought all the correct seasonings and a pan . PERSON went to put the turkey in the oven and it would n't fit !	PERSON was making Thanksgiving dinner . She had never made a turkey before . She carefully followed the directions . When it was dinner time , she pulled it out of the oven . It was perfect !	A turkey walked across the field . A hunter was watching it . He reached for his turkey call and tried to call it in . The turkey was too smart ! He ran off in the other direction and hid in the woods .	PERSON was helping her mother prepare Thanksgiving dinner . It was the first year she was old enough to help . She placed the turkey tray in the oven and closed the door . Three hours later her mother informed her the oven was still off . The family had chicken for dinner instead .	PERSON heard a funny noise outside . It was a wild turkey ! He watched the weird creature wander around the yard . Finally , it went back into the woods . PERSON could n't believe what he had just seen !	PERSON bought a small farm . She had chickens and goats . She decided to add a turkey to her animals . She bought the biggest turkey she could find . It terrorized her other animals !	PERSON was rushing around in the kitchen . She was hosting Thanksgiving and had a lot to do ! She pulled the turkey out and was shocked . It was still frozen ! She served her family side dishes and pie , but no turkey .
dream	PERSON fell asleep for a nap one afternoon . He had a lovely dream of kissing a girl . Then he stirred and opened his eyes . PERSON saw that his dog was slobbering on his mouth ! Disgusted , he got up and quickly brushed his teeth .	I had a dream about paratransit vans last night . I had a stroke and use paratransit . In my dream I told a friend how hard it was to get onto the van . This is because the van has three steps . I woke up feeling depressed .	I had a dream last night . I dreamed I was a young English guy . I was laid off from work . So I decided to live with my girlfriend . I woke up as myself - a retired old married Chinese man .	Last night I dreamed about my friends in NH . I dreamed my friend 's daughter broke up with her boyfriend . As a result her grades in college were falling . Her parents were furious and demanded she get her grades up . I woke up and realized it was all a bad dream .	Last night I had a dream . I dreamed I was back at work . I saw a locomotive driving by and took photos . Then I helped load up a truck . I woke up to find myself back to reality , stroke ridden .	PERSON wanted to remember his dreams better . His friend suggested he write them down after waking . PERSON bought a pen and paper to leave by his bedside . PERSON began writing notes about his dreams upon awakening . PERSON was pleased he was able to remember his dreams better .	PERSON loved dancing since she was young . Her dream was to become a ballerina . She asked her mom to send her to ballet classes . She practiced ballet very hard for many years . She became a professional ballerina for a famous company in LOCATION LOCATION .	I had a violent dream last night . I dreamed I was a Mafia gangster . We were attacked by Muslim soldiers . They had a lot more weapons and I was afraid of dying . I woke up in a sweat .	I had a dream last night . In my dream I was sitting in front of a building . Diesel locomotives from the 1950s were running by the building . I was happy to see such pretty locomotives . I woke up feeling very happy .
kindergarten	PERSON was excited about her first day of kindergarten . Her friend who lived next door was going to the same school . They decided to walk to school together on that first day . While walking they discovered they had the same teacher . When they arrived at their class , they chose to sit by each other .	PERSON is in kindergarten . She does not like her teacher . Her teacher reprimanded her in front of the class . PERSON was embarrassed . PERSON was happy once the last day of school was over .	PERSON was going to start kindergarten . She was very excited but also very nervous . PERSON was used to spending all her time around family only . Her first day school went well . PERSON loved school and became a very popular student .	It was PERSON 's first day of kindergarten . Her mom went to drop her off at the school . However , PERSON did not want her to leave . She held on to her mom and cried . Eventually , the teacher was able to coax PERSON away from her mom .	It was PERSON 's first day of kindergarten . He was nervous to be away from home for the first time . But he tried to be brave as he entered the classroom . There , his new teacher was kind and helpful to him all day ! At the end of the day , PERSON already loved kindergarten !	It was PERSON 's first day of Kindergarten . He was very nervous . He clung to his mother 's leg , but she finally left and he had to stay . After a little while , he started to take part in the class . By the end of the day , he was glad he had gone !	It was PERSON 's first day of kindergarten . Her parents worried that she might start crying . So both of them walked her to the classroom and told her to have fun . PERSON turned around and walked into the classroom without looking back . This time is was not the kid , but the parents , who shed a tear .	PERSON was so excited for her first day of school . She arrived at school with a huge grin on her face . She waved bye to her mom and started playing with her daycare friends . She had nap time and snack time and recess . It was the best day ever !	PERSON liked to read stories . She liked it so much , that she wanted to be a kindergarten teacher . She enrolled on a course to learn how . After years of gruelling studies , she had her exams . PERSON passed with flying colours and soon became a teacher .
wedding day	PERSON and PERSON met in college . Soon after , they began dating and fell in love . One day , PERSON proposed , and of course PERSON said yes . They planned a perfect wedding , and all guests had a great time . Ultimately , they lived happily ever after .	PERSON was really nervous at his wedding . He loved his wife dearly and wanted everything to go right . He got dizzy while reciting his vows . The next thing PERSON knew he was waking up on a chair . PERSON 's wife thought it was hilarious and loved him even more .	PERSON looked as beautiful as ever in her long white wedding dress . She was smiling so big at how the special day was going . She started walking down the aisle as her eyes met her mates . He smiled just as big with tears in his eyes as he took her hands . The pastor spoke over them and now they were husband and wife .	PERSON was getting married . It decided to rain at the last minute . PERSON did n't care . The wedding went on according to plan . She loved every minute of it .	PERSON 's wedding was in a day . He had never been so nervous before in his life . He tried talking to people about it but nothing helped . Everyone told him he was just getting cold feet . PERSON never showed up on his wedding day .	Today is the day of PERSON 's wedding . She is excited , in the morning she went and got her hair done . At three pm she took a limo to the Church to marry her husband . PERSON and her new husband PERSON looked great during their dance . They left in the limo for the airport .	PERSON is getting married two months from now . She is so in loved with her fiance . But something is bothering her . She thinks they might not be ready to get married . But despite of those confusions she decided to attend her wedding day .	PERSON is getting married to her fiance very soon . The stress of the wedding is overwhelming . Her mom is going crazy with preparation and it 's too much . PERSON snapped and yelled at her mom . She eventually apologized and everything was ok .	PERSON woke the morning she was supposed to marry PERSON . PERSON at a balanced breakfast and showered right away . PERSON them went to her stylist to get her hair and makeup done . PERSON them put on her wedding dress and shoes . PERSON then walked down the aisle to marry PERSON .
snow storm	PERSON lived in area that had a lot of snowstorms . The storms could be pretty bad , leaving roads impassable . PERSON always listened to the weather station during storm times . One morning while driving to work a big storm was predicted . He turned his car around and went home , in order to be safe .	PERSON was poor . He could n't afford to keep the heat on during winter . A strong snow storm hit . PERSON was n't able to keep warm . He died of hypothermia .	When I was 20 , I drove to LOCATION . I was visiting a friend who was going to LOCATION . A huge snow storm hit right after I dropped him off . I was trapped in my little car in the snow . I spent the entire night in a gas station parking lot .	PERSON decided to go skiing in a snowstorm . His friends told him it was a bad idea . He set out against howling winds and pelting snow . Finally , he made it to the bottom of the diamond run . He had a cup of hot chocolate with his friends at the lodge .	PERSON was driving to a friend 's house when a big snow storm came up . She had to pull over and spend the night at a hotel . It snowed all through the night . The next morning , the roads were icy and dangerous . PERSON had to cancel her trip and go home for her own safety .	During a big snow storm , I woke up one night . My neighbor 's cat was screaming to get in . After half an hour my neighbor did n't open her door . As the cat was still screaming for help , I went downstairs . My neighbor opened the door , she screamed at me , and left the cat out .	PERSON was getting ready for the big snow storm . He had a shovel , but did not have salt to melt the ice . PERSON went to the store to buy the salt . He was able to buy the last bag of salt . PERSON got home right as the snow began to fall .	I was driving home when a big storm hit . The snow was intense and blinding . I had to pull over to the side of the road to be safe . It did n't stop for hours . I was stuck until a tow truck arrived after the storm .	PERSON and her friends are excited there is a big snowstorm coming . While they are in school , it starts to snow . Their teacher tells them there will be no school the next day . PERSON and her friends are so excited for a snow day the next day ! After school , they go outside and play in the snow !
the cave	The family loved exploring . They found a cave in a state park that they 'd never seen before . THey crawled in and shined their flashlights . They went further and further in . It was the most they 'd ever explored a cave !	The kids were out exploring . They found a dark , deep cave . They hiked deep into it . They heard a growling sound coming from in it . They ran to the entrance as fast as they could !	PERSON was exploring . He found a cave in the woods . PERSON went deep into the cave with his lantern . A bat flew and hit him in the head ! PERSON ran as fast as he could out of the cave .	Bif and PERSON stood outside of a dark cave they never saw before . PERSON dared PERSON to go inside the cave and explore . PERSON was scared to go , but said if PERSON went with him , he 'd be willing . PERSON laughed nervously then walked into the cave and taunted Bif . PERSON followed PERSON into the cave and the boys were never seen again .	PERSON wanted to explore a deep cave since he was little . Collecting the supplies for it was the easy part , other than rope . There was so many choices , he did n't know which to choose . So he did research and found the highest quality rope he could . Thankfully he did so , otherwise he would have had a much harder time .	PERSON was exploring a local cave . She walked a mile into the cave 's tunnels . She photographed her journey . She exited after several hours and went to get more supplies . She planned on returning again in the future .	The kids liked hiking . They went to a park that had lots of caves . They explored them until they stumbled on some cave drawings . These were incredible ! They ran to tell a park ranger what they had found .	The class was ready for their field trip . They loaded up on the bus and took off . They arrived at a local cave . The class spent that day looking at all the cave formations . The field trip was fun and informative .	Opening her eyes , the girl saw she was in a cave . It was wet , cold and dark . Her head was bleeding and she could not remember her name . She heard a strange noise and saw a bright light . The rescue team had found her .
reading	PERSON decided to spend her time only reading books . She quit her clubs and stopped eating . PERSON 's parents told her that this was an unhealthy obsession . PERSON began to balance her time between reading and other things . PERSON and her parents felt glad to have worked things out .	PERSON hated to read . He was assigned a book report . He decided to look up the book summary online . He wrote a report based on the summary . The teacher figured this out and gave him a failing grade .	PERSON wanted to read a book . He asked his friend for a recommendation . His friend suggested the Bible . PERSON agreed that was an important book to read . PERSON read the Bible .	PERSON loved reading . She wanted her young daughter to love reading too . Instead , her daughter just ripped the pages from the books . One day , she caught her daughter looking through a picture book . PERSON was so happy !	LOCATION is in first grade and loves to read . Her teacher gives her special books to take home every night . LOCATION likes to read the stories to her family . She gets excited when she learns new words . She wants to keep reading every day .	PERSON was participating in his school 's reading competition . He kept a reading log of his time spent with books . PERSON was then awarded book pins for every ten minutes . PERSON had soon amassed an enormous number of pins . In truth , PERSON had been inflating his numbers throughout the contest .	PERSON was teaching adult literacy at the community center . On her first day she met a man named PERSON . PERSON had never read anything before . Soon she had him sounding out simple words . In under a month PERSON could read whole books by himself !	PERSON wanted to improve his reading . He researched speed reading techniques online . He tried many different methods . He even hired a coach for one hour . He found reading with his finger below the words to help .	PERSON hated reading books . She preferred movies and the internet . That was until she found one she really liked . She could n't put it down . Now she reads more often .
phone	PERSON was at a party . He accidentally dropped his phone . It smashed into pieces . PERSON was very upset . The next day , he bought a new one .	PERSON accidentally cracked his phone 's screen . He contacted the manufacturer for a replacement . The manufacturer told PERSON that his warranty was still in effect . PERSON mailed his phone to the manufacturer . PERSON waited patiently for his phone to be repaired .	PERSON was the only girl in her class without a cell phone . She hoped her parents would get her one for her birthday . But on her birthday they handed her a huge box ! PERSON hid her disappointment and opened the box . Inside was lots of styrofoam peanuts - and a new cell phone !	The phone started ringing . I went to pick it up . It stopped before I got there . There was a message for me . I listened to the message .	PERSON was running for exercise . He was holding his phone in his hand . He was listening to music on his phone . He tripped over a rock . He dropped his phone and it broke .	My friend is always having trouble finding his phone . He has an iPhone 5 . Today his daughter got him an iPhone 6S . He showed the phone off to me today . I told him it would be hard to lose such a large phone .	PERSON walked into his classroom . He told everyone to take their seats . He saw some boys in the back laughing looking at a phone . He walked back there and took the phone from their hands . He told them they would have it back after class .	I wanted a new phone . So I told my parents to buy me one . They said no . So I had to save up . And buy one on my own .	PERSON decided to go for a drive one day . On her journey , she ran out of gas . An elderly couple kindly drove her to a gas station . She felt grateful . On the way back to her car , she gave them five dollars .
makeup	PERSON put on her makeup . It started to run in the heat . She took the makeup off . Her face looked different to her friends . She turned around and cried .	PERSON wanted to make a big first impression at his new school . He went out to buy new makeup . The morning of school he used his best makeup routine . Everyone at school loved his makeup . PERSON made a lot of friends at his new school .	PERSON was bored so she decided to put on makeup . She had eye shadow , blush , and mascara . She applied them and showed her grandmother . When her grandma saw her face she was angry . Her Grandma made PERSON wash the makeup off her face .	PERSON wanted to be allowed to wear her makeup . But her mom said no - fifteen was too young . She promised that PERSON could wear some on her sixteenth birthday . PERSON counted down the days until she turned sixteen . Then her mom took her shopping for eye shadow and lip gloss !	PERSON did not feel good about herself . So to feel better , she decided she was going to buy some makeup . PERSON came home and practiced putting it on . The next day , she wore makeup and got a lot of attention from men . PERSON decided she was going to wear it more often .	PERSON had never put on makeup before and did n't know how . She went to her sister 's room and asked her to help her put it on . Her sister spent several minutes explaining how to do so . The next day she tried and walked out of her room . She knew that she did it wrong because her sister laughed .	PERSON wanted to get better at doing her makeup . She went on Youtube and watched some tutorials . She quickly realized there was much she did n't know about makeup . She watched video after video , slowly becoming better at the art . Today , she is a famous makeup artist in LOCATION .	PERSON was playing in her mother 's makeup . The makeup was very expensive . PERSON wasted a lot of the makeup . Her mother walked in a saw PERSON with a mess of makeup . PERSON got in trouble for playing with the makeup .	The other day I went to buy makeup . I went to the Sephora makeup store . I was looking for a certain contour palette . I ended up finding my perfect palette and eyeliner . I bought the stuff .
dating	PERSON was n't very happy being single . After trying all the usual bars , he made a profile on an online site . He tried asking many girls out , but nobody responded . Finally , a girl named PERSON responded . They went out on several dates and PERSON now has a girlfriend .	PERSON wanted a boyfriend . She was tired of the dating game . She thought she had found someone . Then she found out he had a girlfriend . Dating is tough .	PERSON was a single lady . She decided she wanted to meet new people . She joined online dating . She talked with many men . She began a monogamous relationship with one .	PERSON started dating a cop . He was very nice . They dated for several months . He got a job offer out of town . He asked her to go with and she said no .	PERSON wanted to try online dating . She had some friends do it before and said it was fun . She created an account and got to work . She went on a few dates the first few weeks . Within a month she went on a date with the guy she would marry .	PERSON sat at home alone yet another Friday night . PERSON decided this would be her last night of moping alone . She signed up for many different dating services and waited . The next was contacted by a man asking her on a date . PERSON was no longer alone and was dating again .	PERSON wanted a boyfriend . So she decided she wanted to start dating again . She signed up on a dating site . Men started to message PERSON . She is now actively going on dates every weekend .	PERSON wanted to find a wife . He was not meeting many new people in his daily life . He decided to try online dating . He liked that there was a larger pool of people to choose from . He found his future wife and was very happy .	PERSON was on her first date since her divorce . She was eating dinner with a nice man from work . PERSON realized she was really bored . She ate quickly and asked to be taken home . She hugged the man , said goodbye and went into her house quickly .
first date	PERSON has a date tonight with someone she met online . She is very nervous because she really likes this guy . They have been talking for weeks now online . They went to a nice restaurant and PERSON had a great time ! They have been on five dates now and things are going great .	My first date was when i was eighteen years old . It was with my first boyfriend . We watched movie first . Then we ate in a restaurant . After that he took me to a small zoo and it 's amazing for me .	PERSON asked his crush out on a date . He was really nervous . PERSON tried his best to make everything perfect . Unfortunately the girl was n't that into him . PERSON never get a second date .	PERSON took PERSON on their first date . They had dinner and then saw a movie . Then they went out for a few drinks . They confessed that they 'd both hated the movie . Together they laughed and had a great time !	PERSON was nervous was about her first date with PERSON . She took all day getting ready and changed clothes at least 5 times . PERSON arrived right at 5 and took PERSON out to dinner . PERSON quickly calmed down and had a really good time with PERSON . At the end of the night they decided to make a second date .	PERSON went to school with a beautiful girl named PERSON . PERSON had a huge crush on her . One day PERSON asked PERSON out for a cup of coffee . PERSON agreed and the two went off to the coffee shop . PERSON made a great first impression and even got a kiss .	PERSON and PERSON have no each other for awhile . They 've been talking more lately . PERSON decided to ask PERSON out for a day in LOCATION . PERSON excitedly agreed . They are both nervous and excited .	PERSON was nervous as he asked PERSON to go to the movies with him . When she suggested a romantic comedy , he smiled and said okay . PERSON picked PERSON up at her house 20 minutes before the movie started . He paid for the tickets and popcorn before finding them seats . He did n't like the movie at all but he enjoyed his time with PERSON .	PERSON nervously sat in the car outside the diner gathering courage . He had spied PERSON sitting at the counter sipping a soda . He ventured out of the car and walked toward the building . Just as he was about to turn away , PERSON waved to him . PERSON felt relief wash over him as stepped through the door .
bike ride	PERSON loved to ride bikes . He met a girl who did , too . He asked her on a date . They got their bikes together . They rode around the town .	I took a ride on my bike today . I tried going down a steep hill that i usually avoid . I started speeding down the hill even while pulling the brakes . I could n't figure out a way to stop the bike . I ended up falling off and twisting my ankle .	We rode on the bike path today . It was a 14 mile ride . During the ride we saw a stray cat . We stopped to play with it . It was very friendly .	PERSON bought a new motorcycle . He asked his friends with bikes to go out on a ride . They agreed to go with him . They rode around to several scenic places . PERSON was really happy about his new purchase .	PERSON was at her mother 's house for the weekend . Her niece asked her to sit on the porch so they could ride bikes . PERSON sat on the porch keeping an eye on the kids . PERSON realized they had ridden farther than she said they could They were upset when she told them to put the bikes up and go inside .	Somebody is applying for a job at my wife 's company . She uses her bike for transportation . Her commute would be 4 miles long . The company is concerned about her getting there every day . She said she would use the bus in bad weather .	We went on a bike ride after school . It was perfect weather for a ride . I asked my friend to go with me . She was happy to ride with me . We took a long ride through town .	I was feeling really bored . So I decided to go for a bike ride . During the ride , it started to rain . But it made everything look more beautiful . I was glad I went out for a bike ride .	PERSON was on a first date . His date wanted to go on a bike ride . PERSON was n't in very good shape . After a short while he had to stop . His date thought he was weak .
egg hunt	PERSON was in kindergarten and she loved it . Her teacher was planning an Easter egg hunt . On the morning of the hunt , PERSON was sick . She was so sad that her mother planned an egg hunt at home . PERSON was so happy that she did n't miss having an egg hunt .	PERSON 's grandfather hid 2 dozen eggs on Easter . PERSON and his brother went hunting for them . PERSON found 10 . His brother found 8 . His grandfather had to go find the other ones .	PERSON 's family had relatives over for easter . They all had a big meal . After PERSON and all the other kids got to hunt eggs . PERSON found several of them . He got several treats and other fun prices .	PERSON was at a local park . It was Easter . There was an egg hunt for the kids . PERSON decided to pick some eggs up . He enjoyed the treats in them .	This year was the first time my family participated in the egg hunt . The hunt was at the park by the lake . We found most of our eggs by the docks . We had a lot of fun looking for eggs as a family . We decided to do it again next year .	PERSON went to the store to buy plastic eggs . She also bought bags of Easter candy . When she got home she filled the eggs with candy . She then hit the eggs out in the yard in a variety of places . Her grandkids came over in the morning for the egg hunt .	June planned a big egg hunt for her nieces and nephews . She spent hours hiding eggs in tall grass on her sprawling property . When the egg hunt began , the kids ran in all directions . They came back tired of hunting , each with only a few plastic eggs . Months afterward , colorful shards flew whenever June mowed .	My friend came over and we hid Easter eggs . We hid a very special egg with a prize inside . Then we invited all our other friends over to hunt the eggs . Everyone found many eggs , and one friend found the prize . That friend was the happiest of all .	PERSON was the oldest girl in the Easter egg hunt . She was eleven and the others were nine . So she was sure she would win ! When they turned in their eggs , PERSON frowned . She had been beaten by a seven-year-old !
baking cookies	PERSON wanted some cookies . She had a package of ready to bake cookie dough in the fridge . She preheated the oven according to the directions . After the oven was ready she put the cookies in to bake . PERSON ate the delicious cookies after they were finished baking .	PERSON was baking some cookies . They were for her neighbor 's . But she forgot about them . She left them in too long . So they came out burnt .	PERSON bought a new candle . He lit it in the middle of the day . His roommate entered the room excited . The scent of the candle was fresh cookies . His roommate was disappointed to not find real cookies .	PERSON loved nothing more than to bake cookies . Her friends told her she was nothing but an old stereotype . But they still ate her cookies . And they kept asking for more cookies . Finally PERSON went out and found some better friends .	PERSON wanted to surprise her boyfriend . She started baking cookies . Unfortunately she fell asleep by accident . She woke up too late . The cookies were burnt and her boyfriend dumped her .	PERSON wanted to make chocolate chip cookies . She went to the store to purchase the ingredients . Once home , she mixed everything together . She wanted to sample the dough but waited until the cookies were done . She had three cookies that night with a glass of milk .	PERSON loves to bake cookies with her grandmother . Every Christmas they bake dozens together . This year they are making chocolate chip , sugar and gingerbread . One Friday after PERSON got out of school they got to work . They baked cookies all afternoon .	PERSON wanted to surprise her boyfriend . She decided to bake him some cookies . She spent a lot of time making sure they came out perfect . She spent even more time decorating them . PERSON 's boyfriends was thrilled .	My friend and I skipped school one day . We went to her house and hung out all day . We decided to bake some cookies . We listened to Coolio and made chocolate chip cookies . We ate them and talked all day .
grades	PERSON was in high school . She was used to making all A 's . She had forgotten about a test . PERSON decided to cheat . However she got caught and got an F.	PERSON was in middle school . She was used to getting good grades . One day she forgot to study . Her teacher gave a pop test . PERSON made her first bad grade .	In Elementary school we took standardized tests . I was very nervous about my grade and so were my friends . I remember asking them how they thought they did , and they said fine . I was n't so sure about my grade , but we got the results the next day . When we got the results it turns out I actually did the best !	PERSON had a goal to make honor roll . He had made C 's all through school . PERSON began studying more and more . His grades got better . PERSON got his report card and had all B 's .	PERSON knew that doing well in school was important . He studied every single day . He became the smartest in his school . PERSON also got the highest grades in the school . At the end , his parents became very happy .	Tim always made good grades . One day he forgot to study . His teacher gave a pop quiz . PERSON made a zero on the quiz . He made his first bad grade .	PERSON was in high school . He always got good grades . He had a rather difficult test coming up and PERSON cheated . He got caught and was given detention . PERSON 's parents also grounded him from a skiing trip .	PERSON was in school . He got his grades for the semester . He failed . He was very upset . He was determined to try harder .	PERSON was in middle school . He had never made less than an A . One day he forgot to study for a quiz . PERSON made an F on his quiz . He learned to check his assignments more often .
training	PERSON wanted to become stronger . He was quite weak . He hired a personal trainer . He exercised with the trainer for months . PERSON became strong .	This morning , I attended a training at my work office . The training focused on creating and delivering better presentations . It was very interactive . I gave a brief five minute presentation to the whole class . Overall I feel as though I learned a lot .	PERSON started a new job . He was very excited about his job . He had to attend training for two weeks . PERSON fell asleep during training . PERSON was fired .	PERSON wanted to teach his dog to do tricks . But no matter how many times he released commands , it did n't work . His dog just would n't listen ! Then a friend suggested he reward the dog with treats when it obeyed . With positive reinforcement , PERSON 's dog was soon doing lots of tricks !	Brad fell during practice . It took him a while to recover . He needed physical therapy . He was finally cleared to play again . He was happy to play again .	PERSON got a new puppy and wanted to train him . He signed him and his dog up for obedience classes . The first day of class was very hard for PERSON and his dog . However , they kept going to class and working hard . Soon PERSON was happy to see that his dog was the best in the class .	The astronauts started their morning in the gym . After a work out , they cleaned up and headed to training . First they did some simulation testing . After theory classes , they had free time to de-stress themselves . By evening , most of the astronauts retired to the local pub .	PERSON was playing basketball by himself . And he noticed someone who was able to make shots from very far away . PERSON asked he if could play . But the person refused . PERSON practiced until the he was able to play with the other person .	Last month I ran a marathon . I trained for months and months before it . I ate a special diet and ran on a special schedule . I am really glad I trained . I ran a great marathon and had a great time .
jogging	I went jogging this morning . While I was out jogging I saw a friend of mine . He was driving on his way to work . I waved , but he did n't see me . I ca n't wait to tell him about this !	I woke up early to go jogging . I put on my running shoes . After 10 minutes of stretching I started to jog . My legs started to hurt after a few minutes . I quit earlier than expected .	I went for a jog through the park this morning . I had to stop and wait for a group of ducklings to get out of my way . I ran in place to keep my heart rate up but felt foolish doing so . The ducks seemed to take forever to finishing crossing my path . From now on I 'll be jogging around the block .	A man sold his car and began running everywhere . He quickly became a more physically fit person . He began to feel pain in his shins from the running . He learned he had shin splints . He reduced his weekly mileage and never felt pain again .	PERSON ran a two-mile loop every morning . One day , she noticed her running path was extremely beautiful . She noticed butterflies flying in the meadows . She then saw that the trees were starting to turn for Autumn . PERSON learned that day to appreciate where she lived .	I was jogging down the road . My dad lives out of town . He saw me . He picked me up . We went for some Chinese food .	PERSON wanted to lose weight . She started a jogging regimen . Each morning she would jog for an hour . After a month she weighed herself . PERSON had lost ten pounds !	PERSON was out for her normal morning run . Along the way she noticed a new person jogging her route . It was a guy who seemed fairly out of shape . He kept staring at her . She got creeped out and ran a different direction .	Yesterday I went out for a very nice jog . While I was jogging I tripped and fell on the sidewalk . When I fell I hurt my ankle very badly . It so bad I could n't walk and called my friend to come get me . My friend picked me up and brought me back home !
new shirt	PERSON needed a new shirt for church . He went by his favorite store after work . He ended up buying three shirts . PERSON was glad he found more than one . He was set for the year .	PERSON wanted a new shirt . The one she wanted was too expensive . She decided to save up . When she finally had enough , the shirt she wanted was gone . PERSON was disappointed .	Jazz wanted a shirt for the game . He did not have enough in his account . He asked his mom for an advance on his allowance . She said no . Jazz had to save until he had enough .	PERSON needed a new shirt . She decided to go shopping . The shirt she wanted was too expensive . PERSON decided to get an extra job . When she saved up enough , she bought the shirt .	PERSON went to the mall to shop for a new shirt . While walking through the mall she noticed this nice shirt . She tried it on and loved how she looked in it . She bought it and could n't wait to wear it at work the following day . PERSON got a lot of compliments on her new shirt that day .	PERSON needed a new fishing shirt . Though it was n't necessary , he decided to buy one anyway . He found the perfect one at his favorite store . He purchased it and took it home . When his wife found it , she was not happy .	Today I got a new green shirt . Since I got the shirt I have had great luck . I found two hundred dollars on the sidewalk . This shirt is my new good luck charm . I decided to wear this shirt everyday to bring me more luck .	PERSON wanted a new shirt . He did not have enough money to go shopping . He decided to get a job to help . He finally saved up enough . PERSON was glad he learned how to save .	PERSON wanted a new shirt for the game . She did not have quite enough money . She decided to pick up some babysitting jobs . PERSON finally saved up . She was able to buy the shirt she wanted .
dog bite	Our neighbors all get along very well . There was one neighbor though that nobody liked . He had a big dog and he let it run all over the place . One day his dog bit one of the kids . The police were called and the girl was treated at the hospital .	Two kids visited their friend 's house . His friend was n't home . A big dog was in the yard . It ran over to the kids . It bit them right on the hands .	I was swinging my brother . I got in the way right before he would have hit me . I was pushing his feet . Our dog bit my brother in the calf . My parents got rid of the dog .	PERSON was scared of big dogs . On his way to school he had to pass a house with several dogs . He never worried about it because they were locked up in a fence . One day the latch had been left open . The dogs chased PERSON and he never went past that house again .	PERSON saw the neighbor 's dog yesterday . She went down to pat it . However to her surprise the dog jumped and bit her . PERSON screamed . She was then rushed to the hospital from the bite .	Next door to PERSON 's house is the meanest dog ever . Honcho is a huge Rottweiler and everyone is afraid of him . PERSON dropped his ball in the dog 's yard one day . He tried to go get it but PERSON bit his finger off . PERSON did n't bother Honcho 's area anymore .	PERSON always loved dogs . His grandparents have several dogs at their home . After church one Sunday , PERSON went to visit his grandparents . During the visit , one of the dogs bit PERSON . Now PERSON is timid whenever around dogs .	PERSON was never afraid of dogs . One day he was taking a walk . A large stray dog chased him down and bit his leg . PERSON was severely injured . From then on he became more cautious around dogs .	PERSON loved dogs . She saw a dog on the sidewalk today . She decided to pet it . When she did however , it bit her . PERSON was yelling in pain .
cold	Kia woke with a cold one morning . Her mom kept her home from school . Kia was anxious about missing class , but she did feel awful . So she laid on the couch all day , sipping tea and watching television . By the next morning , she felt much better !	PERSON walked to and from school every day . But one day she forgot her warm coat , and it snowed . One of her teachers noticed her thin jacket . Then he offered her a ride to her house . PERSON was glad for the warm ride .	Winter was coming . And it was time to turn the heat on again . But the heat did n't reach PERSON 's room very well . Even with the heat on it was 10 degrees colder in there . She had no choice but to sleep in socks and a sweater to keep warm .	PERSON had a cold . She was miserable for days . On the third day she woke up sweating . Her shirt was damp , and sticking to her . Disgusted she got out of bed and changed her shirt .	It was the first day of winter . I decided not to wear a jacket to school . Alas , it became very cold as the day progressed . On the walk home I was very cold and shivering ! I learned that I should take a coat to school during the winter .	PERSON caught a cold and sneezed throughout the day . She did n't cover her mouth every time she coughed . So she infected everyone she came in contact with . At the end of the day , half of her office was feeling sick . And most of them had to take a day off the next day .	PERSON decided to go for a walk . But he stepped outside and shivered . The weather had turned cold overnight ! PERSON went back in and put on another sweater . Now he was ready for his walk !	PERSON woke up one morning and saw snow . When he went outside , he realized it was very cold . His jacket was in the garbage so he had to buy a new one as well . PERSON rushed to the store and purchased a new jacket . Now PERSON is playing in the snow and is warm .	PERSON had a cold . He tried every medicine there is . He could n't get rid of it . He had to suffer for a month . He finally recovered in that time .
lemonade	I ran my own lemonade stand when I was a kid . I loved making money from selling lemonade . Running the business was tough , but I really liked it . One day I counted up all the money I had made . It was over 100 dollars and I was so happy !	PERSON decided she was going to sell lemonade to her block . So she made four jugs of lemonade . Got a cardboard box and wrote the prices for lemonade . She put her lemonade stand on the sidewalk near her front yard . PERSON sold all the lemonade and made a hundred dollars .	They went to the county fair like they would do every summer . But it was so hot out that they needed a drink . So his wife told him to get a couple lemonades . He had never had them before but he said ok . He could n't believe how good they were , he made sure to always get it .	PERSON was tired of drinking only water . She decided to make a pitcher of lemonade . PERSON tasted the lemonade . It was sour . She added more sugar until it tasted right .	I wanted to have fresh squeezed lemonade yesterday . There is a farmers market close to me that I shop from . I went there to get the lemons but they were out . The nearest grocery store was 15 miles away . I decided to just drink water that day .	PERSON needed some extra cash . So she mixed up a big batch of fresh lemonade . Then she set a table up outside to sell the lemonade . Lots of cars stopped for a refreshing drink . By the end of the day PERSON had made almost forty dollars !	PERSON needed five more dollars to buy a game . Her mom told her she must earn the money . PERSON found some lemons and decided to make lemonade . PERSON 's lemonade was a neighborhood hit . She quickly earned more than enough to buy her game .	Kia made a pitcher of lemonade for her family . She poured them glasses to drink . But as they sipped , they all frowned and spat ! Kia had forgotten the sugar . She was so embarrassed by her silly mistake !	LOCATION wanted to make lemonade . She went outside and picked some lemons . LOCATION then began to juice them . She poured the juice into a glass . After taking a big gulp LOCATION realized that she forgot the sugar .
out of gas	After junior prom my boyfriend and I went to Wisconsin Dells . On the way home his car ran out of gas . We called his dad who was over an hour away . While we waited we made out in the backseat . His dad finally arrived with gas and we arrived home very late .	I drove to LOCATION LOCATION for the weekend . My car stopped working . I saw that the tank was empty . I had to walk to the gas station . I 'll remember to pay more attention next time .	My mom was driving during the hurricane , searching for a gas station . She had a hard time finding one since most of them were full . Unfortunately , her car shut down in the middle of the road . We had to push the car in a small plaza to move it out of the traffic . Luckily , a stranger decided to bring a gas container for us .	PERSON was driving to a friend 's house . She was n't paying attention to her gas gauge . She ran out of gas on the way there . PERSON had to call her friend . The friend took her some gas to help .	PERSON is driving home when he runs out of gas . Luckily PERSON has a gas can in his car . He has to walk two miles to the gas station and back . He puts the gas into his car . PERSON drives to the gas station and fills up .	PERSON was a procrastinator . One day his wife told him he needed to put gas in the car . PERSON decided that the gas could wait . He went out driving and ended up stranded because he ran out of gas . PERSON painfully had to admit that he should have listened to his wife .	PERSON was really late for her date . She was going to stop to put gas but there was a long line . She thought she could make it . She did n't and stalled out near the restaurant . Her date felt stood up and she never heard from him again .	PERSON was driving home from work . His car died because it was out of gas . The needle showed that it still had plenty . PERSON did n't remember the last time he put gas . PERSON needed to get the gauge fixed .	PERSON was riding his dirt bike in the woods . He began to ride down a small dirt road away from his friends . While on the road , his dirt bike began to stop working . Suddenly , PERSON 's dirt bike ran out of gas and he was alone . PERSON had to push the dirt bike five miles back to his truck .
credit card	The bank employee investigated credit card fraud . She found that one card was used to buy five hundred gift cards . She contacted the card owner . The card owner had n't made the purchases . The employee issued the card owner a different card to use .	I finally paid off my credit card . I had been paying on it for months . A year ago , I had used it to pay for an online class . I almost paid it off , then I used it to pay for a vacation . Finally , both the class and the vacation are all paid off .	PERSON got a credit card . He bought everything from clothes to shoes . He used the card to its limit . Now bill was broke . After making monthly payments , he had good credit again .	PERSON decided to get a credit card . PERSON went shopping and used the credit card frequently . PERSON spent thousands of dollars with his credit card . PERSON realized he was in debt from his credit card spending . PERSON cut up his credit card .	PERSON had never had a credit card her whole life . She noticed that her credit score was very low . PERSON applied for a credit card immediately . She made sure she paid her bill every month on time . Now her credit score is rising .	PERSON went to get her credit card and could n't find it . She suspected her son had stolen it . She went to his room and asked him if he had taken it . Her son admitted that he had taken it to buy drugs . PERSON convinced her son to go into rehab .	PERSON got offered a credit card . She accepted the offer . She thought it would be good to build up her credit . PERSON then started to spend too much money . PERSON is now in debt .	PERSON had just turned 18 years old . He wanted all of the responsibilities and freedoms of an adult 's life . PERSON applied for a credit card at a booth at his school . PERSON was happy to learn he was approved for the credit card . PERSON was excited and proud to embark on adulthood owning a credit card .	I yelled at a telemarketer yesterday . He wanted to sign me up for a new credit card . He said I could use it to pay for a fancy vacation . I got really mad because he told me to be irresponsible . I hung up the phone on him .
car	PERSON needed a new car . Her old was was always breaking down . So she got a second part-time job . She saved up her paychecks . Soon she could afford a new car !	PERSON was in the market for a car . PERSON needed to decide if she should get a new or used car . PERSON did a price comparison for a new car and used car . In looking at the prices , PERSON decided to buy a new car . PERSON was happy with her decision to buy a new car .	PERSON was 16 and wanted her own car . She knew her parents could n't afford it . Then she decided she could buy it herself . She began working in the library and saved all her money . By her 17th birthday she could buy herself her very own car !	LOCATION thought she was a good driver One day , LOCATION went into a parking garage . When it was time to leave she hit a large pole . Her truck got a huge dent in it . LOCATION 's confidence in her driving abilities was shattered .	I bought a car towards the end of the year last year . It was a white Suzuki Forenza with 100k miles . I loved the car , bought it from a young dude who just had a kid . It was my first stick shift , learning it on the fly was challenging . I drove over a thousand miles back to where I lived when it was bought .	I used to wash my car every weekend . Unfortunately , little incidents can cause us to change our habits . I had a little accident and caused a small dent in my car one day . This upset me greatly as I loved my car very much . In fact , it upset me so much that I stopped washing my car .	PERSON wanted to purchase a new car . He asked his friend for his opinion . His friend recommended a reliable Toyota Corolla . PERSON listened to his friend . PERSON purchased a new Toyota Corolla .	PERSON saw ads on TV that offered new cars at low prices . He thought he could easily afford a $ 200 monthly payment . But when he got to the dealership , he was surprised . That price was only for people with perfect credit , apparently . PERSON 's payment would be more than double the advertised price !	PERSON wanted a car . She saved her every cent she earned . Finally she had a few thousand dollars ! She found a great used car for sale in the paper . PERSON was so pleased with her new car !
spiders	PERSON 's roommate PERSON was terrified of spiders . PERSON wanted to get revenge on PERSON for previous pranks . PERSON bought a dozen plastic spiders . PERSON poured the spiders all over PERSON 's bed . PERSON laughed so hard when he heard PERSON scream at seeing the spiders .	My 19 year old niece is a Snapchat user . Yesterday she posted a video about a spider . A spider had gotten into the living room . She was trying to find it but it crept under a table . She posted a video of herself screaming .	The new fort I built in the backyard is filled with bugs . The kids avoid it because there are too many webs . I sprayed it out with Raid but did n't like that solution . Instead I got some mothballs and put them in the corners . Now the fort is free from bugs and spiders .	PERSON hates spiders . She saw one in her apartment the other day and freaked out . She screamed and ran away . It took all her courage to go back and kill it . But when she returned it was gone .	My sister is afraid of spiders . She jumps and screams every time she sees one . I love teasing her with spiders and watching her run away . At school , my sister learned about spiders and was no longer afraid . Now I ca n't have fun teasing her about spiders .	PERSON was afraid of spiders . This morning she found one in the bathtub . PERSON screamed for her younger brother to kill it . PERSON 's brother grabbed a slipper and smashed the spider . PERSON was pleased the spider was gone .	PERSON tried to move across a bush . She ran into a spider web . While she was n't looking , a spider crawled on her hand . She felt it 's legs and started to freak out . I took a book and tried to hit the spider .	Zora studied the geometry of spiders ' webs . She drew sketches of what she saw . When she 'd collected Year 's worth of them , she published a book . Many people were interested in buying it . PERSON retired and spent the rest of her life making a spider garden .	PERSON was always afraid of spiders while growing up . Any time that he saw a spider he would scream and stamp on it . His wife did n't appreciate it , as she believed that spiders were good . So she began to safely teach him about spiders . Now PERSON is not as afraid and even welcomes them .
babysitter	My niece works for the state house in MA . She has two children , 12 and 9 . She has to work late on Thursday , an election day . She begged her sister to babysit for her . Her sister reluctantly agreed .	PERSON turned 15 and thought she was old enough to work . Her dad did not agree . He made a compromise with PERSON . He told her she could babysit her cousins , but that was it . PERSON accepted the deal , since she still got to earn money .	The walls are thin in my apartment . Yesterday , my neighbor 's baby was crying all day long . It gave me a major headache , but a great idea . You see , I like my neighbor . That 's why tonight , I 'm babysitting .	The parents got a babysitter . They went on a date . The date was going well . They called the babysitter . The babysitter agreed to keep watching the kids .	PERSON and her husband were going to a party . They hired a new babysitter for their children . The babysitter let the children drink as much water as they wanted . When PERSON came home , she checked on the sleeping children . Boys boys had peed their beds .	PERSON agreed to babysit his nephew today . He usually would n't but he had nothing else to do . They spent the afternoon coloring and playing with toys . PERSON told his sister that he would love to babysit again soon . He forgot how much fun it was being a kid !	My daughter 's friend wanted to be in a fine arts class . She did n't have enough money to register . She was offered a babysitting job for $ 40 a week . She accepted the job with her parent 's permission . Now she is able to take the fine arts class !	Once I had a babysitter who was kind of mean . She blew up a balloon and gave it to our cat . The cat played with the balloon until it popped . The babysitter laughed hysterically when the cat screamed and ran . I asked my parents to not use that babysitter any more .	PERSON needed more spending money . She searched the internet job listings . She found a job as a babysitter in her neighborhood . She emailed the prospective employer to arrange an interview . PERSON did a great job at the interview and was hired .
piano lessons	PERSON really hated going to piano lessons as a kid . Even though she hated it , her parents would always make her go . Eventually the piano lessons paid off . PERSON did very well at the recital because of all the lessons . Now PERSON is really glad she had all those piano lessons .	Today was PERSON 's first day of piano lessons . The teacher came over about 1 O'clock . PERSON aced her first lesson and was very happy about it . The teacher was particularly impressed by her natural talent . The teacher will come back tomorrow to give another lesson .	PERSON was interested in learning to play the piano . He researched different studios online and compared them . PERSON settled on trying out Falcetti music . He went through a few weeks of classes . PERSON 's piano skills have gone from beginner to intermediate .	PERSON started taking piano lessons weekly . His parents urged him to select an instrument and that was his choice . PERSON 's piano-playing slowly improved . Eventually it was time for him to give a recital . PERSON was glad that he had picked such an impressive instrument .	PERSON was forced to take piano lessons since he was four . He felt like it was a waste of his time but he stuck with it . On the board at school there was an ad looking for a keyboardist . The guys in the band could n't believe how good he was . He had a great time playing with them over the next three Year 's .	I was struggling at school when my teacher suggested piano lessons . I really did n't want to start lessons at first . After a few lessons however , I noticed my grades were going up . Math became easier to understand , and I was more confident . I do n't know if I 'm any good at piano , but I 'm glad I started lessons .	PERSON wants to play the piano . She asked her grandmother for lessons . Rather than teach PERSON herself , she hired a tutor for her . The piano teacher taught PERSON four days a week for one hour each day . PERSON was able to perform a solo for her family within a few weeks .	PERSON wanted to take piano lessons . Although she was fifty , she still wanted to learn . She ended up impressing everyone . When PERSON was done with the lessons she had a recital . She got a standing ovation .	I always wanted to play the piano but I could not afford lessons . I liked going to the piano store and would try out all the pianos . The owner came over and asked if I took lessons , I shook my head no . He sat down and showed me how to play a short song . As I was leaving , he told me he would see me same time tomorrow .
mirror	The man looked in the mirror . His reflection surprised him . He rubbed his eyes . He still looked the same . He decided to get some more sleep .	Frank accidentally broke the mirror in his room . So he needed to get a replacement . So Frank drove to the store to get a new one . Frank found a very nice one for cheap . Frank got it and took it home .	PERSON was brushing her teeth when she saw a mosquito in the bathroom . She panicked and threw a brush at it . Unfortunately , the brush missed and shattered the mirror . Glass shards fell to the ground . PERSON grimaced , knowing that breaking a mirror was bad luck .	PERSON looked at the mirror . She saw it was cracked . She went to talk to her husband . His hand was bloody . She knew he could n't control his anger .	I accidentally broke a mirror this morning . I was moving it into another room . It slipped out of my hands . It shattered on the ground before I could catch it . Now I 'm afraid of having bad luck .	PERSON looked in the mirror all the time . She always wanted to make sure she looked her best . PERSON was very self conscious . She always had a mirror within arms reach . She eventually made her own mirrors because they meant so much to her .	PERSON looked in the mirror . He thought he looked ugly . He did n't like what he saw . It turned out the mirror was dirty . He cleaned it and he looked great .	PERSON had a very big mirror . In fact , it was taller than him . One morning , PERSON decided he was going to move the mirror . Then , he realized that he had forgotten the mirror in his car . Finally after getting the mirror , PERSON was able to put it away .	She tried her coffee and started reading her book . The first sentence said `` she tried her coffee . '' The next sentence was `` she started reading her book . '' Confused , she stood up and looked at herself in the mirror . She saw herself trying her coffee and reading a book .
new keyboard	PERSON was typing an essay for his class . His space key suddenly broke on his keyboard . PERSON could not finish typing his paper . He went to his nearest Best Buy to purchase a new keyboard . PERSON was able to submit his paper later that night .	For a long time I was waiting for a new keyboard . My iPad was in need of one . Thankfully I ordered one online and it came . The shipping was fast and cheap . The keyboard works great .	I got an iPad . Therefore I needed a keyboard . My last one broke . So I got another one . But to my dismay it also broke .	PERSON was used to using the virtual keyboard to type on her iPad . Yet she was finding it not usefully for writing essays . PERSON then proceeded to buy an actual Bluetooth keyboard . She looked through every store but could n't find the right one . Finally she found the perfect keyboard on LOCATION .	PERSON needed a new keyboard . She got an iPad . So naturally she needed something to type with . Luckily she found a cheap one . Now she uses it everyday .	PERSON was in a band . PERSON played the keyboards . He was about to play a show tonight . PERSON 's keyboard would not function properly . PERSON had to go to the store to purchase a new one .	Harry spilled water all over his keyboard . So he had to buy another one . He saw a waterproof one and decided to buy it . And when got home , he tested its waterproof ability . But it broke just like his old keyboard .	I got a new iPad . Only thing I needed was a keyboard . I searched many places . I could n't find one . Finally I found one .	I wanted a new keyboard for my iPad . I wanted something that was portable . Thankfully I found one that was backlit . It was great . It fit perfectly .
babysitting	PERSON had to babysit her cousin . Her cousin was a chore to take care of . PERSON had to get her to sleep . Or she would lose her mind . Finally her cousin fell asleep .	Kia was fifteen and had been told she had to babysit her sister . Her sister was thirteen and Kia thought she would have a boring night . But she ended up very surprised . She and her sister played board games , watched movies , and giggled . Kia ended up having a very fun night !	PERSON 's job after school is babysitting . She enjoys taking care of the neighbors ' kids . They pay her for her time when she does watch them . PERSON is saving to buy a car . She will get her driver 's license in a few months .	Yesterday , a friend dropped off her infant daughter at my home . The little girl was still sleeping , so I left her in her carseat . After an hour , she woke up and started crying . I fed her , hoping it would calm her down . However , she cried the rest of the day .	Two weeks ago my sister in law called up . She was watching her ten and seven year old grandchildren . They were misbehaving , and getting restless . She brought them down to our apartment for distraction . After watching tv for an hour , she took them home to their mother .	I once babysat the little brother of one of my friends . The boy was one and a half and very attached to his mom . They left me alone with the baby , and he would n't stop crying . I tried everything , even hiding from him , but he would n't stop . Finally I placed him in a pile of pillows on the floor and he calmed .	PERSON was a kid who loved being outside . His mom was babysitting one of the kids from the neighborhood . While PERSON and bobby were outside playing bobby got really mad . He threw a piece of metal at PERSON and it hit him in the forehead . PERSON was never allowed to PERSON 's house again .	LOCATION wanted to stay with her Aunt PERSON so bad . She finally was able to convince her mom to let her stay . She packed up all of her belongings that she needed , even her bear . She thought about all the fun and exciting things that she would do . She had such a great time and ca n't wait to do it again !	PERSON had agreed to watch her friend 's children . Her friend dropped the kids off at PERSON 's house . The kids played board games and watched TV . PERSON gave them a snack . PERSON 's friend returned to pick up her kids .
engagement	PERSON was planning on proposing to his girlfriend tonight . When PERSON proposed , his girlfriend PERSON called her parents right away . When PERSON 's parents heard the news they were elated . PERSON was very excited and could not believe this was happening . PERSON could not believe she was going to be a wife .	PERSON and PERSON were set to be engaged . She knew she would receive a ring one day . PERSON had been sneaking around . He asked her to meet him for dinner . He pulled out a box and brought out the ring .	PERSON had been dating PERSON for a year . He knew he wanted to marry her . He went to the jewelry store and bought a ring . He took her to dinner and popped the question . She said yes .	My husband proposed to me on Christmas day . He tried to trick me into thinking he bought a huge present . He went into the other room and had me close my eyes . Then he made a lot of noise like he was carrying something heavy . When I opened my eyes he was down on one knee !	PERSON was in a courtship . She was excited about it . Her boyfriend PERSON invited her to the park . When she saw him he got down on one knee . He proposed to her .	PERSON and PERSON had been dating for three years . On the night of their third anniversary , PERSON took PERSON to dinner . He had been acting strange all night . While at dinner , he all of a sudden dropped to one knee . He proposed to PERSON and she said yes .	Yesterday my boyfriend proposed . It was the cutest thing . He put the ring in a fortune cookie . When I opened it was was elated . It was a great movement .	PERSON and PERSON went dancing that night to celebrate their engagement . But as soon as they arrived at the nightclub , PERSON ignored her . He danced with all the girls before he returned to PERSON . At the end of the night , she threw the new sparkling ring in his face . And she left with her pride intact while his ego was slashed .	PERSON and PERSON had been dating for 4 months . He was already convinced he would marry her . He found the perfect ring and bought it . One night he took her to dinner . While out he proposed and she said yes .
archery	PERSON was interested in archery . She did n't know much about it . She approached a coach and began training . PERSON was very good at archery . She entered into her first event and won it .	My friends and I took archery classes . We practiced for three months . Then it was time for a competition . My friends all took home trophies . I got disqualified for accidentally hitting a judge .	PERSON had wanted to learn archery since he was a small child . When he turned 12 , his parents decided he could have lessons . He dreamed of going to the lesson and making a bulls eye ! Unfortunately , none of his arrows even hit the target . Though PERSON was n't very good yet , he was determined to keep at it .	PERSON wanted to learn how to shoot a bow and arrow . Her grandpa took her to an archery range . PERSON 's grandpa showed her how to hold the bow . PERSON shot arrows all morning long . She got her first bullseye that day !	PERSON was the archery champ at her local archery range . She bragged about it to everyone . Then , someone new challenged her . They beat her soundly . PERSON is much more humble now .	PERSON wanted to be an archer . She took archery lessons . Then she entered an archery contest . She took first place ! PERSON was officially an archer now !	PERSON was never very good at sports . He did find one hobby that he was quite good at though . PERSON was very good at archery . He practiced every day and did very well . PERSON was happy to have found archery .	PERSON wanted to learn archery . She joined a club at her university . She was terrible ! But , she committed to practicing her skills . Eventually , she became the top archer in her club .	The match between PERSON and PERSON began . PERSON decided to go first and shoot his arrow . It fell in the 9 point zone . PERSON was scared although she remain focused . Her arrow barely landed on the 10 point zone .
summer job	PERSON saw the toy in the window , he wanted it desperately . His dad told him no , that they could n't afford it . PERSON sulked in his room , but decided he knew how he could get it . He began raking leaves and shoveling snow . Three weeks later , he bought the toy himself and his dad was proud .	PERSON wanted to get a job . He said the summer would be the best . He called up some classifieds . PERSON landed an interview . He got the job .	PERSON had a summer job cutting grass in his neighborhood . He was going to have to stop working to go back to school . He was concerned about his clients and getting their grass cut . PERSON 's friend said could take over for him . PERSON gladly expected the offer .	PERSON wanted to find a summer job . PERSON also wanted to have time during his summer to work out . He decided to apply as a personal trainer . He got a job training people to get in shape . Now PERSON has a job and still gets to work out .	PERSON got a summer job at an ice cream parlor . It was her very first job . At first she disliked the long hours . But as she got used to it , she started to like it . Soon PERSON was enjoying herself at work !	I worked in a department store in the summer of 1970 . I was an on call stock person . One day I worked in the art department . The next day I cleaned muffin pans in the bakery . I was glad to go back to school .	PERSON needed a summer job . He looked in the newspaper for job ads . He applied to several different jobs . PERSON only heard back from one job that he applied for . He is now working as a camp counselor .	PERSON was sixteen and wanted her first summer job . She got a job working at a burger joint . At first she hated the work , thinking it was tedious and hard . But gradually she got used to the job . Soon PERSON could recognize the work ethic her job was teaching her !	PERSON was out on summer vacation . He decided to get a job . He tried applying everywhere he could . Unfortunately nobody wanted to hire him . They thought he was young and would ditch the job right away .
french fries	PERSON loves french fries and eats them for dinner every night . One day , PERSON notices that his pants are very tight . PERSON must give up his french fries and lose weight . He works very hard and is successful . PERSON misses his fries , but is happy that his pants fit .	Frank wanted to eat some french fries . PERSON decided that he would visit his favorite fast food store . After arriving , PERSON ordered a large box of french fries . Frank sat in the restaurant and ate his french fries . PERSON was happy that he got to eat french fries .	The man ordered french fries . They tasted great . He got another order of french fries . He felt sick after he ate them . He decided only to eat one order of fries in the future .	My father liked to cook . He decided to make french fries . He said the key to the best fries was to fry them twice . I was n't sure , but I gave them a try . They were amazing .	I went to McDonald 's to get French fries . As I sat down to eat , my mom called . I forgot about the fries , but my Boston Terrier did not . I came back into the room and my fries were gone . I learned to never leave my fries with my dog again .	Frank 's favorite food is french fries . He loves them so much that he always has to order them . One day he heard of a restaurant that had homemade fries . Frank knew he had to try them so he went to the place . As soon as he tried them he knew they were the best fries he ever had .	PERSON was the head of a marketing firm . His team was launching a new marketing campaign for french fries . They had spent several weeks working on the campaign . The day before the launch his team rechecked everything . The campaign launched according to plan and they sold record numbers .	PERSON was hungry . He went to PERSON 's . He ordered some french fries . PERSON ate the french fries at Wendy 's . PERSON went home full .	PERSON asked PERSON for some of his french fries . PERSON reached his carton across the table . The dog jumped onto the table and knocked over the carton ! PERSON and PERSON looked at the fries all over the ground . PERSON picked one up and thanked PERSON for the fry .
mistaken identity	PERSON was sorting through his patient files . He saw one patient who had the flu . PERSON walked in and prescribed him some medication . He looked up and noticed his error . The man in the bed had a broken leg .	PERSON had a beautiful blue backpack that she loved . She kept all of her homework in there . One day , she sat next to someone on the bus who had the same backpack . When she got to class to turn in her homework , it was n't in her bag ! She had grabbed the wrong backpack off of the bus !	PERSON was a small child on a trip with her family . She waded into the ocean water and ran to meet her mother . She tugged at her mother 's bathing suit . A man with long blonde hair turned around instead , angry . PERSON screamed and ran back to shore , traumatized .	I went to a Boston Symphony Orchestra concert in 2005 . I went from work , and had a tie and white shirt on . I also had a lanyard with an id tag . Several people asked me for directions to their seats . I was pleased to help them .	PERSON pushed her shopping cart to her car . She opened the trunk of her car and put in her bags . PERSON got in the front seat and put her key in the ignition . The car would n't start . PERSON realized it was n't her car .	PERSON was walking down the street minding his own business . All of a sudden a police officer was grabbing him . The officer said he matched the description of a bank robber ! PERSON knew it was a mistake but was still afraid . Fortunately he had an alibi for the time of the crime so was let go .	I was hanging out with my male friend . We had gotten pulled over . The cop thought I was his felonious girlfriend . He foolishly took me to jail on mistaken identity . Upon arrival , the sheriff made him take me back home .	I was walking down the street . All of a sudden someone came up to me . They were talking like they knew me . I had no clue who they were . I guess it was a case of mistaken identity .	While at work PERSON gets visited by officers . They come to arrest him . PERSON is very confused . The police show him a picture of his twin who is wanted for murder . PERSON tells them they have the wrong guy but they do n't believe him .
bananas	When she bought the bananas , they were still green . She left them on the counter for two days . They suddenly turned dark and started getting old . She needed to use them somehow . She decided to make banana bread .	PERSON was visiting LOCATION . She was afraid to try the local food . She decided to just eat fruit . She found that bananas in LOCATION were cheap and plentiful . PERSON ate lots of bananas on her trip !	PERSON 's mom told him to go to the grocery store . He headed out soon afterward . In the store , he realized he had n't asked what to buy . He decided just to grab some bananas and head home . When he returned , his mother was thankful .	PERSON was upset because her bananas were too ripe . She 'd purchased a bunch and then had n't eaten them in time . She really hated the thought of throwing away food ! Then she had an idea - she would bake a banana cake ! The overripe bananas made a very moist and delicious cake .	PERSON loved to eat bananas . Her father came home from the grocery store with a bunch of bananas . PERSON saw them and ate half of them right away . When her father woke up in the morning , he was surprised . PERSON had eaten all the bananas !	Ivy resolved to eat healthier , but then she balked . Fruit and fresh veggies were insanely expensive ! Then she saw that bananas were cheap and plentiful . Ivy mixed a banana into her smoothie every morning . She raised her potassium - and her spirits !	PERSON needed some bananas . He went too the store . Got some bananas . He took them home . Enjoyed himself one .	PERSON wanted some fruit . She purchased some grapes , and some bananas . She ate the grapes and got full . She put the bananas on the table and forgot about them . Three days later there were fruit flies in the dining room .	PERSON wanted fruit . But she had none in her house ! She went out to the backyard . There , she pulled a few bananas off the tree . Then she went in and ate her fruit .
stories	I submit five sentence stories for research . Sometimes my stories are funny sometimes not . I wondered how to get a copy of my stories ? I contacted the head research person of the study . I now know how to access the stories I 've submitted .	PERSON 's father , PERSON , loved to tell tall tales . PERSON would claim involvement in great war heroics and wild adventures . PERSON thought it was a bunch of baloney . Despite PERSON 's protests , PERSON insisted they were all true . PERSON vowed to find evidence that the stories were fabricated .	PERSON and PERSON were happily married . Their daughter would frequently cry in the middle of the night . PERSON and PERSON began reading their daughter bedtime stories . The couple 's daughter loved the stories . The daughter soon stopped crying in the middle of the night .	I write stories for money . I am proud to be a writer . I realize my writing may never be famous . That will not stop me from writing . I think I will write a lot today and be happy .	PERSON told lots of stories . PERSON told a new story nearly every day . After a while PERSON ran out of stories . So he started to make up new ones . They did n't make as much sense as his first stories .	PERSON was telling stories around the campfire . During the campfire her friends were getting scared . She was n't very scared since they were her own stories . PERSON thought it was very funny that they were getting scared . After a while there was a noise and PERSON got really scared too !	PERSON liked to write . He had a hard time coming up with stories though . He decided to make five sentence stories . He now has a much easier time coming up with stories . He now gets paid to write them .	I found a book for little girls . It was filled with princess stories . I took it home and read it to my daughter every night . She was enthralled with the adventures . She asked me to read a new story every night .	I wrote a bunch of stories for someone who asked me to . I sat down in front of my computer and thought some up . Then , I typed them into the computer . When I was done , I sent the stories to the requester . I 'm glad I was able to write the stories .
the truck	PERSON had saved money for months to buy a new truck . On Saturday , he went down to the car lot . He found his dream truck . He negotiated all afternoon . He returned home with his brand new truck !	The man handed over a pile of cash . He 'd just bought a new truck . He could n't wait to haul some stuff around . He loaded it up with tons of mulch . He put it around all his trees .	PERSON had worked hard all year . He could finally buy a new truck . He went to the dealership and picked out the biggest one he could find . He could n't wait to tow his boat around ! PERSON was feeling very accomplished .	I like to take my truck off road and get away from light pollution . I enjoy looking up at the stars on a clear night . Last Tuesday it was supposed to be a clear sky . I took my truck out and laid on the truck bed . It was beautiful and I stared for hours .	Pearl was moving to a new apartment . She rented a truck . It had a big loading deck on the back . She put all her household goods in , followed by her clothes . There was plenty of room in the truck for her other things !	PERSON heard something rumbling outside her house . She peeked outside and saw a big pickup truck . She watched as it crept down the street . She called the police and reported the suspicious truck . They said they would keep an eye out for it .	May 's brother PERSON had a new truck . May asked her mother for a truck . Her mother told her girls play with dolls . She asked her dad next . She was sad when they gave her a doll instead .	PERSON was shopping for a new vehicle . She bought a big truck . Her husband was very surprised . PERSON said she had always wanted to drive something so large . PERSON had a lot of fun driving around town in the huge truck .	PERSON worked very hard to buy a new truck . He went to the dealership and found just what he wanted . He bought it and drove it home . That night , he tried to sleep . But he kept looking out the window and admiring the truck .
PERSON 's car	PERSON was at a red light . She looked into the rear view mirror . She saw a car speeding toward her . The car slammed into PERSON 's car . PERSON 's car was totalled .	Today PERSON plans on buying a car . He has been looking online for weeks . He finally found the car he wants . He goes down to the car lot , and negotiates the price . After the negotiations , PERSON drives off with his new car .	PERSON had bought a brand new car many years ago . At the time , it was a very nice car . However , decades later it has started to fall apart . There are hole in the floorboard and rust everywhere . PERSON finally decided to let go of the car .	PERSON 's car is ten years old . PERSON 's car was having many problems . On Saturday , PERSON 's transmission went bad . A transmission repair is too expensive for PERSON . PERSON will have to buy a new car .	Jan called and said her car did n't sound right . So I walked over to her place and drove her car around . It sounded to me like it needed a tune-up . So I gathered all my tools and the parts needed for a tune and did it . Now PERSON tells me her car sounds and runs much better .	PERSON 's car broke down on the side of the road . She called her dad to help her . Her dad drove to PERSON 's location . He picked up PERSON . PERSON had to call a tow truck .	PERSON bought a blue car last week . The car was beautiful and shiny . One day PERSON drove his car to work . He was talking on the phone and rear-ended another driver 's car . PERSON 's new , shiny car was totaled .	PERSON was ready to buy his first car . PERSON browsed Facebook groups and PERSON for listings . PERSON saw an affordable car that he liked . He called the seller and scheduled an appointment to see the car . After haggling , PERSON purchased his first car .	PERSON loved his car . His car was old with chipped paint . One day PERSON won the lottery ! PERSON used the money to upgrade his car . PERSON 's car is now the nicest in the neighborhood .
game	PERSON loved to gamble . He beat PERSON he could run faster than him . The two raced down the street . PERSON won the race . Now PERSON has no money left .	I had been practicing hard for the soccer game . Even though I was ill , I wanted to play in the game . The coach told me to stay home and rest . I was upset because I had been practicing for months . The coach told me I could resume playing after I was well .	We stood in line for hours to get into the stadium . The place was completely packed with fans . We ordered some amazing garlic fries . We sat and ate while the game started . Our team won , and we screamed with excitement .	Today was the big volleyball game . PERSON had been waiting for several days for the game to start . PERSON dominated the game offensively and defensively . Her team won , without losing a point . PERSON was named MVP .	The man played a game . He got the closest . His friend knew the man would win . His friend gave up the game . The man gloated about the victory .	PERSON went to gamestop . He bought the new kingdom hearts game . He turned on his playstation to play it . He then found out he had the wrong game . He had to go return it .	PERSON bought the new zelda game . He was so excited about it . He played the game for hours straight . He forgot to eat . He had to turn it off when his mom yelled at him	PERSON challenged his friends to a softball game . They arrived at the field . The boys started to play . PERSON played better than any of them . He easily won the game !	The boy tossed the tennis ball against the wall . He watched it bounce off the bricks and come back to him . The ball hurled back to him with the force of his throw . Practice let him catch the ball most of the time . He enjoyed his game alot .
mall	PERSON and PERSON went to the mall . The girls wanted to buy clothes . Their favorite store had a fifty percent off sale . The girls bought a lot of clothes . PERSON and PERSON happily loaded their bags into the car .	PERSON needed some new clothes . She decided to go to the mall . Hours went by before she was done shopping . At home , she looked at the charges on her credit card . She realized she needed to be more careful spending money .	PERSON enjoyed walking around his local mall . But he noticed that they were remodeling many old parts . After the remodeling was finished , most people liked the changes . But PERSON no longer felt the same connection with the mall . He no longer walked around the mall .	PERSON was going on a shopping trip . She drove to the mall with her friends . There , they shopped for hours . kay bought several new outfits . She had a great time on her shopping trip !	PERSON needed clothes for an interview . He went to the nearby mall . He found some clothes he liked . He bought them . He spent 100 on it .	PERSON wanted to buy a denim jacket . He decided to go to the mall . He went to H&M first . He did not find anything there so he went to forever 21 . He found a nice denim jacket for $ 25 .	We went to the mall to buy christmas presents . It was pretty crowded and the parking lot was nuts . We circled the lot trying to find a space . We eventually wanted one but someone wanted to fight us for it . We just let them have it and tried to find a new spot at the mall .	PERSON wanted to go to the mall with me one day . We did n't know this but it was a holiday , so it was very busy ! She looked around at clothes and we got a burger from a food place . She asked me if I wanted to look anywhere but I was n't interested . On our way home she told me that she bought a few shirts .	PERSON hung out with his friends sister . They all went to the mall They all walked around . Then they went to a burger place It was a fun time .
stolen	On day I was on a very crowded metro system . My purse was very small and on the side of my body . As the crowd diminished and I could move , I checked my purse . To my disappointment , my phone and credit cards were no longer there . From then on I have been very cautious with my belongings .	PERSON 's son wanted a bike for his birthday . But he knew he could n't afford one . While PERSON waited at a bus stop one day , he saw a bike with no lock . So he grabbed it and took in on the bus with him . When PERSON 's son got the bike for his birthday , he was ecstatic .	The daughter stole five dollars from her mom . Her mom noticed the money was missing . She asked her daughter if she could trust her . Her daughter knew she was caught . She returned the money to her mom .	PERSON loved working on his car . But he kept it in his garage because he lived in a dangerous area . One day , he had the car repainted and got new rims . But someone saw him driving it home . The person broke into PERSON 's garage and stole his car .	PERSON wanted a candy bar from the corner store . But she had no money at all . She slipped the candy into her pocket . But on her way out , the owner stopped her ! He had seen her theft and threatened to call the police !	Kia 's classmate stole her lunch one day . Kia saw the thief in action . She went and told the teacher . The teacher made the other student return Kia 's lunch . She even made the boy apologize to Kia !	PERSON was riding his bike to school . But someone pushed him off his bike and stole it . When PERSON arrived at school , he saw the thief . PERSON beat up the thief and tried to get his bike back . But he was suspended and never saw his bike again .	PERSON and his classmate PERSON were assigned a project together . PERSON had the idea to write a paper about global cultural development . They worked together on the paper , but in the end , PERSON took credit ! He claimed PERSON 's idea had been his own . PERSON was so angry , he told the teacher the truth later , after class .	PERSON lived in a new apartment with her roommates . She came home one day to find one of the windows broken . She called the police about the breakin . All her jewelry was stolen and all the electronics . The police were not able to recover any of the stolen items .
camp	PERSON went to camp with his friends . PERSON and his friends found a nice camping spot . Suddenly , everyone discovered they had forgotten food . PERSON was a skilled fisherman . PERSON caught many fish so that everyone could eat .	PERSON went to a sailing camp near the ocean . In the mornings she played games on the land . In the afternoons she did activities on the water . She learned to sail a boat by herself . She had a fantastic four weeks that completely exhausted her .	PERSON was going to Christian camp . She was nervous at first . She wondered if she would make friends . But camp turned out to be so much fun ! PERSON made tons of friends and had a great time !	PERSON was camping in the woods with his dad . At midnight he woke to a strange noise . He feared it was a bear attacking his tent . Fearfully , he crept outside to investigate . There he found his dad , trying to scare him and laughing !	PERSON 's parents sent him to summer camp for a week last summer . When PERSON first got to camp he did n't know anyone , and he was scared . As the week went on he made friends and started to have fun . At the end of the week PERSON was sad to go home . He could n't wait for camp next summer .	PERSON never went to summer camp before . She never liked the idea of summer camp . She thought it would be better to relax at home . But after engaging in the activities , she loved it . She now wants to be a summer counselor when she gets older .	PERSON wanted to go to an overnight camp . One summer , he got the chance to go to camp for three weeks . PERSON did not know anyone at the camp . He introduced himself to several of the other campers . PERSON made great friends at camp .	PERSON had always wanted to go to space camp , but could n't afford it . So when her daughter shared her space obsession , PERSON smiled . She was determined to send her child to space camp ! She scrimped for over a year , but finally she could afford it . And PERSON 's daughter said it was the best time of her life !	PERSON and PERSON went to cross country camp . All they did was run and play dodgeball . PERSON decided to challenge PERSON to a race . As soon as they started PERSON was already behind . He finished and decided he had pretty good competition .
birthday party	PERSON was having her 30th birthday in 2 days . She still did not have anything to wear . Her mom decided to take her shopping . She finally found the perfect dress . PERSON had a great party .	Yesterday was my birthday . My friends all threw me a surprise party . When I showed up at my house all my friends were there with cake . It was so awesome to be surprised like that . The even got me some presents too .	PERSON was turning twenty-one . At work , he realized that PERSON had the same birthday . PERSON was n't having a party , but PERSON was . PERSON offered to make it a joint birthday party . Both PERSON and PERSON had a great time at their party .	PERSON was turning 16 . Her family decided to throw her a sweet sixteen party . They kept the entire party a surprise . They invited all of her friends and got her a bunch of gifts . PERSON was shocked and super happy when she found out .	PERSON wanted to surprise his wife PERSON for her birthday . PERSON spent weeks tracking down her old school friends . He was able to talk to many of them . PERSON arranged to have all PERSON 's old friends come over . They surprised PERSON with a huge nostalgic birthday party .	Today is PERSON 's birthday party . We head to the store to get the cake . We go to get the balloons . Next we set everything up for the party . We are all set for friends to arrive .	My son was turning 11 and wanted to have a birthday party . We starting planning and ordered a bouncy house for the day . They came to set up the house and left it for 4 hours . The kids had a great time bouncing and playing basketball . When the party was over , they came and deflated the house .	Our granddaughter PERSON turned two this April . Her mom threw a birthday party for her . Many relatives came and brought gifts . When the cake came she was afraid of the candles and cried . She got better after opening the gifts and eating cake .	PERSON was invited to her cousin 's birthday party . However , on the day of the party , PERSON got sick . PERSON was very sad that she could not go to the party . PERSON 's cousin heard that she was sick , and decided to visit her . PERSON was touched that her cousin came to see how she was feeling .
the basketball game	PERSON was very excited . She was going to play her first basketball game that day . PERSON put on her uniform , and drank a sports drink . PERSON played well the whole game . PERSON 's team won !	PERSON always thought he was the best basketball player in town . He challenged another really good player in town to prove himself . The game started off with both players equal . Around the middle , the other player took the lead by a full 10 points ! However , PERSON sank shot after shot , leading to a close 72 to 71 win !	I had my big basketball game on Friday against our rival school . I was very nervous for it and I wanted to win . The bus broke down on the way there . Luckily we were able to get it fixed in time for the game . We beat our rivals and won the game .	PERSON went to the park hoping to play a game of basketball . He could not find any friends to go with him . At the park , he saw a group of unfamiliar people playing . One of the guys playing basketball asked PERSON to join the game . PERSON was relieved that he was going to get to play .	My father took us to a professional basketball game . Our home team was losing badly . Many of the fans were disappointed in the team and left for home . We stood up and moved our seats closer to the action . Our favorite player shook our hands .	I was playing in a high school basketball game . My whole family came to watch me play . I wanted to make them proud and played very hard . I did very well and scored a lot of points . After the game , my family told me how proud they were .	PERSON was a basketball player . During his game he went for a three-pointer . However , he missed . When he got the ball again , he went for another shot . He scored and made the winning shot .	PERSON 's basketball team had just beat the record for most losses . The whole team felt discouraged but the coach told them to keep trying They practiced for many hours each day . At their next game , they worked hard as a team . At the last second , PERSON shot the ball to win the game !	PERSON had a basketball game yesterday . He went to the game very excited . PERSON made ten shots and scored twenty points . He played very hard and tried his best . After the game PERSON and his family went to get ice cream .
lost dog	It was PERSON 's turn to let the dog outside . PERSON opened the front door and let the dog run out . A couple hours later PERSON remembered the dog and went to let him in . She noticed the gate was open and her dog was missing . PERSON rushed to tell her mom that the dog was missing .	PERSON was walking through the park . He saw a dog by itself in the distance . When he approached the dog he saw that it had a collar . He called the number on the collar . The owner of the dog was happy to have their dog found .	PERSON loved her dog Scout . One day , Scout ran away . PERSON searched for days for her lost pet . Luckily , Scout was found nine days later . PERSON was so happy to be reunited with her best friend .	PERSON heard whimpering outside her front door . She opened the door to see what was outside . A little white dog sat on her doorstep . PERSON found the dog 's owner 's phone number on its tags . She called the owner and told him she found the dog .	PERSON 's dog got out one night . PERSON was heartbroken ! He looked all day but had no luck , so he put up signs . Thankfully , a neighbor saw the signs and found PERSON 's dog ! PERSON was so happy when the neighbor called to return his dog .	I was cleaning my kitchen one day . I opened my door to sweep some dust outside . When I opened my door , my dog ran outside and got away . I could n't catch the dog , and she did n't return home after waiting . After a few hours , the police arrived at my door with my dog .	PERSON 's dog escaped . PERSON asked his friend to help find the dog . They covered a lot of ground looking . They never found the dog . PERSON was very upset .	PERSON was walking her dog down the sidewalk . Her dog got loose and ran away . Karen looked all over for hours but never found her dog . She eventually went home . When she got to her house her dog had been sitting on the front porch !	PERSON was getting upset because she could not find her dog . She looked everywhere in the neighborhood but had no luck . PERSON then posted signs everywhere in town . Eventually the next day , someone found the dog for her . PERSON was incredibly relieved to see her dog again .
the train	Fran was confused . She wanted to get from NYC to LOCATION LOCATION . She was n't sure what train she should take . She asked the conductor and he helped her . Fran was thankful for nice people !	Frank had never been on a train before . He was excited , but a little nervous . The train left the station as Frank found his seat . He looked out the window as the countryside rolled by . He really enjoyed riding on the train .	I 've always liked trains . I was excited when I won a free trip on one . I did n't expect to win . Unfortunately I could n't take the time off work . So I had to sell the tickets to a friend .	The train pulled into the station . PERSON and his brother hopped on board . They were heading back home . They packed their bags and took their seats . The train started to move , they were on the way back .	PERSON needed a vacation ! He did not know how to travel . A plane was too expensive . A car was too slow . He took the train and had the best vacation ever !	PERSON was nervous about going on the train for the first time . As she got on , the sounds of the engine scared her . When the train started moving , PERSON looked out the window with awe . She stayed by the window for the whole ride . Now PERSON loves taking train rides !	Today I took a train to meet my friends . The train was very loud and made it hard to sleep . I tried to take some sleeping pills to help me sleep . I fell asleep so hard that I missed my stop . I called my friends and bought a new ticket to meet up with them .	The family packed up their suitcases . They boarded the train . They were going into the city for the weekend . When they arrived , they all climbed off the train . They were happy not to mess with their car while visiting .	The family boarded the train . They were traveling to the city . The ride was smooth and fast . When they arrived , they were glad they did n't have to find parking . Traveling by train was very convenient !
the band	We went to see this great band yesterday . They played at a local bar . I had never heard their music before . I heard great things about them . They played a great show .	The band had waited all year for battle of the bands . They practiced quite a bit and were hoping to do well . On the stage they played ok but the crowd did n't seem into it . All of a sudden , a shower of sparks from the lighting appeared . The crowd assumed this was an effect and voted so the band one .	My friends and I started a band . I am playing the drums . I rocked so hard and had so much fun . My friends and I love playing music together . We love being in a band .	The band was ready to walk out on the stage . They were all confident and well prepared . They picked up their instruments . They began to play . The crowd loved them that night , they were great .	PERSON loved playing the trumpet . She joined the school band . She practiced every day for an hour . The band had practice every morning . PERSON loved playing with all her classmates .	PERSON had never been in a band before . He saw the flyer for the audition and wanted to try it . He showed up with his guitar ready to play . PERSON played the guitar amazingly well . Everyone agreed that he was the best .	The whole school had gathered in the auditorium . The talent show was about to begin . The band took the stage and began to rock . They won the contest easily . Everyone agreed that they were the best act .	PERSON really loved to play music . He had just moved to a new town . PERSON searched for bands to play with . He had auditions with two groups . PERSON is now playing in two bands .	PERSON had never played in a band before . He was excited to get together with other musicians . The auditions came and went , PERSON thought he did well . The call came in , he had made the band ! He began rehearsing with the other guys , getting ready for the gig .
the bear	PERSON went outside to play . He decided to go for a walk in the woods . He heard a loud noise . When he turned he seen a black bear running away . He ran home to get his gun .	I was camping with my dog on my land . The smell of my food attracted a bear . The bear scared my dog and I. I yelled and my dog barked at the bear . The bear ran away and never looked back .	PERSON lived near the edge of the LOCATION LOCATION . He heard there were bears in the area but he ignored the warnings . One morning he awoke to the sound of a bear tearing through the trash . He called animal control and had the bear relocated . PERSON will take the warnings more serious after the incident .	PERSON was hiking in the woods . He noticed some rustling in the bushes . There was a bear . PERSON wanted to get a picture with it . Unfortunately the bear ran off .	PERSON loved nature . He was hiking when he spotted a bear . It was such an amazing creature ! He watched as the bear splashed in the creek . He took lots of pictures from afar , so as not to bother it .	The bear ran through the snowy wood . He got his foot caught in a hidden trap . A kind woodsman walked by and heard the bears calls . He approached carefully and cautiously feed the bear . The bear ambled off into the wood once more .	PERSON 's child lost her toy teddy bear at the mall . PERSON called the stores in the mall where they visited . One of the stores had the bear . PERSON and her child drove to the mall and got the bear . They drove home and had dinner and went to bed .	I was camping in the mountains with my best friend . We went to bed late . It was about 2 am when we took our trash to the dumpster . Upon arriving there , we saw a bear eating from it ! We quickly ran back to our tent .	PERSON was hiking in the woods . She heard a rustling behind her . She turned around and saw a huge bear . She backed away quietly . The bear watched as she faded into the woods .
restaurant	PERSON went to a chinese restaurant . She was not sure what to order . She ended up asking the worker to surprise her . She received an order of sesame chicken . She loved it .	PERSON wanted to open a restaurant . He visited all of the local dining establishments . He took note of his favorite features of each restaurant . He built a great restaurant . His restaurant was successful and PERSON was very happy .	PERSON went with his friends to hang out . They were really hungry so they went to get burgers . PERSON got a double cheeseburger and a milkshake . He ended up getting sick right after . He puked in the bathroom .	It has been my favorite restaurant since . I took my mom there . My best friend showed it to me . My friend and I went there often . That friend was someone my grandmother knew .	The restaurant opened for the day . The delivery driver never came with the groceries . They closed the store before lunch . They fired that delivery driver . They hired somebody they could trust .	I went to a Chinese restaurant today . They offered us a booth or a table to sit at . We chose to sit in a booth . Our server came to our table to get the order . Each of us took turns ordering our meal .	My family met for breakfast at a restaurant . I wanted eggs and toast and some others wanted omelets or oatmeal . We all ordered what we wanted . It took some time to get our meal . We all decided to get the same thing next time , maybe it would help .	PERSON went to a restaurant with his girlfriend . PERSON ordered a steak . PERSON ordered the steak rare . PERSON was upset to see the steak was overcooked . Instead of complaining PERSON simply ate the steak .	PERSON travels to NYC frequently . He never went to LOCATION . His friends recommended a good restaurant there . PERSON decided to go to that restaurant . It quickly became PERSON 's favorite restaurant .
swim lessons	PERSON did not know how to swim . She wanted to take lessons . When PERSON went to the pool she was scared . She was afraid of the water . Yet her instructor helped .	The kids loved swimming . Their mom signed them up for swim lessons . They learned special skills over that week . Soon , they were even better swimmers than they had been ! The kids loved showing off at the pool .	It was a hot day . Everyone went swimming to get relief from the heat . Harry did not know how to swim but was fearless . Harry jumped into the pool and began drowning . He then realized he was in the shallow end and stood up .	PERSON was four and did n't know how to swim yet . His family was going to the beach in a few weeks . His father wanted him to know how to swim before they went . PERSON 's mother signed him up for lessons . She could n't believe how quickly he learned !	PERSON did not know how to swim . He had gone all his life without knowing how . He wanted to go snorkeling with his marine bio class . He told his professor his predicament . His professor agreed to give him private swim lessons before the trip .	PERSON had a swim lesson . While swimming , PERSON threw up . The pool had to be closed for cleaning . He felt terrible . The next day , he made sure he felt ok before swimming .	PERSON felt bad that she does not know how to swim . PERSON decided that she would sign up for swim lessons . PERSON researched and saw classes offered at her local gym . PERSON was not sure what to expect from the swim class . PERSON was very nervous , yet excited to learn how to swim .	PERSON always wanted to go swimming with friends . He just did n't know how to swim . He asked a friend to help teach him . The friend started him at a pool . Within a month jake swam well enough .	PERSON wanted to learn how to swim . Her mom signed her up for lessons . PERSON was scared of the water . She did not want to get in the deep end . She finally got brave and learned to swim .
the play	PERSON auditioned for the lead role in a school play . He got the part and was very excited . However , PERSON became overconfident in his acting abilities . He skipped rehearsal several times . On opening night of the play , PERSON forgot his lines .	The school group went on a field trip . They went to see a play about mice . The kids loved the silly theme . They clapped when it was over . It was a great play !	PERSON was attending the performance of a play in his small town . PERSON 's friend was the lead actor in the play . There was a party after the play for the performers . PERSON 's friend invited him to the party . PERSON spent the night partying with the cast .	On opening night of the play , PERSON forgot his lines . Since he had a minor part , it was not a big deal . PERSON made up a line on the spot to keep the action going . The audience did not notice his mistake . Fred like the new line so much he used the the next day .	PERSON and his wife had tickets for an upcoming play . They both had never been to an actual play before . PERSON was excited , but his wife was skeptical . The play began . They both had a wonderful time at the play .	PERSON wanted to be in the school play . She was scared to audition . When she finally got up enough nerve , only the lead roles were left . She tried out . The results were posted and she was Cinderella !	PERSON 's football team was down by five points . There was enough time left for one play . The quarterback threw PERSON the ball . PERSON jumped as high as he could and reached for the ball . PERSON 's caught the ball and his team won .	PERSON wrote an action/adventure play . She asked all of her friends to help her produce it . They built sets for all the different scenes . They practiced their lines . On opening night the play was a great success making PERSON happy .	I really wanted a part in the school play . I auditioned for a singing role . Unfortunately , I was instantly rejected . I still got a chance to be a part of the play . They let me open and close the curtains .
calculator	PERSON needed a new calculator . He went to the store and looked around at some of the models . He told me he wanted one that was blue . He eventually found one that was blue and looked at its features . He bought it and was so excited he found a blue one too !	I could n't understand what the teacher was talking about . She was done with the problem already . I sat there in frustration trying to figure it out . She asked everyone to get their calculators . I was so angry that I refused to get mine .	PERSON had a very big calculator . One day , he could not find his calculator . He searched everywhere but it was simply missing . Then , he realized he left it at school . PERSON rushed to school and finally found his calculator .	PERSON and PERSON were middle school students . They were bored in class one day . They wanted to play games on their calculator but did not know how . They asked the smartest guy in the class and he showed them how . They then played games during class and were very happy .	PERSON forgot to study for his math test . The morning of the test he was nervous he would fail . PERSON snuck his calculator into the exam . PERSON was caught using the calculator by his teacher . PERSON was sad to receive a zero on the test .	I was allowed to use my calculator for my math test . I had spent all week practicing using it for my homework . I was confident that I would do well on the test . During the test , my calculator ran out of battery . I could n't answer the questions , and ending up failing .	PERSON used his calculator every day in high school . He saw his friends playing games on the calculator . PERSON asked his friends how to install the games . His friends instructed PERSON . John learned how to install games on his calculator .	PERSON lost his calculator . He needed his calculator for a test this week . He tried to backtrack to find his calculator . He realized the last time he had it was at gym . He found the calculator under the bleachers .	PERSON was good at math . He was good because he always had a calculator . When he left it home , he was awful . PERSON decided to study math really hard for a month . After that he no longer needed the calculator .
job interview	PERSON got nervous easily . He had a job interview tomorrow . He asked his friend for help . His friend suggested a breathing technique . PERSON applied it during the interview and got the job .	My wife 's boss PERSON interviewed a person for a job yesterday . The person did well on the interview , PERSON called the person 's references . One company said she never worked there . PERSON decided to not recommend the person for the job .	PERSON went for his first job interview yesterday . He said things went well and they offered him the job . They told him come to back this morning to fill out paperwork . Once he was finished they gave him his schedule for the week . PERSON starts his first job tomorrow night at 5pm .	It was my first time to have job interview . I do n't have any idea what to wear and what to bring . So i decided to search on the internet what are the do 's and dont 's . So i think i was prepared for the interview . After my interview , someone called me and she said i was hired .	PERSON had an interview for his dream job . He got dressed and made sure he had several copies of his resume . He left for the interview with plenty of time to spare . PERSON encountered traffic on the highway . Despite leaving early , he still arrived late to the interview .	PERSON was extremely nervous . She was a college senior , approaching her graduation date . She was recently invited to interview for the job of her dreams . PERSON spent days preparing for the interview , but was still nervous . However , she ended up acing her interview and getting the job .	PERSON got called back for an interview . She was very nervous . Now she was shaking . She went in and did it . Luckily she was offered the job .	I was going to a job interview at a prestigious law firm . Most people prepare by practicing in front of the mirror , as did I. I had a set of questions and answers that I rehearsed over and over . Unfortunately , I was n't asked any of the questions I had prepared . As a result , I did very poorly at the interview .	I had been applying to any job I could find for months . And I finally got asked to come in for an interview . I was really nervous . And I struggled to answer certain questions . As expected , I did n't get hired .
banana	Three days ago I brought a banana to school for lunch . I forgot the banana in my locker . Today I went to get the banana and it had turned black . I threw the banana away . I decided not to leave food in my locker ever again .	I was staying in LOCATION . There were a lot of stray dogs in the city . I decided to feed one a banana . Alas , the dog bit me . I had to go to the hospital to check for rabies .	PERSON was experiencing mild stomach pain . And he searched for remedies online . He found that eating a banana could help . And doing so made his stomach feel better . He decided to eat a banana everyday from then on .	PERSON 's stomach was burning . And everything he ate made it worse . But he read that bananas are a natural antacid . And eating one made him feel better . So he decided to add more bananas into his diet .	PERSON was walking along the sidewalk . He was not paying much attention . Suddenly he started slipping and he fell down . He noticed it was a banana . He was very embarrassed .	PERSON ate a banana every morning before work . One day , he noticed his banana had the words Eat Me written on it . PERSON was baffled as to how these words had appeared . That night , PERSON 's wife laughed and told him she wrote the words . PERSON felt silly for not figuring out her joke .	There was a boy who was packing his lunch . He told his mom to get some fruit . She asked if he wanted some fruit . She picked up some fruit and gave it to him . He was happy that she picked up some bananas .	PERSON hated to eat bananas . She did not like the texture at all . One day she decided that she would try to taste one again . She loved it so much that she ate three . Now , PERSON eats bananas every single day .	PERSON wanted to eat a banana for lunch . He went to check if any were at home . When he checked , he realized he had zero . PERSON quickly rushed to the store and bought some . Then , PERSON was able to eat a banana for lunch .
alone	PERSON was a stray dog that had no wear to go . One day animal control took him to the shelter . PERSON was scared and thought he would be alone forever . One day a family came and met PERSON . They decided to adopt him and he now had a new family .	The boy sat at the table . He was alone . The crowd at a nearby table invited the boy over . The boy refused . The boy felt lonely .	PERSON worked from home and had an issue for a supervisor . She was surprised to see there were only other agents in the chat room PERSON informed the caller there was no supervisor . The caller was even more irate than before . After 45 minutes of the caller agreed to a supervisor callback .	PERSON hated sleeping alone . So he would bring a new girl every night so he did n't have to . Most night he would just settle so he could guarantee he had someone . Tonight he brought home a very special girl , or he thought she was . In the morning she told him she settled with him so she was n't alone .	PERSON was playing Barbie dolls . Her sisters did n't want to play . So PERSON decided to play alone . But it was boring with no one else playing . She put the dolls down and went to join her sisters outside .	PERSON was always alone at school . She tried to make friends , but to no avail . One day , a new student came to the school . He was always alone too and no one wanted to play with him . PERSON and the new student started playing together and had fun .	PERSON was in the bathroom all alone . She had wanted to find a place she could be alone to cry . And now the other people had left the bathroom . But now that she was alone , she had no tears left to cry . When she felt better , she left the stall .	When PERSON felt alone , he always went to the lake . He liked to scatter breadcrumbs for the ducks . Sometimes he played with dogs and talked to their owners . He also greeted a few people he knew by sight . Only to return home and feel alone again .	PERSON was alone and did not know what to do . He decided to make a snowman . He gave the snowman a cool hat . Then he gave the snowman a huge smile . At last he did not feel alone anymore !
teeth	During my recent visit , my dentist told me that I had no new cavities . For the past year , I had been diligent in brushing my teeth . I had also started a daily regimen of flossing twice a day . This all paid off . After this , I plan to also start using an oral rinse every day .	PERSON went to the dentist for the first time in years . The dentist said his teeth were not good . The dentist recommended a root canal . PERSON agreed with the dentist . The dentist performed a root canal on PERSON .	My sister in law had only four teeth left . She grew up poor and could not afford dental care . The teeth were bothering her . She had to get them pulled . She has appointments to get dentures .	PERSON went to the dentist . He got his teeth cleaning and checked . The dentist noticed a cavity that needed filled . PERSON never had a cavity before . He still dreads the coming appointment in a few weeks .	PERSON was a health conscious person . He brushed and flossed daily . He visited the dentist for routine checkup and cleaning . The dentist cleaned his teeth . The dentist also gave him a clean bill of health .	PERSON was afraid of dentists . But after years of suffering , she gave in . She made herself an emergency dentist appointment . The dentist fixed some of PERSON 's teeth for her . PERSON felt a lot better after that !	She woke up with terrible pain . The left side of her face was throbbing . She could barely hold her head up . She laid in bed all day . When her husband saw her condition , he told her to go to a dentist .	PERSON has a toothache . She does not have dental insurance . One day , she decided she needed to see a dentist . They gave her a root canal . Now PERSON has a lot of medical bills .	PERSON loved his teeth . He thought they were his best feature . He took really good care of them . One day , a softball hit him in the face and broke a tooth . PERSON was devastated !
driving test	PERSON was studying her book for tomorrow 's driving test . She had gone through all the classes and done well . That night she went with her dad and drove for two hours . Upon arriving home , her father asked her to open the trunk . Inside the trunk , her father had left a good luck letter for her .	PERSON was turning 16 next week . He was excited to get his driver 's license . His father took him to the DMV . They wanted in line for a long time . Eventually , PERSON passed his test .	PERSON was taking her driving test at the DMV . She was nervous . PERSON backed up too quickly . She hit a parked car . PERSON failed her test .	PERSON was excited to take her driving test and knew she would pass . She had been practicing her driving for months and felt confident . But her nerves during the test made her forget to stop at a red light . Because of that PERSON did not pass the test . But she knew with more practice she would pass it the second time .	PERSON was excited to be taking his driver 's test . He knew he would pass today . If he did not pass this time he would have to start over . He drove the course carefully . Thankfully , he passed with flying colors !	When I went to take my driving test my brother had me drive there . I did fine up until parking by the DMV . I accidentally side-swiped an old car while parking . My brother got very mad and had me stop . He told me that he would drive me home and we 'd try again later .	The instructor told me to put on my seatbelt . As nervous as I was , I tried to remain calm when reversing the car . I drove across several areas . In addition , I demonstrated several ways to park . Although the instructor gave me negative comments , I passed the exam .	PERSON wanted to get her license . Unfortunately she was n't a very good driver . She went to take her test and failed . She tried a couple more times and failed again . She eventually was able to after much difficulty .	PERSON had been learning to drive for 4 months . He booked his test but he did n't feel ready . The test day came and he was more nervous than ever . When he started the test , he nearly pulled out on a car . Despite his nerves , he managed to just pass the test .
broken leg	It was the fourth of july and my friends and I gathered for a party . One of my friends was acting crazy and began to fight another friend . The other friend picked up my friend and slammed him on the ground . My friend screamed out as his leg was broken . Shortly after an ambulance showed up , and we all were uncomfortable .	For Christmas PERSON got a new bike . She went outside to ride her bike . Suddenly she fell and broke her leg . PERSON had to go to the doctor immediately and get it checked . She had to get a cast and was n't able to ride the bike for a while .	PERSON was climbing a tree when he fell . His mom drove him to the emergency room . They took x-rays and told him it was broken . They put a cost on it and sent him home . Several weeks later the cast was off and he was back to climbing .	PERSON was jogging . It had just rained . The ground was slippery with leaves . She slipped on one and broke her leg . She had to call an ambulance for help .	PERSON 's dog tried to chase a car . It got hit pretty hard . The dog 's leg was broken . The surgery bill was going to be expensive . PERSON had to put him down instead .	PERSON was at the park playing with his friends . He decided to show off and run down one of the slides . As he was going down the slide , he slipped and fell . He landed on his leg in a weird spot and broke it . PERSON decided that showing off was not worth it anymore .	When I was walking , I bumped into PERSON . He thought I did it on purpose , and he ended up kicking me . My leg was fractured and I ended up falling on the ground . One of the staff members called my mom . She immediately took me to the hospital .	PERSON broke his leg playing football . He got tackled by his brother really hard . PERSON will be in a cast for three months . His brother felt so bad for breaking PERSON 's leg . He offered to drive PERSON around for three months .	PERSON broke his leg the other day . It hurt really bad and he had to go see the doctor . The doctor put a cast on his leg . Now PERSON wo n't be able to use his leg for a few months . PERSON is really sad about his broken leg .
the new baby	PERSON 's wife was about to have a baby . PERSON was really nervous about being a father . He obsessively read baby books because he did n't want to mess up . Finally , the baby was born and PERSON met his new son . PERSON felt confident that he was going to be fine after all .	PERSON was an only child . One day , her mother had to go to the hospital . PERSON was a little afraid . Her mother was gone for a whole day . When she came home , she brought a brand new baby !	The family had three member for 2 Years . The dog knew something was about the change . When the mom went into labor , the dog was nervous acting . The baby was brought home . The dog never left the baby 's side .	PERSON 's mom was having a baby . PERSON was very excited for this new baby . However when the baby was born she noticed a change . This change was that she was n't getting as much attention . PERSON wished her sibling had never been born .	PERSON is going to have a baby today . She went into the hospital and got all set . She was in pain , but pushed to see her baby girl . The baby was born , perfect and pink . PERSON felt so much joy holding her new baby girl .	PERSON had her baby last night . She had a baby healthy , baby girl . I will be going to visit her today . She looks so sweet in the photographs . I am excited to see her .	PERSON was so excited to get a new baby sister . His mom and PERSON told him that soon he would be a big brother . PERSON learned everything he could about having a baby sister . When his sister finally came he could n't believe it ! He was the best big brother to his new baby sister .	PERSON was going to visit her sister today . She had just had a new baby and PERSON wanted to meet her . As soon as she arrived she went searching for the baby . But first , her friend made her wash her hands . Finally she was able to cuddle the baby .	PERSON was six months pregnant with twins . She was having a lot of contractions . The doctor told her to come in and get checked out . She was hooked up to lots of machines . She stayed there for five hours .
the surgery	PERSON was anxious to have her surgery . She was having weight loss surgery . She checked into the hospital the night before . When it was time to go to the OR , she was very nervous . After the surgery , she woke up and breathed a sigh of relief .	PERSON had a heart condition . His doctor told him he needed an operation . PERSON ended up getting open-heart surgery . Him and his family was very worried about the operation . It turned out a success and he recovered very well .	PERSON needed a new kidney . He was brought to the hospital for the surgery . He was nervous and excited . When he came out of anesthesia , he was groggy but happy . The surgery had been a success !	PERSON 's husband was about to go in for a surgery . She was very nervous about the whole thing . Luckily , the nurses explained things well and helped her feel at ease . PERSON said goodbye to her husband and began the long wait . Luckily , he came out of the surgery in great condition .	A man came to the hospital for open heart surgery . The surgeon performed surgery on the man . Afterwards the surgeon gave unusual instructions to his staff . He ask them to call him if the man had even the slightest trouble . Then they found out the patient was a famous malpractice attorney .	The girl was in a lot of pain . She 'd just had surgery . They 'd removed her appendix . She walked carefully to her bedroom . She could n't wait to rest !	PERSON was having health troubles . His doctor said he needed to have surgery . PERSON was very nervous about being in the hospital . He asked his wife to stay with him the whole time . PERSON looked forward to feeling better .	PERSON was born blind . He was thirty years old when the doctors told him they could fix it . He went into the surgery scared but excited . After he came out he had to wear bandages on his eyes for days . The first thing PERSON saw was his wife 's face when he took them off .	PERSON was 400 pounds over weight . She was having surgery to help her lose weight . In the first month , she planned on losing 50 pounds . She could n't wait to be healthy enough to go for a long walk . PERSON was determined to follow all of the instructions she was given .
found	PERSON found a wallet on the ground . She decided to try to return it . She looked at the name and address on the license . Then she packaged the wallet and mailed it to its owner . The next week she received a thank-you note in the mail !	Ina found a golden ring in the hall at school . It was lovely and looked expensive . PERSON wished she could keep it . But she knew she had to do the right thing . PERSON took the ring right to the Lost And Found office .	Kia 's dog ran away . She was heartbroken . She put up signs all over . Soon a neighbor returned her dog . Kia was so grateful !	PERSON saw Lost Dog posters all over neighborhood . Then one day she saw the dog ! She coaxed it over with a treat . Then she dialed its owners . The dog 's owners were so grateful to PERSON !	PERSON found a wallet on the street . It was full of cash ! PERSON needed money , but he knew he had to do the right thing . He contacted the owner of the wallet . The owner was so happy , he rewarded PERSON with $ 100 !	PERSON was jogging one day . Suddenly she spotted something on the ground . It was a dropped cell phone ! She scrolled through it to fine the emergency contact . Then she returned the phone to its grateful owner !	PERSON saw a Wanted poster in the grocery store . Later that night , she saw a man who looked just like the photo ! She called the police quickly and gave them the information . Thanks to PERSON 's help , the police caught their criminal . Later , the police chief called PERSON to personally thank her .	PERSON lost her golden ring at school . She looked everywhere , but it was gone ! Without hope , she checked at the Lost And Found office . And there , to her shock , she retrieved her ring ! PERSON was so happy that some honest student had returned it .	PERSON 's dog ran away . She was distraught ! She put up signs all over the neighborhood . Then a stranger called . He had thankfully found PERSON 's dog !
lost money	I was walking down the street with a friend . I ended up losing my wallet out of my pocket . I went back to search for it . I could n't find it . I ended up being very disappointed that I had lost $ 20 dollars .	PERSON went to his boss to ask for his paycheck . The boss opened up the store safe and took it out . PERSON took the check and put it into his pocket . Later that day PERSON reached into his pocket to get his check . The check was nowhere to be found .	PERSON lost a $ 50 bill somewhere . She was so upset , she almost cried . Then , the next day , doing laundry , she found it ! It was wet , wrinkled , and clean in the washer ! PERSON was elated !	PERSON was in the bakery buying bread . She handed over a $ 50 bill to the cashier to pay . She got the chance and went out of the store . The wind was so strong that it took the money away . She tried to catch it but it was gone .	PERSON was trying to pay off his credit card . He sent money through the credit card application . After a few days , he had an overdue charge . The bank representative told him that they never received a payment . However , he looked into his account and there was no money .	PERSON was at the store checking out . She looked in her wallet but could n't find her money . She looked in other parts of her purse . She realized there was a line forming . PERSON could n't find the cash so she paid with her card .	PERSON did n't trust the banks . He kept most of his money in cash . He would bury it out in his yard . One day PERSON had a heart attack and died . Everyone dug up his yard looking for money .	One day PERSON was driving home from work . He needed to drop by the cleaners to pick up his clothes . As he got out of his car he saw something green on the ground . As he stepped closer he saw that it was money . There were 10 100 dollar bills laying on the ground !	PERSON just had a check in his hand . He walked in the house from his truck . He thought he put it on the table . He looked back in his truck . The check was laying on the ground .
audition	PERSON wanted to be in the school play . She rehearsed the lines in preparation for the audition . During the audition , PERSON spoke her lines from memory . The drama teacher posted the cast names for the parts . PERSON was excited to find her name on the list .	PERSON had a choir audition at school . She was very nervous . But she did her very best ! After her audition , her smiling teacher pulled her aside . She welcomed PERSON into the school choir !	All of PERSON 's friends told him he was a great singer . PERSON always wanted to be famous for something . He heard that American Idol auditions were being held nearby . PERSON went and auditioned for the show . The judges laughed at him and were n't impressed at all .	I wanted my own show on PERSON 's network . I mapped out a short tv cooking show outline . I wrote a three minute script about food preparation . I submitted my audition tape to the OWN network . I did n't win with PERSON but I have my own cooking show on YouTube .	PERSON was auditioning for a theatre show . He knew what he was doing and was prepared . He had to wait for 2 hours . He auditioned and did well . He got the gig .	PERSON wanted to audition for the school play . She was scared she would forget her lines . She practiced and practiced . Her audition went perfectly . PERSON got the lead role .	PERSON really wanted to be in the school play . He was very nervous and was n't sure if he would even audition . On the day of the audition he just decided to do it . He auditioned and was n't sure how it went . The following day he found out that he made the lead role in the play !	PERSON wanted to play on the volleyball team . She went to auditions . There , she did a very poor job ! It turned out PERSON was n't good enough to make the team . She was sad , but she understood .	When PERSON was in middle school , he wanted to be an actor . He got an opportunity to audition for a special school for the arts . He practiced his audition for weeks . After the audition , he thought he did well . He received a letter in the mail notifying him that he did n't get in .
breaking up	PERSON hated his girlfriend 's friends . They often got into arguments . PERSON 's girlfriend thought he was being too controlling . They argued over it for a while . Eventually the decided on breaking up .	PERSON and PERSON decided to break up . They tried to stay friends . It was too difficult . Jealousy issues came up . They had to cut ties entirely .	PERSON and his girlfriend kept fighting . He felt they could n't fix things . PERSON decided to break up with her . PERSON 's girlfriend told him she was pregnant . PERSON decided to stay with her instead .	PERSON tried to break up with his girlfriend last weekend . He took her somewhere public to avoid a scene . She did n't care . She blew up and threatened him in front of everyone . He decided to stay with her out of fear .	PERSON wanted to breakup with her boyfriend . She went to the library and met him there . Her eyes started watering . She could hardly contain herself . She finally told him the truth and walked away in tears .	PERSON was upset at his girlfriend . He had been upset for a while . He tried to talk to her about it . PERSON 's girlfriend did n't want to listen . PERSON asked to break up .	PERSON had broken up with his girlfriend . Later he began to miss her . His girlfriend was upset that he had left her . PERSON asked her to take him back . PERSON 's ex-girlfriend refused to talk to him .	PERSON was tired of her relationship with PERSON . He was a control freak and did n't want to admit it . She tried to go to see a relationship expert with him . The expert was on her side and told her to break up . PERSON waited for PERSON to be out to leave the house with her things .	PERSON hated his girlfriend . He kept trying to break up with her . She never really let him . PERSON eventually moved away . He ignored her completely .
the big game	PERSON was a big fan of State basketball . The national basketball tourney was here . PERSON bet a hundred dollars his team would win the tourney . When the first round was played , an unranked team beat State . PERSON was very sad that his team had lost .	I see him coming , he 's running really fast . I know this is it I have to jump and block him . Just as I 'm about to jump and block his shot . The referee blew his whistle . Seems he traveled with the ball .	PERSON was playing football . It was the championship . PERSON was the quarterback . He threw a game ending interception . The team supported him after the game anyway .	It was the last game of the playoffs . PERSON 's football team was tied with their rivals . They would go into the tournament if they won here . They did not win the game . PERSON 's team had a pizza party anyway and PERSON did n't mind losing much .	PERSON is a shortstop for his little league team . He had been nervous about the game for several days . On the day of the game , his entire family came to cheer him on . PERSON suddenly became relaxed and calm . PERSON ended up hitting a walk off home run to win the championship game .	I was watching sports on TV . The players were on the field . One player threw the ball to another . The other team tackled the player . The team lined up to play again .	PERSON was a big football fan . For the big game he always had people over . He invited several friends and made tons of snacks . Everyone watched the game and had lots of fun . PERSON made sure to let everyone know to come back next time .	PERSON was the team basketball star at his school . This game determined who would go on to state finals . PERSON and his team mates played with all their heart . The game was tied when PERSON shot the last basket hoping to make it . The team won by two points and went on to state finals .	PERSON and PERSON both claimed they were the best basketball player . One day they decided to find out who was better . PERSON loved to brag , but PERSON was focused on the game . Eventually PERSON beat PERSON by 1 point . PERSON learned that day to focus on the game , not on bragging .
bad day	PERSON arrived at the bakery early in the morning . She prepared the dough and baked the breads . But that day , she was distracted by personal problems . The dough overcooked and all the breads were spoiled . She had to closed the bakery till the next day as there was no bread .	PERSON had a really bad day today . She decided to go for a run and clear her mind . While running , she stepped in a mud puddle and splattered herself . She was covered nearly head to toe in wet mud . PERSON came home and took a shower and went straight to bed .	The professor told us to began working on the lab . I was able to work with my lab partner successfully . However , me made a mistake in the procedure . As a result , we could n't gather any results from the experiment . We also can out of time , and was forced to clean up the lab .	PERSON was having a bad day . It started when he overslept and was late for work . His car broke down on the way home so he had to walk . When he got home , his wife told him she wanted a divorce . PERSON went to bed early and hoped tomorrow was going to be better .	PERSON was having a very rough day . This morning , PERSON 's alarm clock failed , which made her sleep late . After rushing to get ready , PERSON discovered a flat tire on her car . PERSON tried calling a taxi , but her cellphone was not charged . PERSON decided to call out of work , as her day started out bad .	Fran was n't feeling great . Her self esteem was very low . It was hard for her to do anything besides drag herself out of bed . She spent the day on the couch staring out the window . Fran was n't happy .	PERSON was having a terrible day at work . Customers were complaining about the lack of open registers . But there was nothing he could do about it . During break time , PERSON yelled at his boss . He was immediately fired .	My band instructor was extremely furious today . The group of brass instrument players were off sync . They repeated the song several times and did worse every attempt . He ended up dismissing the other instrument players . In addition , he made the brass players learn a new song .	From the moment I woke up , my day was brutal . On the way to work , I got stuck in traffic . As a result , I ended up late . When I came home , I found out that several items were stolen . Before I had the chance to call the police , my phone short circuited .
the proposal	PERSON really wanted to marry PERSON . He got down on one knee . He pulled out the ring . He asked PERSON to marry him . She did n't accept .	PERSON and PERSON have been together for Years . PERSON has a big surprise for PERSON tonight . He took her to a romantic dinner . He knelt down on his knee and proposed . She said yes !	PERSON wanted to ask PERSON to marry him . He could not think of a romantic place to propose . Finally he decided on asking her at a local restaurant . They ate dinner . He proposed after dinner when she said yes .	PERSON was very much in love with PERSON . PERSON decided that she wanted to propose to PERSON . PERSON went out and found a beautiful engagement ring . She took PERSON on a lovely date and proposed over dessert . PERSON happily said yes !	PERSON had been dating his girlfriend for six years . He decided it was finally time to propose . He bought a ring and her favorite flowers . At the restaurant , he had the waiter prepare a special dessert . When his girlfriend found the ring in her cake , she said yes !	PERSON and PERSON were in love . They had dated for three years . PERSON took PERSON to dinner . He asked her to marry him . PERSON said yes .	PERSON wanted the perfect engagement ring to propose to Jan. . He did n't have much money and found shopping discouraging . His grandmother then offered a family ring with a lovely ruby . PERSON accepted but was nervous because it was n't a diamond . When PERSON saw the ring , she was thrilled as ruby was her birthstone !	PERSON and PERSON are dating . They have been dating for two Year 's now . PERSON decides to propose to PERSON . PERSON says she will marry PERSON . They are both filled with joy .	PERSON told me about her proposal . Her boyfriend had caught her off guard at the game . She turned around and saw him on one knee . She was completely surprised . She said yes .
the recital	Jasmine had a piano recital in a month . She really wanted to show everyone how well she played . Every afternoon , she would practice all her songs . She played all her songs flawlessly . Everyone applauded loudly and gave her a standing ovation .	PERSON had been practicing for a long time . Today had finally arrived , her big recital . She was nervous , but excited . She began singing and it was lovely . As the crowd cheered PERSON knew all the hard work had paid off .	PERSON was nervous for his first piano recital . At only 5 years old , he was the youngest to perform . PERSON listened to the other 's play their songs and became relaxed . When it was his turn , he took a deep breath . PERSON had the best performance of the night .	PERSON had practiced very hard . She was ready , but very nervous . She got on stage and gave it her all . She played all of her music . Everyone agreed that she played beautifully that day .	PERSON had to play his recital . He took his saxophone out of the case . He found out one saxophone pad had fallen . His teacher temporarily fixed it using bubble gum . PERSON could play his recital .	PERSON never practiced his violin . His instructor warned him he needed to practice . It would soon be time for the recital . PERSON did n't know his piece . PERSON was n't allowed to play at the recital .	PERSON has been going to dance for 4 months now . She goes twice a week . She has been practicing a lot . She was finally ready for the big recital . She danced her heart out on recital day .	PERSON had been practicing for weeks for the dance . She was the lead dancer in the ballet . Recently her toenail had fallen off from all her dancing . Her toe was in terrible shape , battered and bleeding . PERSON still went on and danced perfectly , getting a standing ovation .	PERSON was nervous about her upcoming oboe recital . She was new to music . She 'd only been practicing for a couple of months . She worked extra hard to get read . When she finished , the audience stood and clapped .
barking dog	PERSON 's neighbors had a large dog . The dog would bark loudly outside every night . The barking kept LOCATION from getting much sleep . PERSON asked his neighbors to do something about their dog . The neighbors decided to keep their dog indoors at night .	PERSON had a new dog . He was desperate because it was barking all the time . He tried to give it food and walk it outside with no success . He went to bed exhausted and the dog was still barking . Only when he let the dog sleep with him could he fall asleep .	Sue 's neighbor 's dog would not stop barking . Sue went to complain to her neighbor . Her neighbor said she was just dog sitting and the dog would go home . Sue accepted this and went home . The dog 's owner picked up the dog three days later .	PERSON 's new neighbor brought with him three large dogs . As he stepped to their front door to meet them , the dogs barked . His neighbor came to the door and tried to silence the dogs . PERSON thought that this would be an ongoing problem . PERSON spent next few weeks trying to get to know the dogs .	I took my dog for a walk in the woods . At the creek , he began to bark at a figure in the distance . Upon inspection , I realized it was a dead body . I called the police . They awarded my dog with a medal of gratitude !	The neighbors next door were having a barbeque . They invited us over and asked us to bring an item . I decided to bring rolls . Everyone ate my rolls at the barbeque . Everyone got food poisoning from my rolls .	PERSON was installing a new sprinkler system in the yard . He walked over to the fence to dig a hole . The neighbor 's dog ran up to the fence , barking loudly . PERSON was startled and jumped back . The neighbor came and got the dog , apologizing profusely .	PERSON 's dog would not stop barking . PERSON tried everything . She gave her dog some treats . When that did n't work PERSON put the dog in time out . The dog eventually stopped barking after an hour .	Kids were playing in the park . Suddenly big dog appeared . He started barking . Kids got very scared . Finally , dog 's owner showed up and put his dog on a leash .
chicken	PERSON made chicken for dinner . He carefully planned it out . However , the chicken took longer to cook than expected . Everyone had to wait a long time for dinner . However , it was delicious , so they did n't mind .	A woman read an article . It talked about maltreatment of animals . It talked about chickens . She decided she wanted to stop eating it . She quit last week .	My girlfriend make chicken and broccoli casserole for dinner . This is one of my favorite meals . However , the chicken came out a little pink . We were worried it was a little undercooked . We just put it back in the oven to ensure we do not get sick .	PERSON was at a farm . He was there on a field trip for school . Then he sees a chicken and tries to touch it . The chicken attacked him . He left the farm and got scared .	PERSON loves to cook . She decided to try a new recipe . She followed the instructions perfectly . However , when she tasted the chicken something was missing . PERSON forgot to add the oregano .	PERSON made a plate of chicken for himself . He heard the phone ring . He went to answer it . He came back and the chicken was gone . He looked at his dog licking his lips .	PERSON wanted to eat chicken . He decided to go ahead and buy a large chicken . He also bought sides . He cooked the chicken in the oven . It turned out perfect .	PERSON had n't eaten much all day . It was now 11 PM , and she and her siblings were hungry . They searched the fridge for something to eat . There was a plate of leftover chicken . They sat at the table and ate chicken while giggling quietly .	PERSON was craving fried chicken . Her mom told PERSON to do all her chores that week . If they were all done , PERSON would get her chicken ! So PERSON double-checked all her chores and waited for Friday . That night , sure enough , there was fried chicken for dinner !
the flood	PERSON was on a shore of a beach . He saw children playing in the sand in front of him . All of a sudden , a large wave began to rush towards the shore . PERSON ran over , grabbed the kids , and ran from the coast . Just as PERSON made it to higher ground , the wave swallowed the beach .	It had been raining for days . The waters kept rising on the PERSON 's property . They put up sandbags and dug trenches but nothing helped . Eventually they had to evacuate . They lost the house and most of their belongings .	PERSON was at home when the rain started . It did n't stop for 10 days as she watched the river rise . Eventually water started seeping under the door . Right when it was about to take the house it subsided . PERSON was safe , and so was her house .	PERSON 's family lived by the river . One week it kept raining a lot . PERSON 's house was at risk of flooding . They decided to evacuate early . PERSON 's family was safe but their house was severely damaged .	The rainy started on Tuesday . It poured all day . It did not stop until Thursday afternoon . The river began to rise . It flooded over the reservoir making driving impossible .	The PERSON family lived in the southern LOCATION LOCATION . They owned their home in a nice neighborhood . A few weeks ago , the Smith 's town received very heavy rainfall . The rains caused the neighborhood to flood . The Smith 's lost most of their belongings in the flood .	My house was completed when we woke up . There was a large storm that ripped off our roof . The rainy continued through the night . The entire family was sleeping and no one heard anything . The house is destroyed .	A terrorist drove a truck over a large dam . When he was halfway over it he stopped . The terrorist detonated a bomb inside the truck . The dam broke and water spilled out . The surrounding town was flooded .	PERSON and her family live right next to the river . During a powerful storm , the river rose extremely high . PERSON kept an eye on the water as it inched closer to her home . She knew they needed to evacuate before they had no way out . Taking very things , they quickly left as water seeped into their home .
the fire	PERSON heard the fire trucks in the distance . They were all headed to a fire in a nearby town . They pulled up and immediately got to work . Soon , the fire was contained . The family was so thankful !	Yaris was a psychopath . He decided to light his house on fire . He took a match and lit the living room on fire . Unfortunately , he forgot to exit the house . He died in the fire .	PERSON was sleeping in his home . He woke up because he smelled smoke . Sure enough , his house was on fire ! Luckily , the fire department sent a truck to his house . The firefighters were able to save PERSON .	PERSON was cooking dinner . As she was cooking , she started to smell smoke . She could not figure out where it was coming from . Then she remembered she had roles in the oven . She looked and they were on fire .	I was walking down my street one afternoon . My neighbor was standing in his yard grilling food . Suddenly , a tree branch fell and knocked his grill over . The hot coals caught his yard on fire , so i rushed to help him . After a lot of effort , we put the fire out and then he thanked me .	PERSON poked the fire trying to stir the embers . He made a log fall over instead . The fire was choked of oxygen . As the fire went out , PERSON panicked and threw on leaves . The leaves were wet and smoke rose up from the fire .	The Fosters family were devastated when they had a house fire . The house had been in their family for generations . Though the fire caused extensive damage they wanted to rebuild . Members of the community heard of their plight and helped them . After a few months the Fosters were able to move back into their home .	PERSON was cooking home alone one night . He lost track of the food while watching television . It caused a big fire . He tried to handle it but it got out of control . He lost everything he ever owned except for his car .	PERSON was terrified . She had just come home to find her house on fire . The firemen were already there . She watched them battle the blaze . Soon they had it under control and her house was saved !
shy	PERSON was interested in science . He participated in the science fair . He had a great project , but he was very shy . He could n't speak up when asked to explain his project . He did n't win the prize because he was too shy .	PERSON has always been shy . She unfortunately has a presentation tomorrow . She got so nervous , she could n't speak . She got up to the front only to sit back down . The teacher allowed her to write a paper instead .	Shy was starting college . She was nervous but excited . She wondered if she would like her classes . On her first day , she met many new friends . Shy realized she would love college , after all !	PERSON was very shy . As he started high school , he decided to change that . He resolved to be more outgoing . Consciously , he made himself make new friends . Soon PERSON 's former shyness was a thing of the past .	PERSON was always a very shy girl . The summer before high school , she decided it was time to change that . She went to classes on extroversion and sociability . She learned how to make friends and act outgoing . When she started high school , PERSON had no problems making friends !	PERSON was very shy . Her classmates assumed she was snobby . But then one kind girl got to know her . It turned out that PERSON was just nervous and easily intimidated . Soon the kind girl helped PERSON make many new friends !	Shy wanted to be a mommy very badly . But she was n't married , and she did n't plan to ever marry . Then she talked it over with an adoption agency . They matched her with a couple who were happy to help her be a mom . And right months later , Shy was holding her new baby girl in her arms !	PERSON had been being mean to the new boy in her class . Then a bully began picking on PERSON . She now knew how the boy felt . PERSON realized she should stop being mean . She realized she should also apologize to the new boy .	My niece started her second year of college last week . One of her courses started today . She is not very outgoing . She sat in the last roll . She hopes she wo n't get asked any questions .
gold	PERSON loved gold . And he already had tons of gold jewelry that he wore . But he could n't afford to buy anymore . He saw someone wearing a gold necklace and ring . He was arrested for trying to beat the person up and steal from him .	PERSON went to the river to pan for gold . He brought his dog Rodent with him . PERSON panned for gold all morning and all afternoon . PERSON got enough gold to equal about $ 200 worth . PERSON and Rodent went home feeling happy .	I was in the river fishing one day . At the bottom of the river I saw something glittery . I swam down and picked it up . It was an old bottle cap . I was disappointed because it was n't treasure .	PERSON saved up some money from thirty years working in the oil fields . He decided to put his money towards gold bars . The price of gold fell and it seemed like he made the wrong decision . PERSON was patient and the price of gold gained in price . PERSON now looks like he made a smart decision .	PERSON 's son ran outside . He began to dig in the ground for no reason . PERSON noticed him and quickly ran towards him . Before saying anything , he saw something with a a gold shape . When he pulled it out , he found out that it was a golden ring .	PERSON was digging in the sand at the beach . He found a lump of what looked like gold ! He was so excited . He took it to get appraised right away . But he was told it was only pyrite , fool 's gold !	PERSON was panning for gold . She had taken her sifter to the local creek . She eagerly sieved through rocks and debris . Sadly , PERSON did n't find any gold . But she found some very pretty pebbles !	PERSON had just seen a movie about panning for gold . His mom said there was no gold in their backyard creek . But PERSON insisted , and she let him go out with the strainer . After a whole day of panning for gold , PERSON conceded defeat . He admitted his mom was right - their creek had no gold !	I wanted to become an entrepreneur . I decided to enter the gold mining industry . As a result , I became very wealthy . Then , I realized that the gold miners were using child labor . I felt guilty and shut down my business .
thanksgiving	Thanksgiving was one of PERSON 's favorite holidays . He was a man who really liked to eat ! His wife did all the cooking so he got to relax all morning . After a holiday feast , he would help with the dishes . Then he got to watch football all afternoon .	My parents live a few blocks from me . They used to have a bigger house , but they lost it to the bank . Their new house is really little . We did n't know how we would all fit for Thanksgiving . Somehow there was enough room and it was a lot of fun .	PERSON went to his parents house for thanksgiving . He hugged his parents and sister . He then ate dinner . After dinner , PERSON and his family talked for hours . PERSON went home completely satisfied with his day .	I never really enjoy Thanksgiving much due to not having much family . This year , I was invited over to my son 's cousin 's house . We had so many food items , the dinner was truly delicious . After we ate , the adults gathered for a few games . When we finished , we said our goodbyes and went home to sleep .	PERSON was hosting her family 's Thanksgiving for the first time . She was a little nervous , but thought she could pull it off . Unfortunately she left the turkey in the oven too long . It was badly burnt , and the main course ruined . PERSON decided to let someone else host next year .	It was Kia 's first Thanksgiving away from home . She was a freshman in college and her family was on the other coast . But then her whole dorm decided to make dinner together . Kia helped with the preparations happily . She was happy to Thanksgiving with her new friends .	Our family was excited to spend Thanksgiving at the cabin . The cabin was located far back in the woods . After eating , our family went for a walk in the woods . We also went for a hayride through the woods . We had a wonderful time celebrating Thanksgiving at the cabin .	All my family got together for Thanksgiving last night . Even my aunt and uncle PERSON came . We all had a lot of food . We drank plenty of wine . Everyone had fun and we plan to do it again next year .	PERSON was having Thanksgiving at her house . She was in the kitchen all day , cooking food . Finally she finished cooking in the evening . Everyone served themselves food . PERSON had a good time and the food was lovely .
revenge	PERSON 's boyfriend cheated on her and she wanted revenge . She decided to set his car on fire . PERSON set a rag on fire and placed it in the trunk of his car . In her rage , she failed to realize it was the wrong car . PERSON was arrested and charged with 2nd degree arson .	PERSON called PERSON . She broke up with him since she had feelings for another man . PERSON was furious since the breakup was over the phone . He sent embarrassing photos of her to everyone in their school . Everyone contacted PERSON to ridicule her .	PERSON shook a bottle of coke and set it down . He offered PERSON a frosty beverage . Peter picked up the coke and opened it . Coke shot out of the bottle and covered PERSON . PERSON laughed at his friend 's foolishness .	Drew pushed PERSON on the ground . When she got up , he did n't bother to ask if she was okay . When it was night time , PERSON went to his bed to rest . PERSON came into the room with a black marker . She drew all over his head with the marker .	PERSON killed PERSON . PERSON 's sister , PERSON killed PERSON . PERSON 's sister , PERSON , killed PERSON . PERSON was arrested for murder and sentenced to 25 years . But PERSON 's cousin shanked her to death in the shower .	The dog backed away from the door when she saw it was raining . Her owner grabbed her by the collar . The dog found herself pushed outside into the wet garden . She ran onto the muddy grass to do her business quickly . Once back inside she made a point of shaking herself on her owner .	A car cut me off as I was biking home . I saw the car pulling into the parking lot . I went home and got a can of soda . I spilled it over the car hood . It was foolish but I felt good .	In a feud between two neighbors , PERSON and PERSON refused to back down . PERSON set fire to PERSON 's car in an aggressive move . Frank freaked out and called the cops . The police had no evidence and let Earl go . From then on , PERSON submitted to PERSON 's terror .	PERSON had stolen my marbles and would n't return them . So naturally I plotted my revenge . Late that night I snuck into PERSON 's house . I spotted the bag hidden in her closet . As soon as I grabbed them I beat a hasty retreat !
the fish	PERSON was hard at work . He bought a huge fish tank and he was getting it ready for a new fish ! He picked out a really cool tropical fish and put it in the tank . He watched it for hours . He was very pleased with his new setup !	PERSON was convinced she was going to catch a giant fish . She was going fishing for the first time since she was a kid . She had bought a new rod and reel . She got a bit on her first cast ! She ended up with five bluegill !	PERSON had a big aquarium . He filled it with tropical fish . He loved looking at the tank while he drifted off to sleep . He had big plans for adding more fish . The fish had become his favorite entertainment .	PERSON 's mom gave him permission to get a fish . PERSON chose a blue tetra at the pet store . Every day , PERSON fed the fish . One day PERSON came home to find the fish had died . PERSON 's mom told him that it was n't his fault .	PERSON loves to fish . He got up early one morning . He got his fishing pole ready . Next he walked to the lake . PERSON caught a big fish .	PERSON wanted a new pet . She thought a fish would be an easy pet to keep alive . She fed it every day and cleaned the tank . It died after a few weeks . PERSON was really sad !	PERSON went on a fishing trip . He cast his line in the water and waiting . PERSON reeled in a fish . The fish was incredibly small . PERSON threw the fish back into the water .	Once a woman went fishing . She baited the hook with a giant worm . The worm helped her to catch a giant fish . She entered the fish into a fishing tournament and won . She collected the prize money and ate the delicious fish .	PERSON 's children won a goldfish at a carnival . The kids brought the fish home and took care of it . One day , PERSON found the fish floating at the top of the bowl . PERSON ran to the pet store and bought a new fish . PERSON 's children were unaware that the fish had changed .
the box	PERSON was packing up to move . He got a big box and filled it with clothes and books . It was so heavy he could n't move it ! PERSON unpacked the box he 'd just packed . He put the items in small boxes instead .	PERSON received a birthday present in a big box . She opened the box , but it just had another box . She figured it was a joke and kept opening the box to find more boxes . In the very smallest box , however , was a ring and a wedding proposal . She was so excited that she called her boyfriend and said yes .	The teacher put a wood box in his classroom . During his lesson he stood on the box to lecture . The students stopped taking notes and listened to him on the box . The teacher felt a great sense of power on the box . After he stepped down , he told them the test was on Monday .	PERSON came home from school and found a box on the porch . She thought it was strange because she did n't order anything . She thought about the box all night and finally opened it . It was a gift that her parents had ordered for her for Christmas . PERSON immediately regretted her decision to open the box .	A woman came out of the cafe with a box . While walking by , I attempted to hold the door for her . She screamed at me because she thought I was a chauvinist . I backed away warily and went on my way . She dropped the box full of puppies and one of them died .	PERSON was cleaning out a closet and found a small box . The box was empty and it was purple . Purple was her favorite color so she asked to keep it . Her mother told her she could have it and use it . She put her favorite keepsakes in it and cherished it always .	PERSON found a box by his door . The name of his mother was on it . He was curious to see what was in it . How ever he waited till she got home . When his mom opened it , it was a beautiful dress .	PERSON always played with a box . His mother was worried and questioned him . He said it was his friend and she was more concerned . Then PERSON told his mom he had glued a photo of her to it to play with . Her suspicion disappeared as she finally understood .	PERSON found a box on his porch . It appeared to be a gift , but he did n't know who it was from . He took it inside and opened it up . It was the sweater he had been eyeing ! He never found out who left it for him , but he was very thankful !
christmas shopping	Christmas is in 3 weeks and I have n't bought a single gift yet . Today , I drove to the mall and shopped for five hours . As I made each purchase , I marked someone off my list . Once my shopping was completed , I drove back home . Tomorrow , I will spend the day wrapping presents .	Amber and her friend PERSON went shopping together . They met at a coffee shop downtown . After they had coffee they went to their favorite department store . Amber was looking for a Christmas gift for her husband . She found a sweater that she thought he would like .	PERSON was going shopping for toys for her kids . The toy store was packed on Black Friday . PERSON picked up the last Barbie doll at the same time as another woman . The woman rudely snatched the doll and walked away . PERSON had to settle for another type of doll .	PERSON liked to be ahead of schedule . She started Christmas shopping in September . Soon , she had all her presents bought and wrapped . She was relieved to have all the hectic parts of the holiday done . She was excited to enjoy the rest of the season !	I went Christmas shopping for my oldest daughter and was to spoil her . When I got into the store it was like a circus had just been released . I had to push through people to get the items I wanted to purchase . I quickly retrieved the last item I was getting and proceeded to pay . I went to pay for the gifts and the total was two hundred dollars .	It was almost time to begin Christmas shopping for the year . Sue was really dreading it . The mall was always so busy at that time of year . She decided to do all of her Christmas shopping online . In two hours , she was done , and had n't even had to get dressed .	PERSON really wanted to pay for all her Christmas gifts with cash . In previous years , she had put a lot of the gifts on her credit card . She was trying to get out of debt and has stopped using credit cards . PERSON opened a special savings account to save for Christmas . She successfully paid for all her gifts with cash and no more debt .	PERSON had a big list of Christmas presents to buy . She set off for the mall and began to shop . The mall was so busy , she had to push and squeeze ! It took her five hours to shop . But when she left , she had every item on her list !	PERSON went to the mall to buy her mother something for Christmas . She tried a shoe store , but did n't know her mother 's shoe size . She went to the jewelry store , but could n't afford anything there . She ended up at the candle store where they were having a sale . PERSON bought her mother two scented candles for Christmas .
peaches	July is the season for peaches . We got two buckets of peaches this year . We made jam from the peaches . We also made peach sauce for ice cream ! It was hard work , but all the peaches are gone now .	I was in LOCATION . My friend told me to try the peaches in LOCATION . I decided to follow his advice and I rode down to LOCATION . I went to a peach orchard and purchased a crate of peaches . They were the best peaches that I had ever eaten !	My uncle had a dog named Peaches . She was a snippy Chihuahua . One day we went to visit them . As Peaches jumped into my uncle 's lap , my mother made a face . She said Peaches looked like their sister , PERSON .	PERSON loved peaches . She went to the farmers market on Saturday . She ran quickly to the peach booth . PERSON loaded up all the peaches she could . And went back home with 20 pounds of peaches .	PERSON went walking down the street in NYC . A man came up and asked her how much . PERSON thought the man thought she was a prostitute . She was very angry and told him where to go . The man said he just wanted to buy the bag of peaches she had .	PERSON 's favorite fruit was the peach . He contended that peach went well with everything . PERSON told him that peaches were too sweet for some dishes . PERSON challenged him to offer a dish that a peach could n't join . PERSON eventually admitted defeat .	When I was pregnant , I started craving peaches . One day , I ate a large fresh peach . The juice dribbled , and it was delicious . When I was done , my stomach started hurting . I was in pain for at least an hour .	It was going to be a long day . PERSON had bought a bushel of peaches yesterday . Today she was going to can those peaches . She had sterilized her jars and was almost ready start . The canning syrup was done and she began .	PERSON is allergic to peaches . One day , her friend unknowingly gave her a peach pie . PERSON ate the pie very quickly . She had a terrible allergic reaction . Now she is recovering in the hospital .
gardening	The old man like to tend to his garden . He went outside and plowed a small patch of grass for his new crop . He planted seeds for lettuce , peppers , and cucumbers . He watered the plants every day . After a few weeks , he had fresh produce .	Last month I bought some flower bulbs from the garden store . I planted them in my yard . I watered them everyday . One day they had grown into beautiful tulips . I gave the tulips to my grandmother .	PERSON loved to garden . She would spend many hours on her hands and knees in the dirt . One day a bad storm had hit her neighborhood . Many of PERSON 's flowers were destroyed . PERSON sighed and decided she just had to start over .	PERSON loved to garden . Rabbits kept getting into her vegetables . They were also ruining her flowers . She finally found out how to stop them . Now she has all the vegetables she can eat !	I wanted to plant a tomato plant . My garden is almost too small for it . I picked out the plant at the greenhouse . They helped me with my choice . So far it has been growing nicely .	PERSON loved to garden . She spent lots of time taking care of her many plants . The crows and rabbits wanted to eat the vegetables in her garden . PERSON put a scary scarecrow in the garden . The crows and rabbits did not eat her plants because they were scared .	PERSON decided to grow a garden . She went to the nursery and purchased tomato plants and some seeds . She planted everything in the backyard . She watered the garden every day . When she ate her first tomato from her garden , she was so happy !	PERSON wants a garden . She goes to the gardening store to buy bulbs and supplies . She carefully hoes the dirt where she wants her garden . PERSON plants her bulbs . Her bulbs grow into beautiful flowers that PERSON enjoys .	PERSON and PERSON were working the garden . I came up to help them . They had me pulling weeds . All of a sudden a spider jumped on me and I screamed . The two women just watched me and laugh .
dog park	I wanted to take my dog to a dog park today . I was afraid of how she would act around all the other dogs there . We got in the car and headed down there . She immediately ran around and played with the other dogs . I can not wait to take her back to the dog park .	PERSON 's friend PERSON told him the dog park was a good place to meet girls . On Saturday morning he drove his dog to the park . A few minutes after they were done playing , a pretty girl sat down . PERSON 's dog ran over to see her dog . PERSON ended up on a date next weekend with the pretty girl .	PERSON decided to take his dog , PERSON , to the dog park one afternoon . PERSON was very excited to see other dogs . But the other dogs did not seem interested in PERSON . PERSON attacked one of the dogs in frustration . PERSON and PERSON were banned from the dog park for a year .	PERSON 's dog Max clawed at the door , ready for his morning walk . PERSON put on his leash and they headed outside . As they walked , PERSON noticed a dog park filled with other dogs . She opened the gate and let max inside the play area . PERSON played with several of the other dogs and had fun .	Today I took my dog to the dog park . First we walked for 20 minutes to get there . Then I let him run around for half an hour . The other dogs ran around with him . Then we came home .	PERSON was depressed because his girlfriend had broken up with him . It was over a month ago but he could n't forget about it . He decided to take his dog to the dog park . While he was there a very pretty girl started talking to him . He ended up asking her out on a date .	I went to the dog park with my black lab . My dog ate a lot before we left the house . Halfway to the park , my dog had to poop . I forgot to bring a plastic bag to pick up the poop . I just left it there , and continued to the dog park .	Yesterday i took my dog to the dog park . My dog loves playing with the dogs there . But this time another dog came and bit my dog . I quickly left the dog park . Thankfully my dog was n't hurt .	PERSON took his dog for a walk every morning . Last Tuesday , they walked further than they ever had before . They discovered a new park where there were lots of dogs to play with . PERSON 's dog was excited and started jumping up and down . PERSON could n't believe he had n't known about the park before .
PERSON goes camping	PERSON had a strong love for camping One day she went camping with her friends Her and her friends set up the tents , and made a fire They roasted hot dogs and Marshmallows over the fire They had a very good time and barely slept	PERSON set up her tent at the campsite . Then , she made dinner . It started to rain . It is a good thing that PERSON completed her set up . PERSON made her bed and read a book until it stopped raining .	PERSON had always been afraid of the outdoors . His friends encouraged him to come camping , but PERSON said no . Finally PERSON decided to face his fears . He took a short camping trip and loved it . Now PERSON 's fear of camping is just a memory .	Brad never like the outdoors . But his friends made him come along on a trip . When they got to the campground they set up the tent . PERSON was really having a good time in the outdoors . PERSON enjoys the rest of the trip and now loves the outdoors .	PERSON is bored at his house with his kids . He suggest that they all go camping . They all agree to go camping . They all head out to the campground and have a great time . PERSON loved taking his kids camping .	PERSON likes to go camping . PERSON went to a state park with her friends . They stayed for the entire weekend in their tents . PERSON brought hot dogs to eat . PERSON packed up on Sunday and drove home .	PERSON takes him family camping . PERSON builds a fire . PERSON sets up the tent . PERSON roasts marshmallows . PERSON has a great time camping .	PERSON was invited to go camping during the weekend . He was nervous but excited about it . He went and bought all the necessary supplies . PERSON and his friends chose a lake spot . The trip was a success for PERSON and his buddies .	PERSON is going up north . He is going camping . He is going to sleep in a tent . He will go for a nature hike . He is excited .
hamburger	The man made himself a hamburger at work . He ate the hamburger . His boss saw him eat it . The man was supposed to have paid for it . The man got in trouble .	PERSON went in a fast food restaurant to order a cheeseburger . The line was very long so he played a game on his phone . When it was his turn , he ordered the meal . But he was told that there was no cheese left that day . He chose a regular hamburger but he did n't like it at all .	PERSON bought a book on healthy eating . She bought groceries for one of the recipes . She followed the instructions exactly . The food tasted bland to her . She went out to get a fast food hamburger .	Sue made herself a hamburger . She sat down on the couch and took a few bites . She ran upstairs to grab her phone . When she came back , her hamburger was gone . Her dog had eaten it off the plate .	PERSON put a hamburger on the barbecue . She went inside while the hamburger cooked . She came back outside to check on the hamburger . The hamburger was gone ! Down the street there was a dog eating a hamburger .	PERSON was hungry , but did n't feel like going out . He looked in his freezer and saw some hamburger meat . He got out the meat and started cooking it . After it was done , he got out some bread and condiments . With his fresh burgers , he ate dinner and watched a movie .	The man opened a hamburger stand . He sold five thousand hamburgers . He invested that money in a new building . He opened a large hamburger restaurant . He sold over a million hamburgers .	Billy really was quite hungry . He wanted something quick to eat . PERSON drove down to the burger bar . He ordered his favorite burger . He ate it up !	I just arrived in LOCATION . My friend said I should try a hamburger . I was skeptical but I agreed . We went to a diner and bought two hamburgers . They were delicious and I ordered another one !
headache	PERSON went to school that day with a headache . She had a big test and was afraid to fail it because of the pain . She looked in her bag but found no medicine . She then asked a friend to give her some aspirin and took it . The headache went away but she failed the test anyway .	PERSON had a headache . He was scared it was the beginning of the flu . He took some headache medicine and went to bed . When he woke up the headache was better . He was so glad to not have the flu .	PERSON woke up with a headache . He drank some water , but could n't find the asperin . It was n't in his medicine cabinet . He remembered he had a travel sized pack in his travel bag . He took some aspirin and his headache went away .	PERSON had a huge headache . He tried to sleep it off . He woke up with a bigger headache . He then took some medicine . After an hour the headache was gone .	I visited my grandfather 's house . He hugged me and offered a seat . Although I tried talking about tomorrow 's party , he did n't listen much He tried to speak about a different subject . I ended up leaving since he could n't stop talking .	PERSON woke up with a headache . He called in sick to work . Then he took a few aspirin . Soon he was feeling better . The next day , he returned to work .	PERSON 's brother played in a band . They practiced in the garage every day . The music was really loud . PERSON got a headache from the loud music . PERSON took some medicine for her headache and it went away .	PERSON had a minor headache for a week . So he went to the doctor . His doctor recommended medication . But PERSON instead decided to eat healthier and exercise . After his headache went away , he was glad he did n't take medication .	PERSON had a really bad headache . She tried to rest to make it go away . That did n't work so she took some medicine . The medicine made her so tired that she fell asleep . When she woke up the headache was gone !
winner	PERSON decided to run a race . He had taken a break from running for a while . As he was getting ready , he started to feel nervous . On race day , he wore his lucky shoes . PERSON won the race and beat his personal record .	PERSON bought a lottery ticket . She never played , but she was feeling lucky this week . She eagerly watched the drawing on TV . As the numbers were called out , she grew excited . She had matched every number and won the lottery jackpot !	PERSON was playing hockey at school . The game was tied and almost over . Then PERSON made the winning shot ! Everybody cheered ! PERSON was so proud of himself !	PERSON bought a ticket for her town 's annual raffle . She did not expect to win . Still , she hoped ! When the ticket was drawn , she saw it was the same number as hers . PERSON was thrilled that she had won the raffle !	Han bought a scratch lottery ticket . He usually did not win , but he still hoped . He scratched the ticket eagerly . Then he doubled over in shock . Han 's ticket was a big winner !	PERSON 's office held a raffle for the employees . PERSON got a ticket , hoping he might win . They said they would announce the winner the following day . PERSON went to work , with his raffle ticket in his pocket . When they announced the winner , PERSON was amazed that it was him !	Jan bought 300 lottery tickets for the big jackpot . When the results came in she had seen that she won . The first thing Jan bough herself was a Ferrari . After 3 years Jan had spent all the money that she won . Jan then bought 600 tickets for the next big jackpot but lost .	PERSON had just lost a lot of weight . She was proud of herself . So she entered a swimsuit contest . PERSON won first prize in the contest . She was so proud of herself !	PERSON bought a scratch ticket on her way out of the grocery store . When she got home , she scratched the ticket . At first she could n't believe her eyes . Then she screamed with joy . PERSON had won eight hundred dollars !
safari	I went to a safari with my family . We bought feed buckets at the front gate from a nice lady . She filled them up for us to feed the animals . We drove through the safari feeding all the exotic creatures . The ostriches snapped and bit my fingers .	PERSON went on a guided jungle trek . She rode an elephant on her safari . The elephant took the trekkers to a hidden jungle waterfall . There , they drank and cavorted in the refreshing water . PERSON had a wonderful time on her jungle trek .	PERSON was on a safari in LOCATION . He saw no animals at all ! But then his guides called his attention . PERSON looked and saw three lions approaching ! They got almost close enough to touch !	Will was a boy who really loved animals . Will 's greatest dream was to go on a real safari . Will 's parents surprised him with a safari trip for his birthday . Will saw every animal he loved while on the safari . Will also got a pretty good sunburn during the trip , too .	PERSON always loved the elephant . Ever since childhood , PERSON wanted to see elephants up close . As an adult , PERSON now planned a safari for his family . In the summer , PERSON took his family to LOCATION . There , for the first time , PERSON saw an elephant up close and personal .	I went on a safari in LOCATION . I was hoping to see some kind of oryx . I did see some species of gazelle and even some predators . But I never saw any oryx . I was fairly disappointed in the safari .	I got a job at a small safari . I rented a house on the property . I cared for a baby lion for a couple of months inside my home . After he got too big , we fully integrated him with the other lions . Someday I plan to return to visit my little lion .	PERSON had always wanted to see an elephant in person . When his friend offered him a chance to go on safari , he was ecstatic . But for the first two days , they saw no elephant herds at all . PERSON was worried until a familiar shape appeared on the horizon . The elephant came nearly close enough to touch , and PERSON was overjoyed .	PERSON went on an African safari trip . During the safari , he saw lions and elephants . He took many photos of these wild animals . When PERSON returned from his trip , he realized he lost his camera . PERSON 's friends did n't believe his stories without the pictures .
the race	PERSON was putting his horse in a race . He was nervous about it . PERSON gave his horse a bath . He combed out her mane . The next day PERSON 's horse won the race .	PERSON wanted to win his first race . He practiced every day for weeks . After and before school . Eventually the race came about . He won by a long shot and moved on to the next one .	The guys lined up at the starting line . It was time to race ! They took off when they heard the starting pistol . The ran as hard as they could . The defending champion won again !	It was all on the line for a trip to the Olympics . PERSON stood on the starting blocks ready . The gun went off and she flew . Out of the corner of her eye she could see the other runners . Aiming to beat them , she surged across the finish line in first place .	PERSON revved his engine at the car next to him at a light . The other car revved back . As soon as the light turned green PERSON was off . It was a close race but PERSON pulled ahead at the end . PERSON won and felt proud	PERSON wanted to be the fastest runner in the school . PERSON practiced and trained every day to complete his goal . He eventually challenged LOCATION to a race . PERSON won the 100 meter dash but lost in the 200 meter dash . Both PERSON and PERSON decided to work together to become faster .	PERSON knew he could do it . Just a little more and gold would be his . But , he saw a fellow racer had crashed of course . He had to help . PERSON was so fast enough helping the racer that he got second place !	PERSON had never drag raced before . His friend told him it was a bad idea . He tried to anyway on Friday . He lost horribly and was humiliated . Now he listens to his friend more .	We all went to the race together . We cheered as our friend was up . He squealed his tires and burned rubber . He won the race . We took him out to celebrate afterwards .
ballet	PERSON always loved dance . When she was four she decided that she wanted to be a ballerina . Her parents signed her up for classes . She practiced hard every day in and out of class . A decade later she became a prima ballerina .	I was a ballerina as a young girl . I did ballet for about 11 years . I felt I was ready to do pointe shoes . My school said I was too young and my feet were n't ready . I was so upset , I quit ballet for good .	PERSON was a football player . He need to improve his flexibility . So he decided to take ballet . His other teammates made fun of him . However , PERSON became a much better football player .	PERSON was dancing in the ballet . She watched the crowd 's admiration . She got distracted and slipped and fell . She broke her ankle . The crowd gasped in shock .	PERSON was watching his daughter , PERSON 's , ballet performance . But he was quickly getting bored . Eventually , he fell asleep . PERSON saw her dad sleep and felt sad . She decided to never do ballet again .	PERSON was a talented dancer . She decided to teach her sister ballet . Her sister practiced how to dance daily . She never became near as skilled as PERSON was . She gave up and quit dancing .	PERSON wanted to take ballet . She told her mom . Her mom and dad talked about it . They decided it was okay . They signed PERSON up for ballet lessons .	PERSON wanted to be a dancer . He asked his mom to take ballet lessons . She said maybe that was better suited to females , but she compromised . She offered to let him take modern dance classes . PERSON decided that was better than nothing , and he agreed .	PERSON started practicing ballet . His father disapproved and beat him . PERSON did n't give up and became an expert . His father eventually went to one of his performances . His father fell in love with ballet and apologized to PERSON .
PERSON 's dinner	PERSON was hungry , and he really wanted pizza . He called up a pizzeria , but their driver was sick ! So he tried another one , by they did n't deliver . He tried a third , but they had closed early that night ! Finally PERSON bought supplies and made up his very own pizza !	PERSON had a problem , he was a thief . PERSON saw money his mother had left on the table . PERSON took it for snacks . There was no money for dinner . PERSON 's snacks became his dinner .	PERSON was hungry and driving home from work . She passed by a strip mall with a few restaurants . She only wanted to go the sushi restaurant . But she knew it was expensive . She decided to eat there but felt guilty .	PERSON did n't have a lot of money until his next paycheck . He really wanted to go eat out with his friends , but he was broke . PERSON told his friends he would join them next time . He went home and ate a sandwich and some chips . He would spend his money more carefully next paycheck .	PERSON was hungry . He went to the grocery store for his dinner . He could n't find anything he wanted . PERSON gave up on grocery shopping . He stopped at a fast food restaurant for dinner instead .	PERSON thought she would make a nice dinner for her husband . She went to the store and picked up all the ingredients . She went to cook and had burnt the spaghetti noodles . When her husband came home PERSON was crying . He assured her it was okay and they went to a nice buffet instead .	PERSON wanted to cook a romantic dinner for his wife . He used a recipe he found on the internet . Unfortunately , he accidentally burned the meal . PERSON called a Chinese take-out . He still impressed his wife with his romantic dinner .	PERSON was disgusted with his dinner . He had thrown a fit when he was supposed to eat it . As a result , it got cold . His father told him he could n't leave the table until it was gone . PERSON might be there for a long time .	PERSON was n't very motivated to cook dinner . He decided to go out to eat instead . He carefully weighed his options . PERSON settled on a local steakhouse . He enjoyed his dinner very much .
tag	PERSON loved playing tag . He would tag anyone and just yell out they were it . He did not care if you were old or a baby , you were it . When he tagged his friend PERSON his pinky got caught in his shirt . His pinky may have broken , but his doctor is still it .	The kids were playing freeze tag . PERSON kept getting caught . Nobody unfroze him for some reason . He was very upset by this . He cried and left the game .	PERSON and PERSON were middle school students . They also lived in the same neighborhood . They would play together every day after school . Their favorite game was tag . PERSON always outran PERSON and they both had fun playing .	The children gathered at recess . They were trying to decide what to play . PERSON suggested they play tag . PERSON chose PERSON to be it and at once the game started . The children ran away from PERSON as he began chasing them .	PERSON had never played tag before . Her friends got together on the playground and made her it . She tried to chase after them but could n't keep up . Seeing that she was sad , they allowed her to catch them . They spent the rest of the time taking turns being it .	PERSON and his friends wanted to play a game during recess . They thought about what to play . Eventually they decided to play tag but someone needed to be it . PERSON volunteered . Together they chased each other the whole recess .	I was making the bed . My son was helping me . He asked about the tag . I said it could only be removed by the consumer . He asked if that meant .	The little kids were outside playing tag . One fell and skinned her knee . She went crying to the teacher . The rest of the kids continued to play . Because one got hurt , they are no longer allowed to play tag .	PERSON and PERSON were playing tag with some friends . PERSON tagged PERSON and she took off running . She ran fast , but not fast enough . Soon the others caught up to her . Now it was time for PERSON to chase everyone !
dinner	PERSON was hungry . But he did n't know what to eat . He looked through his refrigerator . And all he saw was bread . PERSON had bread for dinner .	PERSON invited his family to a dinner at his new house . He cleaned the whole house and it looked nice . PERSON cooked a very nice meal . His family arrived and they loved his new house . They also loved the food he cooked .	My husband made chicken for dinner . The way he makes the chicken is one of my favorite meals . However , the chicken did n't look quite cooked through . We were worried we would get sick . He put it back in the oven and it came out fine .	PERSON 's mom was too sick to make dinner , or even get out of bed . She decided to make dinner herself , for the first time . She very carefully boiled water , and cooked spaghetti noodles . She warmed up spaghetti sauce , and toasted some pieces of bread . Her mother was so grateful , she gave PERSON a big hug .	PERSON set out to make a nice dinner . He bought some fresh chicken and vegetables . He put them in the slow cooker in the morning . In the evening , he pulled out the chicken and vegetables . He shared the meal with his wife , and they enjoyed it a lot .	Fran and her brother set off to explore the exhibits at the fair . It was n't long before the aromas from the food vendors tempted them . It was near dinner time , so they decided to have a meal . They were so many choices it was difficult to decide . Finally , they agreed upon corn dogs , onion rings , and funnel cakes .	PERSON was a great cook . She decided to make dinner for her parents . When they arrived home from work , the dinner was ready . They were unsure at first , but ate every bite . PERSON was praised for her hard work .	Ada always ate healthily . But one night she really craved junk food . She ordered herself a pizza and some ice cream . As she ate the food , her eyes closed in pleasure . PERSON realized it was wonderful to eat poorly one in a while !	Tonight I decide to cook dinner early . We had a big game and I wanted to make sure we had food . After the game everyone decide to go out for Dinner . I forgot all about the food I had made . When we got home it was cold and we could n't eat it .
bad service	PERSON asked a friend to write a report or her . It took her friend a few days to prepare the paper . They exchanged the money and report when the paper was due . After the class , PERSON received a phone call from her friend . She was mad since her report received an F.	Mike and PERSON ordered some food in the restaurant . It took 40 minutes to get their food . The waitress was not really nice to them . They ate their food . They did not give the waitress any tip .	PERSON moved into a new apartment . He liked everything except for one thing . His cell phone provider service was terrible . There was only one corner where he could make calls . PERSON still liked the rest of the apartment enough to make up for it .	PERSON worked at the counter of a local fast food restaurant . One day a particularly rude customer yelled at him for no reason . He then put a used band-aid in the burger they ordered as retaliation . The customer found it after biting into it , and told the manager . PERSON 's manager reprimanded him , but he figured it was worth it .	PERSON entered the hotel on a Friday evening . She waited ten minutes before anyone showed up to the front desk . The hotel staff then provided her with the wrong key to her room . PERSON needed to go back down and exchange the key . She left a bad review on the hotel 's website .	PERSON went eat at a restaurant with PERSON . They sat at the table waiting for the waitress for half an hour . PERSON and PERSON 's waitress never came to their table . They walked out of the restaurant . PERSON and PERSON told all of their friends about the horrible service .	PERSON went to a restaurant with friends . It took them a long time to get seated . ONce they were seated nobody took their orders . They waited for a long time . Eventually they just stood up and went somewhere else .	PERSON was having issues with his satellite provider . He did n't have service for half of the last two months . PERSON had a month left on his contract . He told the provider he was fed up . PERSON paid the termination fee and switched providers .	Yesterday we went to the middle of town . It was basically nowhere . So we had no service . It was terrible . I felt so bored .
virus	Po 's internet was n't working . So he was sure his computer was infected by a virus . But his antivirus software was no help . His roommate accidentally turned off the antivirus software . And when PERSON used his computer next , the internet was working again .	I downloaded some software onto my computer . Suddenly , the color on my computer screen changed . I moved my mouse but the cursor did not move . A picture of a clown then appeared on my screen . My friend took a look at it and told me I had a virus .	PERSON was researching information for his project . As soon the page tried to load , the site was redirected . A graphic site appeared on the screen . PERSON tried to close it . However , more pop ups appeared .	PERSON was visiting a foreign country on vacation . She heard that the mosquitoes there carried a dangerous virus . PERSON made sure to wear long sleeves and pants . She also wore a mesh face net so no mosquitoes could touch her . PERSON stayed safe and did not get bitten on her vacation !	PERSON inserted the USB port into her computer . It gave her computer a virus . PERSON examined it and it contained pornography . She started watching the videos . PERSON did n't mind that her computer caught a virus .	PERSON did n't want his younger brother , PERSON , to use his computer . But Today decided to use it when PERSON was outside . When PERSON went to his computer , he noticed several pop ups and ads . PERSON said he did n't use the computer . So PERSON blamed his grandmother .	I was browsing the internet when a pop-up screen appeared . It said I had a virus on my computer and gave me a number to call . Worried that I had a virus , I immediately called the number . The person who answered demanded $ 100 to solve my problem . He got rid of the virus after I paid with my credit card .	PERSON 's mom had an issue with her computer . She had lots of pop ups on her screen . PERSON tried to run virus software . But it still would n't work right . PERSON broke down and bought her mom a new computer .	I got a weird email this morning from a friend . I was hesitant to open it but it seemed to reference a project . It had an attachment but I did n't open it . I opened the email and read the contents and it seemed harmless . Just got word that several friends received suspicious emails from me .
the book	PERSON loved to read . Her mother gave her a book for her birthday . She spent the whole day reading . She fell in love with the story . When she finally finished , she felt sad it was over .	PERSON 's class was in the library at school . A boy across the room stuck his tongue out at PERSON . Without thinking PERSON threw a book at the boy . The book hit the boy on the nose which began to bleed . PERSON knew he would be in big trouble for throwing a book .	PERSON loaned a book to a friend . His friend spilled juice on it . PERSON was angry at his friend . PERSON 's friend bought him a new book . PERSON was grateful to have a good friend .	PERSON 's mother passed away after suffering for years from cancer . While packing up her home , he found an old , worn book . There was no writing on the brown , leather cover . He debated on whether he should open it or not . When he did , he found memories his mom share of their time together .	My friend and I were reading a library book . It was a horror novel . We were so excited to see how it would end . However , the final chapter had been ripped out . We decided to just write our own personal endings to the story .	PERSON was an author . He wrote self-help books . He wanted to help many people . He wrote advice that he thought people needed to hear . PERSON got a letter from a man who said he 'd changed his life .	PERSON started writing a book . She had been working on it for a while . She finally finished it . She submitted it to a publisher . It was accepted and published .	PERSON loved to read . He bought a new book to read at night . He got so into the book that he read for hours . When PERSON finished the book , he looked for a sequel . This was his new favorite author !	PERSON got a new book . He started to read it . He wanted to read only a hundred pages . PERSON ended up reading the whole day . He finished the book in a whole day .
the meeting	I was on my way to an important business meeting . However the bus was taking forever . I needed to be at the meeting in twenty minutes . I had a brilliant idea that involved my phone . I would simply video chat until I could get to the meeting .	At the community meeting PERSON demanded to be heard . He strode to the podium with a large stack of papers . He was dripping with rage as he took the microphone . PERSON read through his personal poetry to the crowd . Everyone tolerated him because meetings were usually boring .	PERSON was single . She had been watching an attractive man at the gym for weeks . One day she decided to talk to the man . She walked over and introduced herself to him . They spoke for 10 minutes before he asked her on a date .	PERSON got stuck in traffic on her way to work . She had a very important meeting that day . She was so upset that she was going to be late . She was a main part of the meeting . She showed up 20 minutes late .	PERSON was driving in an unfamiliar area . She was going to an office of a client . PERSON 's GPS was sending her in the wrong direction . She called the client . The client decided to meet her at a coffee shop that PERSON knew instead .	PERSON , 26 , always wanted to go to the local water park . Today , she decided , was the day she would experience the water park . She relaxed in a tube in a wading pool . But a cute black guy flirted with PERSON in the wading pool . PERSON married that cute black guy and laughed at where she met him .	PERSON was having a meeting with her boss . She was very nervous because she wanted a raise . She was planning out what she would say to her boss . During the meeting she discussed the raise . PERSON was happy her boss agreed to give her a raise .	PERSON was meeting his friends at the mall . He got a flat tire along the way . Eddie fixed his flat tire . He called his friends to tell them he would be late . Eddie got to the mall late to meet his friends .	PERSON had a big meeting . He was n't feeling well . PERSON called his boss to tell him he could n't come in . His boss got another colleague to meet with the client . PERSON lost his client .
a new puppy	PERSON wanted a new puppy . He went to the adoption center to find one . All of the puppies at the adoption center were very cute . PERSON finally picked a black and white puppy . PERSON took the puppy home .	On Saturday , PERSON went to the rescue center to adopt a pet . The first animal she saw was a little black and white puppy . She picked up the tiny dog and it licked her face . PERSON knew instantly that she loved this little puppy . She filled out the paperwork and took the puppy home .	PERSON wanted a new beagle puppy . She went to the pet store to look for one . She decided to not get a puppy from a pet store and go with a breeder . PERSON found a beagle puppy from a breeder she liked . PERSON bought the puppy and brought it home .	PERSON could n't believe it . Sitting under the tree with a bow around its neck was a puppy . She was so happy . The little puppy and PERSON played all day . PERSON would remember this day forever .	PERSON was excited about getting a new puppy . He had been asking his parents for weeks about a pet . After proving to his parents he was responsible enough for a pet . They took him to look at dogs . PERSON picked out a cute black and white puppy .	PERSON always wanted a puppy of his very own . His parents told him when he turned 7 he could get one . On his 7th birthday , his parents took him to the animal shelter . He almost immediately fell in love with a furry black puppy . He got to take it home with him that very day .	PERSON had wanted an iguana for a really long time . He read all the reptile magazines so he could learn about them . He thought iguanas were very exciting . But on his way home from school he came across a starving abandoned do . PERSON took the dog home and soon forgot he ever wanted an iguana .	PERSON decided she wanted to adopt a dog . She went to the humane society . She looked at lots of dogs and puppies . She played with a golden retriever puppy for two hours . She adopted it and took it home that night .	PERSON wanted to adopt a new puppy for his birthday . PERSON met with several different puppies at the shelter . PERSON favorite puppy was a small black puppy with a wiggly tail . PERSON decided to adopt the black puppy . PERSON named his new puppy banjo .
tennis match	PERSON was in the middle of a very tennis match . The score was tied and the crowd was tense . She served the ball . The ball shot like lightning . It was an ace and helped PERSON to win .	PERSON played in a tennis match against a very good opponent . However , PERSON won the match . The local newspaper wanted to interview her on her success . During the interview , PERSON said very nice things about her opponent . Because of this , everybody thought PERSON was a good sport .	PERSON is having a tennis match with PERSON . Karen serves a fast ball and PERSON misses the return . PERSON yells at the umpire in frustration . The umpire takes offense and penalizes PERSON . PERSON is remorseful about her actions , but is still penalized .	PERSON decided she wanted to play tennis . She tried versing her best friend PERSON . The two girls played for an hour . It was a close match . PERSON ended up beating PERSON .	PERSON was the best tennis player on his team . He became very sick three days before the big game . PERSON was very upset , because he was sick . PERSON went to the doctor and got some medicine for his health . PERSON regained his health and won the big game !	PERSON had a tennis match . She was excited to play . Her opponent did not know how to keep score . PERSON grew irritated . As a result PERSON had to forfeit .	PERSON is an avid tennis fan . PERSON loved watching her favorite player , PERSON . PERSON was excited to learn that PERSON was playing a match near her . PERSON decided to purchase tickets to PERSON 's tennis match . PERSON could not wait to see PERSON 's match live in action .	PERSON was excited to be in her tennis match . When she went to play , she was ready . Her family was cheering for her . When she finished , she won . PERSON won a medal .	The tennis match was very close . Whoever scored the next point would win . PERSON took a deep breath as she served for match point . Her opponent missed ! PERSON had won the match .
the break up	PERSON and PERSON were a popular couple at their high school . In public the put on a show of affection to prove the loved each other . But tonight they realized it was all a show . PERSON told PERSON she wanted to see other people . She was relieved when PERSON said he felt the same .	PERSON told PERSON he had met someone else . PERSON was devastated to lose PERSON her first boyfriend . PERSON sat inside her house , eating ice cream for a month . One day something snapped in PERSON and she realized she was over it . She grabbed her running shoes and got on with her life .	PERSON and his girlfriend had been having problems . They talked things out and stayed together . One night , PERSON hung up on his girlfriend because he got angry . He did n't answer when she called back . She broke up with him because he had done this before .	PERSON and PERSON were a couple . They had been dating for almost two Year 's . One day PERSON upset PERSON . PERSON decided to end things with PERSON . PERSON and PERSON broke up .	PERSON 's relationship had several problems . He felt that things could n't get fixed . PERSON decided to break up with his girlfriend . His girlfriend understood his position . She agreed with the decision to break up .	PERSON was at the pool with her boyfriend . She noticed him checking out all of the bikini-clad girls . She was sick of his behavior and wanted to break up . The two began fighting and he tried to stop her . It was no use though , and she left the pool and his heart that day .	PERSON did n't trust his girlfriend . It caused problems in their relationship . They tried to work it out but it did n't work . PERSON decided to break up with her . It was messy but for the best .	Me and my girlfriend have been dating for a year now . But it seems every time we take two steps forward . The devil makes us go two steps back . LAbor day weekend i put my phone down for a second . My girlfriend seen the texts in my phone and now we over .	PERSON and PERSON had been dating for months . Things were going well but PERSON was moving . They both knew they could n't handle a long distance relationship . PERSON and PERSON decided to end things on good terms . They were able to remain friends .
hurricane	A hurricane formed near the coast of LOCATION . It happened very quickly . Many people did not have time to evacuate . Heavy flooding damaged many roads and homes . Fortunately , no one was killed .	LOCATION got hit by Hurricane Katrina ten Years ago . It finally rebuilt the coast . However , we still brace every time bad weather brews . Hurricane season is dreaded on the coast . People always take it seriously .	My family saw on the news that a hurricane was going to hit our city . We were scared about being harmed by the storm . The whole family prepared for the storm and put boards on the windows . The hurricane came and even knocked down a tree in the front yard . We had a big mess to clean up but we were so glad that we were safe .	The hurricane came into town . The windows in my house were destroyed by the strong winds . My family ran into my tool shed to be safe . After several hours , we came out . My family helped me clean up the broken glass on the floor .	PERSON lived in LOCATION . The wind started to blow very hard . PERSON was worried and decided to evacuate the house . Her house was destroyed . PERSON was lucky she evacuated when she did .	PERSON and her family lived in LOCATION . They heard a hurricane was coming . They decided to evacuate to a relative 's house . They arrived and learned from the news that it was a terrible storm . They felt lucky they had evacuated when they did .	PERSON and his wife lived on the beach . They knew there was a storm brewing in the ocean . They boarded up their windows and kept watch on the weather . They finally decided it was time to seek shelter . They were lucky that the hurricane did not do much damage .	PERSON was watching the news when he saw a hurricane alert . PERSON quickly gathered his cat and went into the basement . The hurricane passed overhead violently tearing into his house . After awhile everything was quiet so PERSON went upstairs . PERSON 's house was destroyed but he was grateful to be alive .	PERSON lived on the beach . He had been watching the weather and knew a hurricane was coming . He boarded up his house and took other precautions . Right before the hurricane , PERSON decided to evacuate . He was lucky he got out when he did .
PERSON	PERSON wanted to be a cheerleader . She went to the tryouts . There , she did as many cheers as she could remember . The captain told PERSON she had done a great job ! PERSON was asked to join the team right away .	PERSON PERSON liked flowers . He dreamed of one day owning his own shop . He saved up the money and got his affairs in order . Only to have the stock markets crash again . Now PERSON sells beer in a supermarket .	PERSON was competing in the talent show . He was doing a juggling act . He did well , but others did well too . PERSON was not sure if he would win . Then they announced that he had taken first prize !	PERSON was riding his bike through PERSON . He passed many farms and rural homesteads . He even saw cows grazing in a field ! Then he stopped at a roadside cafe for lunch . PERSON thought PERSON was quaint and beautiful !	PERSON wanted a midnight snack . But there was n't much to eat in his house . He dug through the cupboards . Finally he assembled a collection of snacks . PERSON happily munched on his improvised trail mix !	PERSON wanted to learn how to play chess . He bought a chess set and joined a chess club . Over time PERSON became a good chess player . One day PERSON entered a chess competition . PERSON came in 3rd place in the contest .	PERSON worked in a diner in the kitchen . He prepped all the food in the diner . He often would eat the food while he prepped it . One day the manager caught him eating the food . The manager fired PERSON .	PERSON and his wife are quite old . They 've recently found religion and seem rejoiced . They attend church and join the choir . While singing , PERSON feels very happy . PERSON and his wife are rejuvenated by religion .	PERSON was working for the government . He came across some very confidential files . The files showed some horrible things the government has done . He then exposes them online anonymously . He is now in prison because of it .
friendship	PERSON met a girl on the bus . They talked about anime . They talked about characters . They felt they were like a couple that got married in a show . They got married in real life .	PERSON had no friends . This made PERSON very sad . PERSON noticed that PERSON was sad due to a lack of friendship . PERSON decided to be PERSON 's friend . Now , PERSON had a friend !	PERSON had only a few friends , but none he could count on . He began adding new people in neighboring towns on social media . Nobody had accepted his requests after 12 hours , and he was sad . He decided to go to bed and ignore his computer for the night . When he awoke , he found that almost all the people had accepted !	PERSON and PERSON were best friends . One day PERSON got a new bike . PERSON was sad that he did n't have one . PERSON had an idea . He let PERSON borrow the bike when he wanted because of friendship .	Em and PERSON were neighbors , but they did n't get along . They had always squabble , but PERSON wanted to be friends ! So he sled Em over to play in his yard . She was suspicious , but she agreed to come and play . By the end of the day , the two were best of friends !	PERSON wanted to give her friends friendship bracelets for Christmas . But she had so many friends , she could n't afford enough bracelets ! Then she thought of a clever solution . She got out her strings and set to work knotting . Each girl received a beautiful homemade bracelet from PERSON !	PERSON and PERSON met in high school . They did not like each other then . When they got to college , they joined the same sorority . They realized how they knew each other . They are still best friends to this day .	PERSON wanted to be nice and kind to everyone he met . One day he met someone that he did n't like as much . Peter still wanted to be nice to him however . He struggled a little bit but finally was nice to him . PERSON is now best friends with this person !	PERSON and PERSON lost contact ever since middle school . One day Michael found PERSON on Facebook and they reconnected . They both told stories about their lives since middle school . PERSON decided that he did not want to lose connection with anyone . He went on Facebook to find more friends to reconnect with .
the injury	I loved playing football on my high school team . One night we went up against a really tough team . I took a hard tackle and hurt my knee ! It took a month of physical therapy to make me feel better . After that month , I finally got to play in another game .	PERSON was a skilled gymnast . Her team was counting on her to win the competition . On her final dismount , she broke her ankle . Their dream of a gold medal was ruined . PERSON hobbled home and cried .	PERSON was playing in a football game . He was running across the field when he tripped . His ankle twisted and he fell to the ground in pain . A nurse confirmed he had a sprain . Luckily , he was given medication to ease the pain .	PERSON slipped and fell . She felt an intense pain in her back . She could hardly walk ! She called the doctor and got an x ray . He told her to rest for several days .	My son plays hockey for his college . During one game , he injured his shoulder . He went to rehab and worked very hard . The injury started to heal . Because of his hard work , he can play in two weeks .	The team 's best player was limping . He had a knee injury . The team doctor checked him out . He was told to sit on the bench the rest of the night . The team was worried about playing without him .	PERSON 's only plan for a career was to be an athlete . He accepted a basketball scholarship to Duke University . By his senior year he was sure to go into the NBA . But he went up for a rebound and then came down and hurt his knee . PERSON could n't go pro and did n't have the drive to find a job .	PERSON got injured during football practice . He knew he was pushing himself too hard but did n't stop . His coach told him to take a break and get some water . PERSON did n't listen to his coach . He wo n't be able to play football until he gets better .	PERSON was in her first month in boot camp in the Army . She was tired and sore from all the hard work . She could barely sleep long enough to rebuild herself . On a hike she twisted her knee and could n't walk back . She was sad when the injury sent her home from boot camp .
cookout	PERSON decided to have a cook out over the weekend . She invited some of her friends and family to join her . PERSON took a trip to the store to buy her ingredients . She decided on making kabobs and corn on the cob . The evening was a success and they all loved her cooking !	We visited friends in LOCATION in 1999 . Our friends ' parents threw a cookout . The father was a bit odd . He tried to use old plastic to start the fire . His daughter convinced him to use charcoal instead .	LJ and PERSON cooked out every Sunday . This week , they each planned to bring different items . LJ brought sweet potato fries and brussel sprouts . PERSON brought salmon and watermelon . They cooked it on the grill , and ate dinner outside on the patio .	Em wanted to have a cookout for her friends . She thought it would be complicated , but then she sat down . She made a list of what she 'd need to do and buy . It turned out to be much simpler than she 'd thought ! PERSON made plans for her cookout right away !	We attended a family cookout on July 4th this year . My sister in law PERSON 's sister PERSON , came over . PERSON lives in LOCATION , ninety miles from LOCATION . We ate ribs and hamburgers outside , and talked for hours . We had a good time , and left late .	Last year , our building sponsored a cookout . They had a caterer prepare grilled foods . We had ribs , hot dogs , chicken , and hamburgers . They even had an ice cream truck . We did not eat dinner that day .	It was time for the family beach cookout . The PERSON family has been looking forward to this . They bought a huge assortment of seafood to grill . After everything was done , the family sat down at the table . They enjoyed their food together .	We had a cookout this summer . We invited some neighbors to join us . We cooked hotdogs and hamburgers . A storm came up and we all had to go inside . We enjoyed our cookout anyway !	PERSON 's least favorite food was baked beans . Her mother knew that she did not like beans and never cooked them . One day , PERSON went to a cookout with one of her friends . The host had baked beans on the menu . Despite her dislike of beans , she ate some to be polite and liked them
back pain	PERSON always had back pain . He was n't sure what the cause was . Eventually he went to a doctor . The doctor found PERSON 's problem . They were able to treat it appropriately .	PERSON was suffering from back pain as of late . He went to the doctor to find out the cause . His doctor said his posture was causing his back pain . The doctor recommended that he wear a posture brace . PERSON 's managed to rid himself of his back pain .	PERSON suffered from back pain . It never got better . He was convinced to go to a doctor . PERSON had a bulging disk . Minor surgery fixed his problem .	PERSON went to the doctor with a hurt back . His back has always given him trouble . Today , he could hardly move . After an x-ray , PERSON found out he has LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . PERSON is glad to know the reason for always having a bad back .	PERSON had really large breasts . It caused her a lot of back pain . She also got a lot of unwanted attention . PERSON decided to get breast reduction surgery . It made a huge difference in her life .	My friend invited me to play rugby . I accepted his invitation . All of the other players were bigger than me . I was scared but I played the game anyways . One of the players tackled me and my lower lumbar disc herniated .	Yesterday , my back hurt . My friend PERSON told me to go see his chiropractor . I was apprehensive at first , but I went anyway . The chiropractor cracked my back in three places . Afterwards , my back never felt better .	PERSON was playing video games on her computer all night . But her back began to hurt . She ignored the pain and continued playing . But it got so bad she had to lie down . When she tried to sit down the next day , her back was in severe pain .	PERSON always suffered from back pain . He decided to go to a doctor about it . They took some scans and found the problem . PERSON had a pressed disk in his lower spine . He had short outpatient surgery to get it fixed .
the crush	PERSON had a crush on PERSON , who sat next to her in class . They had n't talked at all yet , but she would admire him the whole time PERSON decided to strike up a conversation with PERSON . Soon after , PERSON invited her along to his weekend plans . Now PERSON is dating the man she crushed on .	PERSON had a crush on a boy . She made him a card . She asked him to the school dance . The boy said no . PERSON was disappointed .	PERSON had a crush on PERSON . Every time she would try to talk to him , she got too nervous . One day PERSON asked her a question in class . She realized he needed help , and offered to tutor him . PERSON and PERSON got along quickly and formed a new relationship .	PERSON had a girl who was a friend . He would often go over to her house . PERSON thought her mom was really pretty . He would often hit on her . PERSON was ultimately told to stop .	I saw a cute boy in the library every day my freshman year . I was always very tempted to talk to him . He dressed so stylishly I had to stop myself from staring . One day I sat next to him and introduced myself . Now we are dating and very happy .	I really liked a girl in my class . I had to figure out a way to make her mine . I talked to her friends to see what she liked . I used the info to get her her favorite flowers . She fell in love instantly and became my girlfriend .	PERSON , 23 , checked craigslist for local piano instructors . He visited the home of a piano teacher in his area . The teacher was a 23-year-old Asian female who charged $ 20 per lesson . PERSON signed up and then determined she was single . But who PERSON thought was her brother was really her husband .	PERSON had a crush on PERSON from the moment he saw her at school . PERSON always smiled and said hello , but PERSON could only blush . At the school dance , PERSON saw PERSON sitting quietly by herself . Summoning every bit of his courage , PERSON asked her to dance . PERSON said yes .	PERSON had a huge crush on a boy in her class named PERSON . She was always trying to talk to PERSON , but she never had the courage . One day , she decided that she would say hello to PERSON . She said hello to him in class , and he smiled and said hello back . PERSON was happy and thought that maybe PERSON might like her , too .
stitches	PERSON fell off her bike . She scraped her leg open badly . The doctor had to give her eleven stitches ! Afterward , PERSON 's parents said she had been very brave . She had not cried at all !	Kia had stepped on broken glass . She had cut her foot badly . She went to the emergency room . There , the doctor examined the jagged wound . He told Kia that she needed several stitches !	PERSON was fixing his front porch . He needed to cut a board to replace an old one . PERSON cut his finger on the saw . He needed to go to the hospital . At the hospital , the nurses gave PERSON six stitches .	Frank fell while running . He put a bandage on his leg . But it bled through almost at once ! His mom took him to the hospital . Frank ended up needing twenty-one stitches !	PERSON played outside on a playground . He climbed up the monkey bars and fell down . PERSON scraped his forehead on a rock . PERSON 's dad took him to the emergency room . PERSON got three stitches above his eye .	Mom always used to stitch up my teddy bear . When I was little and I ripped it she would patch it up . She 's not here to do that for me anymore , though . So instead I began to patch up my little bear . Today again I run the needle through and stitch .	Kia was drunk at a bar one night . She thought she heard another girl insulting her . She started a fight with the girl and ended up losing . Kia had to get eleven stitches for a cut on her hand ! She vowed never to drink so much again .	When I was younger , I was standing on a platform . I hopped down , but my foot got stuck . I thought it had bruised , but I looked and realized I had been cut . I had to go to the hospital to get stitches . There is still a scar where the stitches were .	PERSON went for a walk on the beach . She stepped on a sharp rock . Her foot started to bleed . Soon she was rushed to the emergency room . PERSON got seven stitches in her foot .
broken ankle	PERSON had been looking at new basketball shoes . He had been going to the gym and playing more than usual . He thought the shows would make playing more enjoyable . PERSON decided to buy the new shoes . The first time he wore them he broke his ankle and no longer can play .	PERSON decided to be adventurous . She decide to take the training wheels off her bike . Ultimately she fell off . PERSON sprained her ankle . Thankfully though , she was taken to the doctor .	PERSON loved jogging . He went out every morning . One morning he tripped and fell . He broke his ankle . He was n't able to run anymore and gained weight .	My sister in law broke her ankle one year . She had a bipolar husband . One day her husband got into a fight with her son . She tried to break up the fight and they fell on her . She ended up divorcing her husband .	PERSON bought a new pair of high heels . She wore them to work . During her break she lost balance and fell over . PERSON 's ankle ballooned up almost instantly . It wound up being broken in three parts .	PERSON was ice skating one afternoon . Suddenly she slid and fell badly . Her ankle broke from twisting under her ! PERSON was rushed to the hospital for treatment . There , a doctor had to apply a hard cast to her ankle .	My nephew moved in with his girlfriend in 2006 . They lived in a third floor apartment . One wintery day he slipped on the top step . He went down a flight of steps and broke his ankle . He was out of work for six weeks .	I was walking to school . Since I was n't looking at my feet , I stepped on a rock . I landed on the ground in pain . Thankfully , a stranger rushed to pick me up . He took me to the hospital to seek treatment .	PERSON broke his ankle playing sports . He was mad that he could n't play sports for two weeks . He sat in the house bored . He then had an idea . He would play video games that were just like the sports he played .
trick or treat	The doorbell rang . I answered to see a small bee , monster , and a superhero . I grabbed a bowl of candy . Each creature grinned at me . Today is Halloween .	One halloween the streets were packed with children in costumes . The porch lights were on waiting on the trick or treaters . The children arrived at our house and candies were handed out . The children 's bags were full . The children left running for the next house to trick or treat .	PERSON dug through his closet looking for something to wear . After finding the right costume , he rushed out to met his friends . At house after house , they collected candy and treats . After dark , PERSON went home and showed his parents his bag . He got to eat several pieces of candy before he went to bed .	PERSON loved Halloween . But she was finally too old to go trick or treating . So she thought of a better way to celebrate the holiday . She dressed up in her usual flamboyant costume . Then she passed out candy to trick-or-treaters !	As a kid I try to think of routes to take to trick or treat . Each year I try finding all the rich neighborhoods . Sometimes I get bad luck , but overall everything usually works out . My candy load increases ever since I used this strategy . Every kid in the neighborhood asks me for advice .	PERSON went Trick or Treating with PERSON . There was one house on the block too scary to visit . PERSON dared PERSON to ring the doorbell on the scary house . PERSON approached the house slowly . PERSON ran screaming when the door opened before she rang the bell .	PERSON and his wife were getting ready for Halloween . They were trying to decide what kinds of candy to have for the kids . They went to the store and picked up 20 bags of different candies . Halloween night came and they got everything ready . The kids in the neighborhood all agreed their house was the best .	PERSON 's favorite holiday was Halloween . He planned his costume weeks in advance . He met his best friend PERSON at 6:00 sharp on Halloween . They spent three hours Trick or Treating . It would take them months to eat all of the candy they collected .	PERSON put on his halloween costume . He was so excited to be Spiderman . He was anxious to go door to door and get candy . Halloween was his favorite holiday . His favorite because when the night is done he has tons of candy !
snow day	Little PERSON took his dog to play outside . It had been snowing for two days . PERSON and his dog rolled around the snow . They ran until they could n't run any more . PERSON and his dog went inside to take a nap .	The kids watched as the snow fell outside . The listened as the news played in the background . The news anchor was reading a list of school closings . When the children heard the name of their school , they cheered . They could n't wait to spend the day playing the snow .	PERSON wanted to play outside in the snow . He found a nearby hill that looked great for sledding . He pulled his old , red sled out of the garage . He went careening down the hill on his sled . PERSON could n't wait to go sledding again !	PERSON was hoping it would snow overnight . That would mean he would n't have to go to school the next day . When PERSON woke up he rushed to the window . It had snowed a lot over night . PERSON 's classes were cancelled .	The Smiths lived in a very cold area . It snowed one day and the kids were off of school . They went up the hill with sleds and threw snow at each other . They soaked their very slim jackets with cold water . The children returned home with a runny nose and shivers .	There was a large storm developing in LOCATION LOCATION last week . As a result the schools were closed . Because of the snow day , kids cheered . Many went out to play in the snow . It was a nice little vacation for the kids .	PERSON and her family live in LOCATION . The weather is really snowy and chilly in the winter . Last winter , there was so much snow that it came up to PERSON 's knees . She was worried because she could n't walk to school in knee-deep snow . It turned out well , though , because school was cancelled .	When PERSON woke up in the morning , it was snowing heavily . He was dreading going to school because he had to walk there . He went to the television and looked for school closures . The anchorman finally mentioned that his school was closed that . PERSON was happy he did not have to walk to school in the blizzard .	PERSON was excited for a snow day . The news called for over a feet of snow . He did n't bother doing his homework . The next day it did n't snow . PERSON got in trouble at school .
PERSON gets a job	PERSON has been out of work for some time . She had applied for many jobs and heard nothing back . PERSON eventually gets tired of waiting around . She attends a job fair that came into her town . She got hired on the spot after months of no work .	PERSON is 16 years old . PERSON really wants a job to make extra money . PERSON applies to a local retail store . PERSON is interviewed by the manager . PERSON gets the job .	PERSON had applied for a job delivering newspapers last week . He really wanted the job so he could save some money . He waited all week to hear back from the company . Finally , on Friday , he received a phone call . He had gotten the job !	PERSON has been out of work for months . He has tried every local place he can find . Nobody will hire him or give him an interview . One evening he gets a call from his friend PERSON . PERSON gives him a job as a camp counselor .	PERSON has been unemployed for several months . He has found it difficult to get a job . Finally PERSON interviews for a job at the local movie theater . He is hired for the movie theater job ! PERSON feels very happy to finally be employed .	PERSON has been out of work . She applies for a part time job . She gets call the next day for an interview . She goes to the interview dressed to impress . She nails the interview and gets the job .	PERSON asks his parents for a raise in his allowance . They tell him they ca n't . They tell him if he wants extra money he can take a job . PERSON tells his parents he will do it . PERSON takes a job as the new Paper boy .	PERSON has been unemployed for two Year 's . He has been looking for work but has n't yet found anything . One day PERSON sees a babysitter job advertised in the newspaper . He applies and is given the job . PERSON feels so happy that he is no longer unemployed .	PERSON wanted to get a job and move out of his house . He went job hunting and got a job at an office . Unfortunately , his co-workers bullied him . PERSON felt overwhelmed and moved back home . Now PERSON spends all day watching TV .
PERSON loses the game	PERSON is playing a game of basketball . He is so confident he can win . PERSON is losing by two points . PERSON goes for the game winning shot . He misses the shot and loses the game .	PERSON is playing a game of basketball . He is down by just one basket . PERSON goes up to shoot the game winning shot . PERSON misses the shot badly . PERSON was so disappointed he lost the game .	PERSON was the team 's best hockey player . PERSON did not play well in the team 's game . PERSON gave up a game winning goal to the other team . The team was upset at Gus . PERSON retired .	PERSON was the star quarterback . PERSON was playing in the big game . PERSON 's team is down 4 points . PERSON attempts to run for a touchdown . He is tackled before he can score and loses the game .	Jeff is up to bat . His team is losing . PERSON knows he has to get a hit . The ball comes to the plate . Jeff swings and misses .	PERSON is the star player . He has a chance to win the game . The ball is thrown to him . He reaches out to catch it . He misses it and loses the game .	PERSON is a basketball player . She is asked to shoot the game winning shot . The shot is no good . PERSON puts her head down and walks off the court defeated . She lost the game for her team .	PERSON was playing in a basketball game . It was the championship game . PERSON wanted the ball for the last shot . The ball is passed to PERSON . He shoots and misses and loses the game for the team .	PERSON is playing in a football game . PERSON is the star receiver for the team . PERSON knows the ball is coming his way to score a touchdown . PERSON runs deep and the ball is thrown to him . PERSON drops the pass and loses the game .
apple pie	PERSON decided to make an apple pie for her family . PERSON went to the store and got all of the ingredients . PERSON got home and put together the pie and baked it . PERSON took the pie to her family 's house for supper . PERSON was happy when everyone complimented her pie .	I went to buy an apple pie the other day . I went to Whole Foods to get one . They did n't have any more freshly baked pies when I got there . I was a little upset about that . I guess I 'll just go back tomorrow morning to get one .	PERSON wanted to surprise her father for his birthday . Instead of a cake , PERSON decided to bake him a Apple Pie . PERSON gathered the ingredients to bake the birthday Apple Pie . Once , baked , PERSON decorated the pie and added a candle . PERSON 's dad was surprised that he got a Apple pie on his birthday .	I have always hated apple pie . It just felt so gooey and gross . One day I was served apple pie for dinner . I pointed towards the kitchen so everyone would look . I then hid the apple pie in the trash before they could see .	PERSON loved apple pie . However , she did not know how to bake a pie . PERSON decided she would look for a recipe to bake a pie . PERSON found her grandmother 's recipe . PERSON decided she would use her grandmother 's recipe to bake a pie .	PERSON was hungry . Her grandmother was watching her TV shows and had n't cooked . On the table was one slice of apple pie . She thought the last slice was saved for her . But her grandma was saving it for her grandpa .	PERSON loves to eat apples . She loved apples so much her grandmother suggested she make a pie . They worked together and baked an apple pie . PERSON ate a piece of her pie . She thought it was the best pie she had ever eaten .	PERSON started to make an apple pie . She needed it for the bake sale . When she was done baking she went to the bake sale . Luckily for her her pies sold out quickly . PERSON was elated .	PERSON sniffed in the cool fall air . She lifted her basket and began to fill it with apples . Back at the house she prepare the apples and the other ingredients . She baked all afternoon . The apple pies were a big hit at the school luncheon .
the dinner	PERSON wanted to impress his dinner date , PERSON . He decided to cook her a meal from the heart . PERSON went out and bought all of the ingredients . He was in the kitchen cooking for hours . PERSON was touched by his efforts and she enjoyed the meal .	We all went out to dinner together . PERSON ordered the pasta . I got the steak . PERSON got the vegetarian option . All of us were very satisfied with our meals .	Red was making dinner for his family . He did not know what to cook ! He tried making pizza . The pizza burned in the oven ! He ordered Chinese and everyone was happy !	PERSON was hungry . He got home and made himself dinner . It was just a sandwich and some chips . PERSON wished he had someone to cook him dinner each night . He polished off his sandwich and stared at the fridge .	PERSON wanted to make dinner for his wife . He got all the ingredients ready . He prepared everything and cooked things perfectly . Then he waited over an hour for his wife to get home . It was n't until midnight that the police told him of the accident .	PERSON was hosting some friends . He was going to have a dinner party . The friends all brought bottles of wine . They all ate and drank into the night . It was a great time !	PERSON asked his wife to prepare a dinner for his business associates . She was n't a very good cook , so she called a restaurant . They brought her a catered meal . All the guests raved about the food . She just smiled and pretended she 'd made it all .	The friends were meeting at their favorite restaurant . They were having dinner to celebrate their promotions at work . The friends all dined and drank wine . They talked about the exciting things going on in their lives . When the dinner was over , they all went home .	PERSON was having dinner with friends . When it came time to pay her card was declined . She asked them to try it again but it would n't go through . It was a bit embarrassing . A friend offered to pay and everything turned out okay .
dog walker	PERSON was a professional dog walker , and he worked often . His least favorite dog to walk , was a nasty dog named PERSON . The dog often chased PERSON around the house , trying to bite him . Eventually PERSON realized he was still doing his job , just differently . The dog was getting exercised by running after PERSON every visit !	Lily needs extra money , so she decides to make a dog walking business . She makes flyers and posts them all over town . The next day she gets calls from prospective customers . Lily starts setting up appointments immediately . Lily 's dog walking business is very productive and she is happy .	PERSON loves dogs . He would love to own one . Unfortunately he is not allowed to have one in his apartment . He decided to start a dog-walking business because of this . Now PERSON is very happy walking dogs every day .	PERSON put up signs in the grocery store . They offered his services as a dog walker . Soon people began to call PERSON . He got a dozen clients in under a week . Soon PERSON was walking twelve different dogs !	PERSON wanted to make some money for new school clothes . The only problem was , he hated people . He decides to become a dog walker . PERSON walked dogs every day all summer . He is now the best dressed kid in school .	PERSON needed money to pay his rent . He put an ad in the paper looking for work . PERSON 's neighbor called and asked him to walk her dogs . PERSON took the job right away . PERSON was happy to earn enough money to pay his rent .	PERSON was trying to walk her parent 's dog . The dog refused to budge . Luckily , her dad came back from work . He was able to get the dog to walk . PERSON did n't have to walk the dog .	PERSON walks dogs for several clients throughout the day . One day , PERSON had a terrible experience while walking a client 's dog . The dog broke free from the leash PERSON was holding . He saw the dog run into the road after a bird while a car was coming . PERSON told the client about the accident while offering a refund .	Crash had to get a summer job . He looked everywhere but no one was hiring . He found a flier for a dog walking job . He had to walk eight dogs at once . Crash started and quit that job in the same day .
walking the dog	My son and I brought the dog for a walk . My son asked if he could hold the leash . As soon as my son took the leash , the dog began running away . I grabbed my son to keep him from falling . Now I am the only person to hold the leash .	I was walking the dog . He took a poop . I decided not to pick it up . The park ranger saw . He fined me .	PERSON was a dog that loved to go on walks . Karen liked to take her dog Molly on walks and see PERSON happy . They would walk around the block every night after dinner . PERSON and PERSON both looked forward to these walks . Karen knew she would always remember this perfect time with PERSON .	PERSON decided to take her dog for a walk . She took off her slippers and put on her running shoes . She then put the leash on her dog . PERSON decided to just walk around town and talk to people she saw out . They ended up walking for three miles before heading back home .	While out walking my dog today , we encountered a large cow . The cow was in a neighbor 's yard and started to charge at us . I quickly got my dog and I to safety and called the sheriff . The sheriff 's department had to come out and find the owners . The cows had torn down a fence and were grazing in the yards .	I took my dog for a walk one day . It was very sunny so he got hot . We walked to a nearby fountain . He drank a lot of water from the fountain . We then walked home and he fell asleep on the couch .	I left myself this morning with my new puppy called PERSON . PERSON was super excited to go his walk and he barked in delight . The beautiful sun warmed the both of us as we strolled down the street PERSON strutted like a happy puppy and he was very easy to control . After about an hour , PERSON was finally ready to go home and sleep .	PERSON woke up that morning to her dog , PERSON , licking her face . She got out of bed , ready to start her day with a brisk walk outside . PERSON wagged his tail as PERSON attached the leash and tied her shoes . They walked for about half an hour , enjoying the sights and smells . Afterwards , PERSON took a shower and PERSON was ready for a nap .	PERSON went out that morning to walk the dog . He was a very excitable labrador retriever . PERSON did not see the bunny until it was too late . Fido bounded after it , while she raced to keep up . She was finally able to slow him down , and make him stop chasing it .
PERSON 's new car	PERSON had finally had enough of his car always breaking down . He decided it was time for a new one . He went to many dealerships until he found the perfect car . PERSON fell in love the moment he laid eyes on the car . He bought himself a new LOCATION without hesitation .	PERSON decided to take her boyfriend car shopping with her . She wanted a tiny compact car . He thought she should get something a lot bigger . PERSON told him it needed to be fuel-efficient . PERSON finally picked a sedan , striking a compromise between the two .	PERSON got a promotion at work . The next day he bought a brand new car to celebrate . He bragged about the car and it 's features all day at work . On the way home PERSON ran a red light and crashed into another car . He was very mad at himself for being careless .	PERSON wanted to buy a new car . He looked online at local dealerships . PERSON found a car he really liked . He went to the dealership to test drive the car . The car was so perfect that he bought it .	Fred 's car had problems steering for a long time . He tried bringing it to a mechanic but it was of no use . Finally PERSON decided it was time for a new car . He bought a Ford and was very happy with it . Now PERSON 's car has no trouble steering .	Jared really likes the old Nissan hatchback cars . He decided to buy one from a junkyard . The car was in bad shape , but he used elbow grease to fix it up . The car got a new motor and a fresh coat of paint . Now it looks brand new and PERSON loves it .	PERSON needs a new car . He heads to his dealership to view all of the cars . After test driving a few cars he picks his new car . He gets the financing offer he wanted . PERSON drives home with his new car .	PERSON got a brand new car . He had purchased the car off of his neighbor . The car needed an oil change . PERSON took his car to the mechanic . After the oil change , his car ran like brand new .	PERSON had been saving for four long years . She finally had enough to comfortably buy her dream car . At the dealership , the salesman convinced her to upgrade even more . Once PERSON left with her new car , she realized she overspent . Luckily PERSON got a raise the next day and could now afford it .
the mouse	PERSON was making coffee in her kitchen late one night . Suddenly she heard something scurry by her . She searched the floor and discovered a mouse darting about . She shrieked and tried to chase it down to no avail . Instead , she set a few traps before returning to bed .	June and her toddler daughter were in the kitchen for breakfast . A large mouse strolled across the kitchen floor . June screamed and threw her spoon at the mouse . She took her daughter and ran from the house . She did not return until exterminators took care of the mouse .	PERSON was writing new music . She was a famous singer . She had a new album that was due out in a few months . When the album was released , the reviews were great . The album sold a million copies .	I went to the store today . While I was there I bought some gum . After chewing the gum and getting home I wanted to throw it away . I went and opened the trash can . Inside the can was a mouse on a sticky trap wiggling around .	PERSON was home alone with her son when she saw a horrible sight . In her kitchen there was a mouse ! She did n't know what to do without her husband there . She decided to get a bowl to trap the mouse underneath . The mouse stayed trapped under the bowl all day until her husband came	PERSON was at home sitting in his chair when he heard rustling . As he looked over he seen a mouse running into a hole . Since mice scared him he became frantic . He called his brother who helped him trap the mouse . They released the mouse in the woods and they were all happy again .	PERSON saw something scurry across her floor . It was a mouse ! She was terrified . She jumped onto the kitchen counter and screamed . Her husband came and killed the mouse .	PERSON had been working for twelve hours straight . Her hands were getting tired from typing and using her mouse . Her boyfriend brought her a gift . It was a new mouse ! It was large and easy to hold and made her hands feel better .	PERSON and PERSON bought a house . the first night they stayed there they kept hearing noises . They began to hear it more often as they were there longer . One day they hear it and got up to check it out . It was a cute little mouse so they trapped and killed it .
the job interview	PERSON was hoping to get hired for a new job . Today was her interview . She tried to give the best impression that she could . At home , she waited for a call . Luckily , they soon called and offered her a job .	PERSON was nervous . Today was her big interview . She walked into the office and sat down . She answered all the questions . She left the room feeling great , like she had nailed it .	PERSON had a job interview in three days . She was nervous and unprepared . PERSON decided to study for the interview . She practiced for nine hours every day . PERSON was now confident and she did great at the interview .	I was getting ready for a huge job interview . I tried putting on my tie . I could never get it right . I threw the tie out the window . I wore a clip on tie instead .	PERSON was excited about his job interview . He arrived early , waited with nervous anticipation . In the meeting , his potential new employer , PERSON , was brusque . Deflated , PERSON left , sure he had no chance but later , PERSON called . PERSON apologized , saying he had a toothache , and offered PERSON the job .	PERSON arrives at the job interview site . He greets the receptionist then meets the interviewer . PERSON informs the interviewer about his qualifications . The interviewer is extremely impressed . PERSON is hired on the spot for the brand new job .	I wanted a new job and decided to look online . I found out my favorite store was hiring . I filled out my application and crossed my fingers . A few hours later the manager called me in for an interview . I went to the interview and was hired immediately .	PERSON had just qualified as a social worker . She applied for a job she did n't think she would get . Within the week she was called in for interview . She was very nervous but answered all the questions that were asked . PERSON was over the moon when she got the job she had always wanted !	PERSON had an important interview . It was for her dream job ! She practiced her interview skills . She also polished up her resume . PERSON was so excited for her interview !
oil	PERSON drove his car across the country . He put a lot of miles on his car . One day he noticed the car was leaking oil . PERSON had to constantly feed the car oil to drive it . PERSON spent a lot of money on oil in order to drive the car .	PERSON had a beat up car . His car would n't start before work . PERSON decided to check the oil . He realized there was no oil ! PERSON added oil and now his car works !	PERSON wanted to cook a delicious dinner . But PERSON realized he had no cooking oil . So PERSON drove to the store . He found some cooking oil and bought it . PERSON cooked a very delicious meal that night .	My stepdad said never to visit on my motorcycle . I had just come to visit them . There was oil in the garage . My bike leaked oil . I parked my bike in his garage .	The car began to sputter . The driver stopped the car . He got out and examined it . The oil was out . He bought some more oil .	The man was cooking . He knocked over some oil . The oil fell on the floor . He did not notice . He slipped on the oil .	PERSON loved cooking . He used various types of oils for cooking . He did not know which one was the healthiest . He researched them all online . He learned olive oil was best and began mostly using olive oil .	PERSON had to pay for the oil The oil guy came to her house She scrambled to get the money but could n't find it . The oil guy waited for 2 hours . She found it in the end	PERSON needed new oil for his car . So he went to a car store and bought some . He put the oil in his car . His car ran better now that it had new oil . PERSON was glad .
the rock	An asteroid blazed across the sky . It fell to the ground with a soft shock . A man walked by and looked at it . The rock glowed with heat as he reached for it . The man felt the heat and back off until it was cool .	Today I threw a rock at a bird . I missed the bird entirely . I accidentally hit my dad 's window and it broke . My dad is going to be mad when he gets home . I hope my dad does not ground me for breaking the window .	PERSON was out hunting birds in the woods . He threw a rock at a bush he thought that contained birds . The birds flew away when the rock came after them . PERSON raised his gun at the birds . He fired twice and took out both birds .	PERSON was walking along the road . A rock flew towards her when a car drove by . It hit her in the head . She fell to the ground and started crying . A stranger stopped to help her .	I have always loved wrestling . There was a day , where my mom had bought tickets to a match . It was a match between PERSON PERSON and The Rock . PERSON PERSON won , with a suplex finisher move . However , I got to meet The Rock after the show .	PERSON was playing sports . He tripped on a big rock . He took the rock and put it in his pocket . He won the game easily ! He saved the lucky rock forever !	PERSON heard a loud crash . Someone had thrown a rock through his window ! He called the police . They took the rock for evidence . PERSON was very scared being home alone after that .	PERSON went on vacation with his family for a week . He was a little worried about his home . He lived in a bad neighborhood with a lot of crime . When PERSON came home his home was a mess . The cops had to fingerprint everything .	I bought a house with an ugly yard In the middle of the yard was a giant stone . I tried to move it but it was too heavy . He picked at the stone with a chisel . He carved the rock into a lion head and kept it .
the pizza	PERSON was cooking dinner . She made pizza dough from scratch . She spread the sauce on it . Then she added cheese and pepperoni . Her kids could n't wait to eat the homemade pizza !	PERSON was very picky . Her mom gave her pizza . PERSON picked all the vegetables off of it . Then she removed the cheese . PERSON would only eat the crust .	PERSON loved Italian food . Pizza was his favorite . He rolled out the dough . He added pepperoni and cheese . He loved to cook it on the grill .	It was a day like any other , except it was n't . PERSON was getting a pizza , double pepperoni . He was informed it would be thirty minutes . The pizza man had seen his face before . He noticed he was n't wearing any pants .	I was ordering pizza for the family the other day . We were going to split a big one . One person wanted pineapple . We all had a vote and that person lost . We got pepperoni instead and everyone else was happy .	PERSON hung up the phone . She 'd just ordered a pizza to her house . An hour later , the delivery man pulled up . He handed her a big , hot box . PERSON could n't wait to eat the whole pizza !	Frank and PERSON went to Pizza Hut and ordered a pizza . While they were waiting for the pizza , they got into an argument . PERSON said some things to PERSON that were really mean . When the pizza came , PERSON noticed a dead fly on Frank 's piece . She smiled sweetly and said nothing as he angrily ate the pizza .	PERSON was a pizza chef . He was great at throwing the crust high into the air . He would catch it and then throw it again . Then he would spread sauce and toppings on it . PERSON 's pizzas were the best .	The kids were eager for dinner to be ready . They were going to be eating pizza , their favorite ! The oven dinged and they ran to start eating . THey ate four whole pizzas on their own ! The next day , they asked for pizza again !
PERSON 's bad day	PERSON had a hard time getting out of bed . He put on his shirt backwards . He then proceeded to leave the house with two pairs of different shoes . He arrived to work late . His coworkers laughed at his misfortunes .	PERSON was always a husky boy . One day he befriended PERSON , a skinny boy . PERSON got picked on a lot at school . One day PERSON got fed up with it and beat up a kid bullying PERSON . The next day the police came and took PERSON away .	PERSON hates going to the grocery store . The creepy man always hits on her there . While checking out with her goods , he offers to help her to the car . She tells him no , but he follows anyway . PERSON gets a restraining order .	PERSON was driving down the road . She heard a noise coming from her truck . She got out to look at it . It was smoking everywhere . She was stranded for hours before help came .	PERSON had a sub-par performance review at work . It put a damper on her morning . She spilled coffee on her white shirt . Her work computer crashed . PERSON was ready for this day to be over .	PERSON is at school . PERSON is eating lunch . After finishing she takes her tray to the trash . While walking to take the tray she trips and falls . Embarrassed PERSON leaves school and goes home .	PERSON was at school . PERSON tore his pants in class . PERSON then spilled his food at lunch . PERSON failed a test later that day . PERSON just had a bad day .	Last week PERSON had a terrible day . She was late to work . Her boss yelled at her . She wanted to go home . When she got home her husband surprised her with flowers .	PERSON had always told her two eldest kids to be quiet in the morning . She had wanted to let the baby sleep . Unfortunately , her eleven year old decided to be loud . PERSON was stuck with a cranky baby all day because of this mistake . PERSON forced to threaten her kids with a grounding if it happened again .
fantasy football	PERSON 's boss and her co-workers were obsessed with fantasy football . Every day they spent hours trading team members and arguing . One day , they were very loudly debating when the CEO walked by . A few hours later , everyone had to attend a company wide meeting . The CEO reminded everyone not to spend company time frivolously .	PERSON joined a fantasy football league . He had never watched football before . Even though he was at a disadvantage , he started winning . He had a foolproof method of picking the best players and teams . Now a betting company is buying his method for 20 million dollars .	PERSON loved football . PERSON was invited to his friends house to play fantasy football . PERSON was excited cause this was his first time playing . PERSON drove to his friends house . They played all night and PERSON loved it .	PERSON was obsessed with fantasy football for three years . He played the game instead of spending time with his family . A month ago , he missed his daughter 's recital because he was playing . PERSON 's wife told him to choose between the game or his family . The first smart thing he did in three years was to quit that game .	Last year , PERSON finished dead last in his fantasy football league . He faced endless abuse from his friends as a result . Determined not to finish last again , PERSON studied every player . He conducted analyses and come draft time , was extremely prepared . Unfortunately , he finished last yet again .	I used to watch football because I liked it . Then I joined a fantasy football league . Now I watch football because I want to win . I literally catch myself hoping certain players will get hurt . Fantasy football has kind of ruined football for me .	PERSON takes Fantasy Football very seriously . To prepare , he listened to podcasts on the best player picks . He boasted to have taken part in over 1,000 mock drafts . When the season started , he was by far the most prepared . PERSON went undefeated and won our league easily .	We have a draft every year to pick our players . We often times meet up and are in the same room . It provides an opportunity for good bantering . My brother this year thought he had the best team . But he did n't and now he is in last place .	PERSON was playing fantasy football . He really wanted to beat his friends . There was money on the line . Unfortunately PERSON was horrible at it . He lost badly .
bored	PERSON was out of town at her uncle 's house . She was beyond bored . She texted all of her friends . They were n't replying quick enough . PERSON sat glassy eyed wanting , and waiting to leave .	PERSON was bored . So she decided to eat . She ate chocolate , candy , cookies , and milk . But she began to feel sick later . PERSON was no longer bored .	I was bored . So I turned on the TV . However , nothing was on . I told my wife . She made me wash the dishes .	The kids could n't find anything to do . THey were very bored ! Their mom told them to play outside . They all complained about the heat . They laid in the shade and talked .	PERSON was constantly bored at home . So she ended up overeating . She realized she had to find something to keep her busy . But she had no interests or hobbies . PERSON 's health became worse and worse until she had to go to therapy .	PERSON wanted to learn computer programming . So he decided to watch lecture videos about it . But they always made him fall asleep . He had little motivation to practice as well . And PERSON decided that programming was n't for him .	The kids did n't have anything to do . They were so bored ! They decided to play a game to entertain themselves . They went to the game cabinet and picked the most exciting game . They had fun for hours with it .	PERSON was bored as she waited for her pot of water to boil . To pass the time she played with her kitchen knives . PERSON threw her knife at the wall to make it stick . After a few throws she got better . By the time the water boiled she had deadly accuracy .	PERSON was very bored . He watched some tv and called his friend . Apparently there was a party . He went there but it was boring . He went back home .
thirsty	PERSON was so thirsty . He had no soda or juice ! He hurried to mix up some kool-aid . Then he drank it down greedily . It felt so great to quench his thirst !	PERSON went out with her parents for the day . When she got home , she saw that she 'd forgotten to give her dog water ! It was shady in the house , but still a hot summer day . PERSON was ashamed of forgetting something so important . She made a Post-It note to remind herself never to forget again .	PERSON was thirsty . So he grabbed a can of cola . The acid in the soda stripped his throat . That made him even more thirsty . PERSON learned to drink water instead .	The dog was thirsty . The man brought him water . The dog followed the man home . The man fed him . The dog never left the man 's side .	PERSON was very thirsty . He had just eaten a very salty meal ! But he found nothing in his fridge to drink . PERSON unhappily settled for tap water , but he got a shock . In his thirst , the tap water tasted more delicious than any pop could !	PERSON was playing tennis at a park . And after a few games , she became thirsty . She decided to drink water from a water fountain . But no matter how much she drank , she was still thirsty . PERSON thought the water tasted odd as well .	PERSON was thirsty from cleaning his house all day . He checked his fridge for water . PERSON did not find any . So PERSON walked to his local store and bought some water . At home PERSON drank water and it was delicious .	I was running outside . I got very sweaty . I did n't feel well . I drank a lot of water . It turns out I was just thirsty .	PERSON was very thirsty . But the only thing in the house to drink was water . PERSON had an idea . He squeezed lemon juice into the water . He then added sugar so he could enjoy tasty lemonade .
wrong order	PERSON was at a restaurant . His food came out late . PERSON realized it was n't what he ordered . It took him a while to flag down a waitress . When PERSON got it replaced his food was cold .	The Smiths were having a family dinner . After waiting for their meal they got the wrong one . The waitress was embarrassed and fixed the problem . She gave the Smiths free dessert to make up for it . The Smiths thanked her with a good tip .	PERSON ordered a pizza . The delivery guy took him the wrong one . It was better than what PERSON ordered . They let him keep it and gave him a coupon . PERSON was pleasantly surprised .	PERSON called to order a pizza . It was late to arrive . PERSON called to complain . When it got there it was the wrong order . PERSON never ordered from there again .	Drew stopped his car in front of the drive Thru window . The person on the intercom asked what he wanted to order . He ordered a chicken sandwich . When he moved towards the front window , the lady appeared . She gave him an ice cream .	PERSON was getting fast food . When they called his order he noticed it was wrong . PERSON noticed someone else got his food instead . He asked them if they would like to swap . They agreed and things were resolved .	My mom asked me what I wanted to eat . I told her that I wanted a hamburger with french fries . When she came home , she brought huge bag of groceries . When , I looked inside , here was only raw meat and vegetables . She changed her mind about fast food and decided to cook .	PERSON moved her car towards the pick-up window ? The cashier handed a bag to her . She looked into the bag to see if her order came out right . She only saw an ice cream cone in the bag . PERSON got furious and decided to walk into the store to argue .	PERSON asked his girlfriend to get him some food . He specifically told her what he wanted . When she got home the order was wrong . PERSON got really upset about it . They got into a huge fight and broke up soon after .
oil change	PERSON checked the oil in his car . It needed to be changed . PERSON decided to do it himself . He bought all the things necessary . In a few minutes PERSON got the job done .	PERSON needed the oil changed in his car . He figured he would do it himself . He was going to go to the store to buy oil . It was really cold out and he did n't have a garage . He drove to Wal-Mart to have them change the oil for him instead .	The oil light had been on for three weeks . PERSON was still driving it to work everyday . This time the engine began to sputter and cease . Gray smoke started coming out of the tailpipe . She felt foolish and began to cry .	PERSON owns a SUV . PERSON is lazy about getting regular oil changes . The oil light came on while she was driving to LOCATION . The mechanic told her she was lucky that the engine was not ruined . PERSON never missed another oil change after that .	PERSON decided to change his own oil . He figured he would save a couple of bucks . After an hour of work and a big mess he still had to clean up . He decided after cleaning up that it was n't worth it . Next time he just took it somewhere else with a coupon .	PERSON drained the oil out of his truck . He accidentally kicked the drain tray . Oil got all over his boots . Clay slipped on the wet pavement latter with his oily boots . Clay brook his arm in the fall .	PERSON parked his car in the driveway to change his motor oil . He got the jack and proceeded to lift the car so he could get under . He removed the drain plug and filter , letting the oil drain out . After draining , he got the new filter and put on the plug and filter . He started the car up and drove to the shop to recycle the oil .	PERSON got his oil changed . On the way home smoke started to come out of the engine . He called a tow truck . They took it back to the garage he had just left . The mechanic took the old oil out but forgot to put new oil in .	PERSON decided to do his own oil change to save money . He bought the oil and filter . But then he realized that he needed an oil pan and ratchet . He ended up spending much more than he 'd planned ! PERSON wished he had just gone to the shop for an oil change .
the flowers	PERSON received flowers on Valentine 's day . She did n't know who sent them , since they were n't from her husband . Later that day , her husband saw them and got upset . He suspected her of cheating . They got into an argument and did n't talk the rest of the night .	PERSON was having a terrible day . Her husband talked to her on the phone and thought she sounded upset . He bought her a huge bouquet of roses . PERSON 's face lit up . Her mood was suddenly changed !	PERSON knew his mother like flowers . On his way home from school he seen a field of flowers . He picked a handful . When he got home he gave to his mom . She smiled and gave him a pat on the head .	PERSON loved pretty things . Flowers were her favorite . She picked a bouquet of them from her garden . She put them in a vase and smelled them . They were the prettiest she had ever had !	Jasmine saw a delivery man walk up her front steps . He had flowers for her ! She did n't know who they could be from . There was no card . Jasmine was very perplexed !	PERSON picked out a vase . She had a big bouquet of flowers to put in it . She set them on the kitchen counter . It was wonderful to have fresh flowers in her home ! PERSON stopped to sniff them as she walked by .	The florist was hard at work . She was making a beautiful arrangement . The flowers were all fresh and beautiful . The arrangement was placed in a gorgeous vase . The bride cried when she saw the amazing work .	I was going to get my girlfriend some flowers . I saw a great assortment in the store window . Unfortunately it was 80 dollars . I picked some flowers from the garden by the store . My girlfriend said they were beautiful .	PERSON enjoyed breezy , summer days . She would go outside during the nice weather . While outside , she would go for walks and pick flowers . Arriving home , PERSON would put the flowers in a nice vase . This allowed her to smell the wonderful scents all week long !
cookies	PERSON wanted to make cookies . She walked to the store and bought a bag of cookie mix . Her parents , and siblings were n't at the house . PERSON took the cookies from the oven and waited for them to cool . She had eaten half the cookies before her siblings returned home .	PERSON loved Chocolate Chip cookies . Her grandmother made them all the time , but her mother did n't bake . When she was visiting her grandma she asked her how to make them . She took careful notes as her grandma showed her how to make them . PERSON was excited to try the cookie recipe on her own at home .	It was raining outside that 's why i ca n't go anywhere . There is no good movie to watch so i just eat whatever i want . When i get bored , i decided to bake some cookies . I was satisfied with the taste that 's why i baked more . I gave few to our neighbor and the rest i gave it to my friends .	Today I tried to make a new cookie recipe . The recipe was given to me by my grandmother . My grandmother and I used to make cookies together all the time . The cookies came out just like I remember . The smell of the cookies reminded me of my childhood .	PERSON wanted to be a successful model . Once at the supermarket , she bought a brand of cookies . She realized she loved these cookies and ate more and more . PERSON eventually got fat . Her hopes of being a model were ruined .	PERSON wanted to make some cookies . However , she forgot the butter . She decided to make them without it . She used all the rest of the ingredients . They did not taste good .	Ally wanted to make cookies . She looked up a recipe online . She followed the instructions carefully . When they were finishes , they tasted terrible ! She discovered she forgot the sugar .	There was a ten month old baby named PERSON who loves teething cookies . Sometimes PERSON liked to hide his cookies in many different places . One day PERSON 's mom saw him digging around his car seat . Apparently PERSON was hiding cookies in his car seat to eat later . His mother called him a silly little boy and hugged him tight .	PERSON wanted a sweet treat . Her grandma suggested they make cookies . PERSON was excited because she loved cooking with grandma . The cookies were great . The time spent with grandma was better .
easter egg hunt	PERSON had a plan to get the most Easter eggs . The other kids started to grab the first eggs they saw . PERSON ran to the back of the lawn where no one had gotten to . He loaded up on the eggs there . He won the grand prize , a huge chocolate rabbit !	PERSON was planning a special event for her 1st grade students . PERSON decided she would hold a Easter Egg Hunt for her students . In addition , PERSON would have music played at the Easter Egg Hunt . After planning , PERSON told her students about her Easter Egg Hunt . PERSON was delighted to see the excitement on her student 's face .	PERSON takes her kids to an Easter Egg Hunt . They have bouncy houses and free donuts . The kids find lots of eggs . When they get home they open the eggs and find candy . The kids eat all of the candy .	PERSON was at an Easter party . Soon the egg hunt was announced . She set off with the other kids , looking for eggs . She collected ten eggs in her basket . PERSON won the Easter Egg Hunt !	PERSON strolled out of the house with a straw basket . She picked her Easter eggs one by one . She preferred the yellow looking ones and picked those first . She then picked the blue , the pink and the red ones . At the end , her basket was full of colorful eggs .	The johnstons were excited for Easter . Every Easter they have a family Easter egg hunt . The family gets together and hunts for eggs in the backyard . This year they painted the eggs red and yellow . It ended up taking the kids two hours to find all the eggs .	PERSON 's church was having their annual Easter Egg hunt . He was determined to find the most eggs this year . When the buzzer sounded , he took off for the back of the field . All the other kids were looking close to the starting area . He found 27 eggs today , the most by far of any child !	One day the Thack family had an Easter egg hunt . Eggs were hidden all over the house and yard . Whoever got the most eggs would win a prize . PERSON got the most eggs . She won a king sized chocolate bar !	PERSON was going on her first Easter Egg hunt . There were dozens of children lined up , ready to go . While the other kids grabbed the close up eggs , PERSON ran to the back . She was able to pick up over 20 eggs before the other kids got there . She felt very pleased with herself .
guitar lessons	I 've always wanted to learn how to play the guitar . My dad gave me his old guitar but it just sits in my room . I asked a buddy of mine to give me private lessons . He spent all summer teaching me how to play . Now I 'm just as good as he is at playing !	PERSON wanted to learn how to play guitar to impress PERSON . PERSON saved up his money so he could take lessons . When he had enough money saved , PERSON scheduled some lessons . PERSON practiced really hard and now he knows how to play guitar . PERSON played his guitar for PERSON , and she was really impressed .	PERSON was very interested in guitar lessons . She looked online for studios or individuals offering classes . She weighed the options and decided to go with Falcetti Music . PERSON went through a few weeks of classes . Her skills are becoming better and better .	PERSON wanted to learn guitar . He headed to the nearest music shop . PERSON asked some advice from one of the employees . He found the perfect guitar for himself . PERSON now takes guitar lessons three times a week .	I do not know how to play guitar . I signed up to take some lessons . After my first lesson , I realized I was not meant to play guitar . I sold the guitar to a friend . Tomorrow I will sign up for drum lessons .	PERSON was looking for a way to make extra money in the summer . He was a teacher so he had summer 's free . He was very good at playing the guitar so he decided to give lessons . He advertised himself on Facebook and Twitter and got clients . He taught nine people to play the guitar and made a thousand dollars .	PERSON was learning to play the guitar . His roommate saw his guitar in the corner . PERSON 's roommate was a pretty good guitar player . He offered to help PERSON play the guitar . PERSON 's roommate started giving him lessons .	PERSON was interested in learning a new hobby . He decided to learn how to play the guitar . He immediately purchased a black guitar and hired an instructor . The instructor taught him all the basic chords . PERSON used them to learn to play his favorite song .	PERSON does n't know how to play the guitar . She asked her dad to take her to guitar class . Her dad agreed and started taking her to guitar class . PERSON has been taking the class for over a year now . PERSON has become very good at playing the guitar .
the ring	Sue 's mom gave her a ring for her birthday . Sue wore that ring everyday . She took it off one day to wash her hands . While washing her hands , it fell down the drain . Sue could not catch it and it was gone forever .	PERSON bought a ring for his girlfriend PERSON . He wrapped the small box with a beautiful gold bow . He took PERSON on a hot air balloon ride . They flew over a large sign asking if she would marry PERSON . PERSON was excited to tell everyone her romantic engagement story .	Jasmine opened the small box . Her husband had given her a new ring ! It had a huge diamond in the center . She slipped it on and smiled . She thanked her husband with a kiss .	PERSON wanted a diamond ring . PERSON recently lost his job and could not find another . One day , PERSON walked past the jewelry and had an idea . PERSON decided to rob the jewelry store . PERSON got his ring but is now a wanted felon !	PERSON loved jewelry . Her husband bought her a beautiful new ring . It had a giant ruby on it . PERSON felt so fancy when she wore it . She just loved the way jewelry sparkled !	I found this beautiful ring on the beach . I knew someone must have been upset that they lost it . I put an ad in the paper . I reported it to the police . I hope someone calls for it .	PERSON needed to find his old school ring . He looked for it in every room in the house . He just could n't understand where he 'd last had it . Then he remembered he 'd taken it into town for re-sizing . He called the store he 'd taken it to and , by golly , they had the ring .	The day was finally here . PERSON was nervous . He was going to ask his girlfriend to marry him . He got down on one knee . She said yes !	PERSON bought his girl a ring . The ring was too big . He exchanged it for another one . This ring was too small . She told him to sell the ring because she already knew he loved her .
table	PERSON 's kids hated coming inside to eat lunch . He thought they would like a picnic table so they could eat outside PERSON bought the lumber and screws to build them a special table . His drill was out of batteries ! PERSON used a hammer and nails instead , and the kids loved eating out .	There was lots of stuff on the table . I needed to eat my lunch . I took the stuff the table . I put my bowl on the table . I was able to eat my lunch .	PERSON had a very big table . He would use it everyday . One day , the table broke a leg . Then , PERSON had to rush to the store and get it fixed . Now , PERSON is able to eat on his table .	PERSON worked from home . He realized his home office was not a great working space . He decided to buy a new table . He bought a table . The table improved his home office .	PERSON found a great table at a garage sale . But one of the legs was wobbly . It was slightly shorter than the other legs . PERSON was able to secure an inch of wood to even out the legs . She was proud of her handy craftsmanship !	The boy sat at the table . He was expecting food . His mom saw him sitting there . She ignored him . The boy made his own food .	PERSON was upset that her family could not eat at her small table . She searched stores but could not find one she could afford . PERSON then went to the hardware store and purchased supplies . Upon returning home she turned the supplies into her dream table . PERSON was proud when her family gathered around her table .	PERSON loved woodworking . He went to the local store and bought some wood . He brought it home and started making a table . It came out really well and PERSON was pleased . He used the table in his dining room for the rest of his life .	The woman set the table . There were four places set . More guests came for dinner than expected . She did not have enough clean place settings . She had to clean some more utensils .
speech	The man blew the whistle . The team got quiet . The man gave a speech . The team felt excited . The team chanted in approval for the coach .	PERSON had to make a speech in front of her whole school . She was very nervous . She hated public speaking ! But she rehearsed a lot and did her best . PERSON ended up giving a great speech !	PERSON was having some issues with certain sounds . His teacher contacted his parents to let them know . The school go to the speech pathologist involved . She observed PERSON and found he did have a speech problem . She worked to get speech services in place .	PERSON was asked to give a speech at his local college . PERSON spent many hours preparing the speech . He asked his friends to listen to him practice . On the day of the speech , PERSON forgot many lines . PERSON decided to avoid giving speeches in the future .	PERSON had to do a speech for a college class . She was terrified of public speaking . When she finally had to do the speech , she accidentally misspoke . The class laughed with her good naturedly . After the speech , she realized even messing up was n't so bad .	PERSON has a speech to deliver to her class tomorrow . She was feeling nervous and did n't know what she would wear . PERSON went to the mall and picked out a dress to wear to class . She felt confident about herself and her presentation . PERSON got a good grade on her presentation and was thrilled .	PERSON was giving a speech at the rotary club . He invited his children to come listen to him . They showed up on time and gave him encouraging hugs . Then they attentively listened to PERSON 's speech . Afterwards , they told him how much they had enjoyed it !	PERSON wanted to give a speech to his entire company . He hired a speech writer . He rehearsed for weeks . He gave a great speech . His colleagues , subordinates , and managers enjoyed the speech .	The man gave a speech . He got very nervous . He forgot to say some of the speech . The message was not clear . The crowd gave the speech bad reviews .
extra money	PERSON needed extra money . She liked to write so she tried freelancing online . At first she was getting a lot of jobs . However , more people started doing it . This caused the jobs for PERSON to decrease .	PERSON was looking for some money for extra luxuries . She sold some of the clutter in her house for a little money . She needed to find a source of more income . She remembered her aunt 's old and ugly - but gold - jewelry . She took the gold to a gold dealer and got a large check .	PERSON worked in the oil field which was in decline . He needed a way to make extra money . He asked his friends for help . PERSON suggested a site which had helped her . PERSON found a new job there and makes extra money .	PERSON wanted to earn extra money to help pay for her vacation . She began earning money by becoming a tutor for high school English . The work was very rewarding and she enjoyed being around kids . She tutored high school kids for a month . With the money she made she was able to finally afford her vacation .	PERSON wanted to find a way to earn extra money . Her cousin worked at the bowling alley . She said they were always short a few people . PERSON applied to work at the bowling alley . She started working with her cousin .	I was looking for a second job . My friend asked if I could paint his house . I told him I would for one hundred dollars . He agreed and gave me the money in advance . I took the money and paid someone 50 dollars to paint his house .	PERSON was not making enough money to support his family . He was always behind on bills . He discovered MTurk , online . He worked for hours everyday , to make extra money . He now has extra money each month .	PERSON was a college student . He did not have a lot of money since he was swarmed with school work . PERSON realized he needed to do something about this . He went to thrift shops and resold what he found online . Soon enough , PERSON was able to make the money he needed .	The holidays were coming up . PERSON knew he would need more money . He worked extra hours at work . He was able to save up and get everyone gifts . PERSON 's family really appreciated his effort .
shirt	The man put on his shirt . It ripped in the armpit . He asked his wife to fix it . His wife could not fix it . He threw away the shirt .	The man put on his shirt . He buttoned it up . His wife laughed at him . He had buttoned it incorrectly . He buttoned it the right way .	My chorus teacher gave me the shirt . We had to have a certain short for choir . My orthodontist 's son had the shirt . I called and left her a message . Her son brought it to my school .	The man put on an old shirt . It was his cleaning shirt . He scrubbed the whole house . His shirt got filthy . He threw his cleaning shirt away .	The woman took off her shirt . Her window was open . She saw someone watching . She stared at the person watching . The person looked away .	I lost my best shirt and was sad . My girlfriend got tired of my just moping around . She grabbed me by the arm and took me into the basement . She stood me by the furnace and faced me toward the wall rack . And there it was , my shirt in all its glory .	I had a shirt on . I was playing outside with my friends . I fell in a puddle of mud . My shirt got very dirty . I had to change into another shirt .	PERSON spilled juice on his shirt . The stain looked really bad . His wife poured bleach on it . He put it in the washer . It came out good as new !	PERSON had a favorite shirt . One day a wine glass spilled near PERSON . Wine got all over his favorite shirt . He went to the store and bought a new shirt . He was happy with his new shirt .
bus	PERSON was starting first grade at a new school . She would have to take the bus . She was very nervous ! But then she met the kind driver and aide . They helped eased her nerves .	PERSON was late to catch her bus . She saw it around the corner and run after it . The driver did n't stop . PERSON threw her hands in the air in defeat . And the driver seeing her despair , stopped the bus to let her in .	PERSON was worried that he could n't get home to see his family . Because he had so little money he knew he could n't fly . Someone suggested he take a bus so he looked into it . He found out the bus was half the cost of an airplane ! Though it took a little longer , he could go see his family on the bus .	She did n't want to ride the bus . She was too late to walk home . She waited until he arrived . She boarded the bus . She sat in the very back .	The girl woke up late . She got dressed fast . The bus was here . She ran down the steps . By the time she got to the door the bus left .	PERSON had to get to work . His car broke down . He took the bus there . The bus broke down too . He ended up calling his work place that he ca n't come .	I woke up late for school this morning . I brushed my teeth and hair and ran out to the bus stop . As I rounded the block corner , I saw the bus driving away . I started to walk to school . I was twenty minutes late and had to serve a detention .	The school bus drove by my house . I left to go to the store . I got stuck behind the school bus . The bus was very slow . It took me awhile to get to the store .	PERSON rode the bus to work each day . On one of these rides , the bus seemed to picked up a lot of speed . The driver had had a heart attack and his foot was on the pedal . PERSON rushed down and pulled the driver out . He stopped the bus just before it went in the river .
change of plans	PERSON made plans with PERSON to watch a movie on Friday . As soon as he approached the theater , he waited for her . A few hours have passed and she still did n't show up . While building up frustration , PERSON left and visited another friend . They spent the rest of the day playing basketball .	PERSON and PERSON wanted to celebrate their sixth anniversary together . They scheduled a babysitter for their twins . They made reservations for a nice restaurant . They got dressed and ready to go out . One of the kids threw up so they had to stay home .	PERSON planned to spend the day at the beach with her friends . On the way , she got a flat tire on the interstate . A man pulled over to help her change the tire . He was an old friend of hers and afterwards they had lunch . PERSON still had a great day despite her flat tire .	PERSON was looking forward to going to the lake today . However , she saw that it was going to rainy today . Upset , she thought about other things she could do today instead . She called a few of her friends and asked them to come over . PERSON and her friends spent the rest of the day watching movies .	PERSON needs to buy craft supplies to finish a project . She goes to the craft store and picks out her supplies . She stands in line to pay for her items . As she is waiting , a friend steps up behind her in line . She decides lunch with a friend sounds more fun than crafting today .	PERSON invited his friends to his house on Friday . When Friday arrived , PERSON totally forgot about his plans . However , he decided to go out to eat . His friends called him since they could n't get into the house . PERSON ignored the messages since he totally forgot about his plans .	I tuned in to watch some television shows . However , there were no interesting channels on . Instead of waiting for a good channel to come , I took off the TV . I tried to exercise in the gym . A few friends came and we had a good time .	The family planned to have a sleepover by my house . However , my rude friend volunteered to show up as well . While she went to use the bathroom , my family got together . They agreed to have the sleepover at another house . My friend did n't hear their plan and ended up by my house .	One of my friends used to be an illegal immigrant in the LOCATION . Upon returning from his first international trip , he was deported . He was sent to LOCATION where he had lived formally for a few years . He did n't realize it but this was good for him in a few ways . He eventually found a job he loved in his new home .
PERSON 's crush	PERSON really wanted to impress PERSON . He had a big crush on her . He went to PERSON 's house with his guitar . He played love songs on his guitar . PERSON told PERSON to go home .	PERSON had a crush on a boy name PERSON . PERSON decided to ask PERSON out one day after school . PERSON told her that he was n't interested . PERSON went home and cried . PERSON felt better when she realized that PERSON was gay the next day .	PERSON had a crush on PERSON . She found out that PERSON liked blonde hair . PERSON decided to dye her hair to entice PERSON . PERSON dyed her hair herself , but it came out orange . PERSON thought PERSON 's hair looked hideous .	PERSON had a crush on PERSON . PERSON was too shy to talk to her . One day he decided to ask her out . She said that she would love to go out ! PERSON and PERSON have been dating ever since .	PERSON has a crush on PERSON . He puts notes in her locker every day . PERSON writes notes back . Today , PERSON is going to tell her he likes her . He hopes she feels the same way .	PERSON has had a crush on PERSON since the first grade . He suffered in silence throughout their public education careers . PERSON had long since given up hope that anything could happen . In the final week of senior year , PERSON asked PERSON out . PERSON politely declined , and PERSON 's heart was broken .	PERSON was trying to impress a girl . Unfortunately for him , all of his attempts had fallen flat . Finally PERSON introduced himself to her . She was impressed with his boldness . PERSON was able to ask the girl out on a date .	PERSON has a crush on his neighbor . She walks out to her car and he runs over . They converse about the weather when PERSON asks her to dinner . She 's taken aback because she has a husband . PERSON leaves disappointed .	PERSON developed a crush on the new girl in school . He gathered up the courage to talk to her . PERSON was terribly nervous . He quickly realized that she was amazing . PERSON asked her out on a date .
