the fight	PERSON was so angry . She called her friend and started to yell at her . The friend yelled back . They were both angry at what the other had said about them . They screamed for an hour and then PERSON slammed down the phone .	PERSON was very angry with her friend . She had spread rumors about PERSON . PERSON confronted her and yelled at her . They screamed at each other in the school hallway . A teacher broke it fight up .	PERSON had a bad night . His girlfriend came home and started to fight with him . He tried to avoid it , but she would not stop . They fought for hours . He finally just left .	The boxers were in the ring . The bell dinged and they walked out towards each other . They began trading blows . The boxers went back and forth until one of them left his guard down . The other boxer took advantage and with a swift cross knocked him out .	I always thought I was a good fighter , until I had one . I was in the seventh grade and PERSON was the class bully . In a game of football I knocked PERSON down . He stood up and then punched me in the eye . My eye swelled , turned black and I did n't have the courage to punch .	My wife and I got into an argument over dinner . She said I insulted her cooking abilities . I thought I was trying to be constructive . Either way I had to sleep on the couch . But I refuse to apologize for it having too much salt .	PERSON and PERSON went on a walk . PERSON and PERSON both liked PERSON . When PERSON joined them on the walk , the boys got into a fight . Someone called the police to break the fight up . Their parents were so mad when the police brought them home .	The two boys met in the parking lot to have a fist fight . They started shoving each other . They shouted insults , too . Neither one of them could get the nerve to throw a punch . So , they both just ran home .	PERSON was being bullied by a girl at school . One day on the bus the girl hit PERSON . PERSON hit the girl back and a fight broke out . The bus driver pulled over and broke them up . It was the last time the girl picked on PERSON .
fishing	PERSON was going to the pier . He was going fishing . He cast out his line and waited . After a while he got a bite . He yanked on the line and caught a huge fish .	PERSON has never fished before . His friend , PERSON , offered to teach him . PERSON and PERSON set sail from PERSON 's boat on Saturday . PERSON spent all evening learning fishing . They manage to catch two twenty pound bass !	PERSON loves to eat fish . He decided he would catch his own . PERSON bought a pole and a bucket of minnows . He went fishing and caught 12 bass . He cooked them and ate the delicious meats .	PERSON loves taking his son fishing . He is only two years old but PERSON thinks he likes going . Usually they use the pond behind their home . PERSON never keeps the fish he keeps . He really just likes catching and releasing the fish .	I needed to catch some fish for food storage for winter . I went fishing everyday but caught nothing . It was getting closer and closer to winter . I decided to change bait to see if it worked . I finally caught a large amount of fish for the winter with the bait .	PERSON went fishing with her dad . They sat in their boat and talked all day . At the end of the day , PERSON had caught nothing . Neither had her dad ! Still , they both agreed it had been a great day .	It was going to be the boy 's first time fishing . He put his rod and reel in his dad 's truck and climbed in . His dad drove them down to the river . His dad showed him how to cast his line . He had a great day with his father .	PERSON loved to go fishing every single day . He enjoyed it so much he went with his friends . After a while , he became the best . One day , he caught a very big fish . Then , he was on TV for finding the biggest fish .	Sue liked to fish . She did n't like to bait her pole though . She was afraid of worms . So her dad bought her fake bait . Sue did n't mind baiting her hook anymore .
the test	I had to take a test today . I studied very hard . I took my test very fast . I completed my test . I made a good grade on my test .	PERSON arrived at the DMV for her road test . The instructor led her around the course . Along the way she failed every test . The instructor felt bad so he let her try again . In her second run she managed to fail only half .	PERSON was writing as fast as he could . The test was a lot longer than he expected . He had studied all term and wanted to get as much in as he could . Later that week he received the highest results in his class . His parents took him out to dinner to celebrate .	PERSON was worried about his English grade . He spent extra time practicing his writing . PERSON studied from his English text . When the next exam came , PERSON was ready . PERSON passed the course with ease .	PERSON had a test on Friday . She did not want to study . PERSON finally started studying on Thursday evening . She studied all through the night . PERSON did not pass her exam .	I was told I should make my movement more real . I was at the stomach . We were lifeguard training . My instructor was pretending to be the victim . He was swimming in the water before that .	PERSON had a math test at school . He was stressed because he had n't studied . The time came and he did his best . The next day he found out he got a PERSON PERSON was relieved and promised himself never to do that again .	PERSON was taking high school Algebra . The teacher announced that there would be a test on Friday . PERSON studied the material every afternoon . On Friday , PERSON took the test . PERSON made an A on the test .	A professor gave a test so hard that even he would fail it . The students created very elaborate ways to cheat to pass this . The professor used this test to fail everyone in the class . The next day there was only one student left in the class . The professor commended the student on being the best cheater .
the wedding	PERSON was so happy . Today was her wedding day . She walked down the aisle . She saw her soon to be husband standing there . They both said I do .	PERSON was planning a wedding . She booked an expensive wedding photographer . She ended up spending a lot of money on other services . She could not afford to pay the photographer . She got her friend to photograph the wedding for free .	PERSON was at a friend 's wedding . He was getting old and still a bachelor . He was watching all the people , especially the couples . He thought to himself , when will my time come ? Looking at the people , he started to feel even more alone .	PERSON and PERSON had been engaged for a year . Their big day had arrived . All of their planning failed , however . A tornado blew through town as the ceremony started . The reception was cancelled .	My cousin was getting married to her boyfriend . At the ceremony he did n't show up . Everyone was worried he had gotten cold feet . Instead , his car and his cell phone had died ! They got married two hours later than they were supposed to .	My best friend was getting married . I needed to get a tuxedo . I went to the most expensive store in the mall . They fitted me with a wonderful tuxedo . My friend got mad because I looked better than him during the wedding .	The day of PERSON 's wedding had finally come . She could not contain her excitement . All her bridesmaids helped her into her dress . She was ready to walk down the aisle ! Everyone in the church were stunned by her beauty .	PERSON and PERSON had been looking forward to this for so long . Their big day was finally here . Everyone they loved were all seated in the church . When PERSON walked down the aisle PERSON cried . She was so beautiful .	PERSON was getting married . She rushed around and planned all the wedding details . When it was all planned , she sat back and enjoyed the fun of it all . She had a great time at her shower . SHe could n't wait to walk down the aisle !
smoothie	Tabby wanted to make a banana strawberry smoothie . She mixed all the ingredients together in a blender . She pressed the on button . She forgot to close the lid and juice sprayed everywhere ! She cleaned up the mess and drank a soda instead .	PERSON wanted a smoothie . But he was n't allowed to have much sugar . So he tried adding oats , water , and protein powder in a blender . And it was n't that bad . And he enjoyed his cool , sugarless oat smoothie .	Will was trying to be healthier . So he had an apple , banana , and mango smoothie everyday for breakfast . But he later found out about its high sugar content . So he felt regretful about having the smoothie everyday . Will decided to only have the smoothie a few times a week .	PERSON valued his health very much . For his meals he would frequently prepare smoothies . He carefully sourced the healthiest ingredients . He loved his smoothies . He felt better after consuming them .	PERSON decided to make a smoothie . She put frozen strawberries , a banana and yogurt into a blender . When she flipped the switch to on , nothing happened . She checked the blender and noticed it was n't plugged in . She plugged in the blender and successfully blended her drink .	My wife buys six bananas at a time . She vows to eat them but never eats more than three . The others get brown and dumped . Last week I bought a blender and made smoothies . Now we use up all of the bananas .	PERSON decided to go to the gym for exercise . He exercised very intensely . On the drive home he felt famished . He knew he could not comfortably drive all of the way home . He stopped along the way to purchase a smoothie .	PERSON loves smoothies . He buys one from the shop every day . The shop did not have his favorite flavor today . This made him very sad . He bought another flavor instead .	PERSON was chubby and wanted to lose weight . But she loved her daily milkshake and dreaded giving it up . Then her mom showed her how to blend fruit , yogurt , milk and ice . PERSON tasted the concoction and found it delicious . In fact , she enjoyed fruit smoothies even more than ice cream shakes !
bad food	PERSON was walking home from school . And he was very hungry . He saw a McDonald 's and reluctantly went inside . He ordered a burger and a chocolate shake . But afterwards , he struggled to keep walking .	PERSON was asked out on a date by PERSON . The two of them went to a local restaurant . When they got there they started eating . PERSON hated the food . It was nearly inedible .	The server gave me my food . I immediately took a bite out of it . A few seconds later , I threw up on the table . When I looked into the food , I found out that it was raw . The manager gave me a refund .	PERSON and PERSON went to a Thai restaurant . Their food came very late . And it was cold . Both of them complained . And they got a refund .	I ordered a quesadilla on the island for dinner . I thought it would be delicious . It ended up being gross . I could n't finish it . So I decided to give it to the dog .	PERSON went on a date with PERSON . She was excited to go out with him . But the food was terrible . PERSON was not impressed . She never wanted to eat there again .	I was looking forward to going to a restaurant recommended by friends . My friends told me that you have to try the fish . My husband and I both ordered the fish and got ill . The diagnosis in the emergency room was food poisoning . We reported the restaurant to the health department .	PERSON was eating oatmeal for breakfast . But he noticed that it was giving him a headache . He did n't want to waste the oatmeal though . So he tried to finish as much as he could . But afterwards , his head ached for hours .	A new restaurant opened up next door . I went there for lunch . I ordered the fish sandwich . After lunch , I was sick ! I decided not to go back to that restaurant .
date	PERSON was infatuated . She 'd met a man in a department store . He shared her love for clothes . One day she asked him out on a date . Only to find out he was predictably gay .	PERSON had a date with his girlfriend . When it was time to go he could n't find his phone . He decided he should call her and tell her he was running late . Suddenly he realized he needed his phone for that . PERSON did n't know what to do .	PERSON was on a date . he was very nervous about it . He booked a table and started waiting . 30 minutes in and she still has not showed up . He got stood up .	PERSON asked PERSON on a date . At first she said no . But then she realized that she thought PERSON was cute ! She told PERSON she had changed her mind . PERSON was so happy to hear her news !	PERSON and PERSON went on a date . PERSON bought PERSON a fancy dinner . PERSON wanted PERSON to go home with him afterwards . PERSON did not want to go home with PERSON . PERSON went home by himself .	PERSON had no date for prom , which was 3 days away . His cousin PERSON agreed to go with him . At first PERSON was ashamed , but PERSON understood . She promised to pretend she was PERSON 's girlfriend all night . At the prom , everyone was impressed by PERSON 's pretty date !	PERSON was best friends with PERSON . PERSON started dating a man of a different race . PERSON 's friend PERSON stopped taking her phone calls . PERSON was so hurt to find out that her friend was racist . PERSON continued to date the man anyway .	PERSON went on a date . He forgot his wallet . His date did n't care . She suggested they dine and dash . PERSON fell in love .	PERSON really liked PERSON , the girl in his science class . He resolved to ask PERSON for a date . He steeled his nerves and caught PERSON after class . Then he stammered his proposal for a date that weekend . To his joy and shock , PERSON smilingly accepted his offer !
family	He hated Thanksgiving . His more successful relatives were sure to bring up his retail job . The worst was his brother with the great career . His shoulders were at his ears as his brother entered the room . His brother despairingly told the family he 'd just been fired .	PERSON loved his family . They were very nice to him and never made him sad . One day , he had to go to another country . When he went on the airplane , he missed his family . After the trip , PERSON was very happy when he saw his family .	PERSON had a rough upbringing and not much family . When she married PERSON , she was surprised by his family . They gathered for holidays and everyone got along ! But before long , PERSON was welcomed into their fold gladly . She was happy to finally know what real family meant !	PERSON 's mom was visiting from LOCATION . They went to PERSON 's favorite restaurant . They talked for hours without realizing the time . They had talked passed closing time ! PERSON tipped the waitress generously .	The family dog was over twelve years old . He was slowing down , but still seemed to enjoy his family . People kept asking what the family was going to do with the dog . The family did not want to have to make the decision . One day the dog fortunately made the decision for them .	I bought a foreclosed house for me and my wife . The mortgage is very easy to pay and we are able to save a lot . It needed a little work but my dad helped me fix it up quick . Our plan is to sell it in about four Year 's . We will have a baby or two and want a bigger house .	Rose lives in an orphanage . She had always wanted to be adopted by a loving family . She had waited for ten Year 's . Then one day she got the call . A lovely family wanted her .	PERSON moved to LOCATION last year but was now returning for a visit . He was close to his family and had not seen them in over a year . He knew he would enjoy being back home . He was worried about one thing , though . After being home again , he knew that leaving again would not be easy .	PERSON decided to learn more about her family 's history . She asked her grandmother several questions about it . She was happy to tell her . PERSON and her grandmother talked for several hours . She felt great to learn more about her grandmother 's life .
overtime	PERSON worked overtime for the past week . She was hoping to come home to dinner and a clean house . Unfortunately that did not happen . Her husband had gone out with his friends . PERSON was extremely annoyed .	PERSON 's boss asked her to stay over . PERSON did n't want to . Grudgingly , she accepted . When she got her check the next week , she grinned . PERSON decided she was glad she 'd stayed over after all !	PERSON has worked for UPS his entire life . He needs to make more money but does n't know how . He works forty hours a week but it 's not enough . But this week UPS announced that all overtime will be approved ! Now Karl can work overtime which pays more every week !	PERSON was working hard at his job . However he really wanted to work some overtime hours . It was taking to long to get them so he got a second job . When his boss found out about the other job he got jealous . He gave PERSON all the overtime hours he needed .	Things did n't go as planned at work today . The production lines were down because of a broken conveyor belt . This put us behind schedule by four hours ! Looks like I 'll be working this Saturday after all . At least I 'll be getting some overtime !	PERSON is being overworked at work . He is putting in over fifty hours a week . He talked to his boss and asked to be switched to part time . His boss countered offered with thirty five hours a week . PERSON accepted the offer and was happy .	PERSON just got back from work . He was really tired from such a busy day . He was about to watch TV when his boss called him . He had to work overtime tonight . PERSON was unable to unwind down from work like he had planned .	Both teams were tired from playing for too long . However , they were tied in points . My teammate tried to perform a sneak attack . He went behind me and his defender lost sight of him . When he was free , he shot a three pointer to win the game for us .	PERSON 's boss asked her to work overtime . PERSON was very tired . She did n't want to stay any later than she had to ! She coughed and told her boss that she was feeling ill . Luckily , PERSON 's boss accepted her excuse .
food	A human once tried to eat meat . It was the first time he had tried it . He loved it . He told all his friends about it . They tried it too and liked it .	I was in a hotel once . It was a convention . They had food on carts all day long . They changed the variety every few hours . It was nice not having to cook .	I could n't stop thinking about food . I had n't eaten all day long . All I could do was think about making dinner . I finally got home and started cooking . I had to struggle not to eat too much that night .	PERSON was on his second day in LOCATION . He had spent his first day seeing artwork . But now he was hungry ! He decided to spend his second day eating ! He visited four different restaurants in just one day !	PERSON loved to eat food at diners . One day he ate rotten food at a diner . He called the chef over and complained . The chef gave him a free meal to satisfy him . Now PERSON has a full meal of good food to eat .	PERSON and her friend PERSON were shopping . PERSON only had $ 20 to spend . She saw a shirt she liked for $ 19 . But he would n't have any money left for lunch . PERSON decided she would rather have lunch than pay for a shirt .	PERSON family was always running out of food . She sometimes tried to save an apple or sandwich for later . She would hide her snacks underneath her bed . One day when she reached underneath the bed a mouse ran out . She no longer hides snacks underneath her bed .	Fred liked to cook . So he was always preoccupied with food . He ended up overeating . And gradually , he had to eat much less . PERSON ended up losing his interest in food .	My husband decided that today was going to be the day to go out . He picked a wonderful restaurant to visit and took me there . On the way he complimented me and my outfit . While we were eating he held my hand and listened to me when I talked . I had a very wonderful time while we ate together there .
PERSON gets hurt	PERSON likes to play football . He calls up his friends to play a game . While playing the game PERSON takes a hard hit . Jeff can not get up . Jeff is badly hurt and taken to the hospital .	PERSON is playing basketball . He is playing a great game . He goes up for the winning shot . He slips and misses the shot . He hurts his ankle and is carried off the court .	PERSON is practicing his volleyball skills . He jumps up for the ball . He lands awkwardly on his foot . He breaks his ankle . He is rushed to the hospital to be treated .	PERSON was riding his bike as fast as he could . There were some mean bullies chasing him . PERSON skidded around a curve in the street . He lost control of his bike and fell off , skinning his knees . The bullies rode past , laughing , while PERSON cried .	PERSON fell off a swing at the playground . His mom quickly took him to the hospital . The doctor said that he broke his arm . PERSON was upset that he would n't be able to play for a while . The doctor gave him a cool blue cast and made him feel better .	PERSON is playing basketball . PERSON loves to play sports . PERSON is driving to the basket . He lands on his leg . He breaks his leg in two .	PERSON is trying out for the swimming team . While trying out he is asked to swim . He swims as hard as he can . While swimming he pulls a muscle and injures himself . PERSON did not make the team .	PERSON is playing soccer . He is practicing his goal kicks . While making a kick he slips and falls . He can not get up . PERSON broke his leg slipping on the grass .	PERSON is out playing football with his friends . While running for a score he falls down . He grabs his foot and is screaming in pain . His friends rush over to check on him . They call an ambulance and take PERSON to the hospital .
the dog	PERSON met a new dog . Her mother said she was not allowed to play with strange dogs . PERSON decided to ask the owner if his dog was nice . The dog 's owner said she could pet the dog . He was very friendly and soft !	PERSON was participating in a tennis competition . She was a point away from winning . She hit the ball as hard as she could . Suddenly , a dog ran out and caught the ball in his mouth and ran off . PERSON was left in shock , and served again into the net .	The dog went to its bowl . There was no water in it . The dog whimpered really loudly . The owner saw the bowl . The owner refilled the dog 's water bowl .	Pepper the dog loves playing outside in the country . Pepper went into the city with his owner . He got free and ran away . Pepper was lost . He found his way all the way back to the country .	Sue wanted a new dog to keep her company . When she went to the store , she discovered they are expensive . The employee at the store advised her to adopt instead of buy . Sue learned that adoption is much cheaper and for a greater cause . After going to an adoption center , PERSON adopted a boxer puppy .	PERSON bought a new pet . It was a dog . PERSON hoped he would be a good hunting dog . But the dog just wanted to lay on the couch ! PERSON loved him even though he was lazy .	PERSON wanted a dog . She spent months saving to buy a dog . She finally brought the dog home . She spent hours training and caring for the dog . PERSON now has a faithful canine companion .	PERSON loved animals . A dog in the neighborhood was his favorite . He would pet him every time he walked home from school . One day , the dog was gone . PERSON worried something had happened to him .	PERSON wanted to get a new pet . She went to the shelter and found the perfect dog . He was tiny and brown . PERSON took him home and spoiled him . They made the perfect pair !
cake	For dessert , PERSON decided to make a cake . He looked up a cake recipe online . He picked one that was chocolate with peanut-butter frosting . PERSON noticed that he had all the needed ingredients in his kitchen . PERSON baked the cake and ate it after having dinner .	PERSON wanted a cake for his birthday . He had no friends , so he decided to make his own . He baked it from a box mix . Then he decorated it himself . PERSON was pleased with his birthday cake .	I decided to bake a cake . I followed a recipe I found online . Alas , the recipe used incorrect measurements . My cake did not bake properly . Thus , I decided to never again use a recipe from online .	PERSON saw the untouched cake left on the counter . The temptation was too much . He cut himself a slice , and then two more . Before he knew it , PERSON ate half the cake . It was n't long before he had a terrible stomachache .	PERSON wanted to get a cake for his friend , PERSON 's , birthday . But he did n't know what cake to get him . So he called his friend and asked his favorite kind of cake . PERSON ended up getting a coconut cake . PERSON thanked PERSON for the wonderful birthday .	PERSON decided she 'd bake a cake for her friend . She realized she did n't have all the ingredients , though . She got in her car to go to the market . Once there , she bought all the ingredients needed for the cake . When she got home , she baked the cake for her friend .	Nala was making a birthday cake . It looked great when she put it in the oven . But then she forgot about it ! By the time she pulled it out , it was burned . Nala was angry with herself .	There was a cake in the office kitchen . I cut myself a slice . I walked back to my desk to enjoy my cake . PERSON saw that I was eating the cake . He told me his wife had made it the night before .	PERSON had bought two bunches of bananas on sale . But her family was unable to finish them fast enough . The bananas were rapidly browning ! Rather than waste them , PERSON baked them into a cake . The overripe bananas made a perfectly moist , yummy cake !
trash	PERSON was emptying the trash one night . She pulled the bag from the can . But as she lugged the bag outside , something bad happened . The plastic bag broke and garbage went everywhere ! Ada had to pick up all the trash from the floor .	PERSON was annoyed with her neighbors . They had been leaving trash outside but not taking it to the cans . One day PERSON had had enough . She took their trash moved it in front of their door , blocking it . When they saw she had done that , they finally took out their trash .	PERSON 's chore was to take out the trash . His mom asked him to do it , but he was grumpy . He kicked the bags before picking them up . As he walked , the bag ripped and spilled everywhere ! PERSON 's angry kick caused him a lot more work !	PERSON saw how hard his single mom worked to care for her two sons . So one week , he decided to help her out . Every night he bagged up the trash and took it out to the can . At the end of the week he took the can to to curb . PERSON 's mom thanked him for the work he 'd done all week for her !	There has been a lot of trash accumulating in my car . I decided to clean it all out today . While I was cleaning it I found something interesting . It was a crisp one hundred dollar bill . I was very glad I cleaned my car and treating myself with the money .	PERSON 's trash can was full . So PERSON took out the trash bag . He took it to his trash can to throw out . PERSON put a new trash bag in the trash can . PERSON was glad his trash was taken out .	PERSON put a lock on the department dumpster . Because PERSON was a small man , his ego was often hurt . He eagerly waited for people to react to what he 'd done . People were not at all pleased with what PERSON had done . They put PERSON in a dumpster and set it on fire .	Des asked PERSON to take the trash out . PERSON kept postponing it . He said he 'd do it in the morning . She woke at noon and went to check . But it was still sitting in the kitchen !	I went to take the trash to the curb . The bag was very heavy , and started stretching . Halfway down the driveway , the bag broke . Trash spilled out all over . I spent an hour cleaning it up .
wedding dress	PERSON wanted to wear her mom 's dress . It was much too big . She took it to a designer . It was redesigned especially for her day . On her wedding , it was absolutely gorgeous .	PERSON was getting married in a few months . She had waited until the last minute to shop for a dress . She had been searching everywhere , but could n't find one . She finally went shopping at a small store . When she walked in , she found the dress of her dreams .	PERSON wanted to be sure she had the perfect wedding dress . She searched all over town to find one . Finally , she found one that suited her perfectly . She bought it right away . She felt like a princess on her wedding day in her perfect dress .	PERSON was getting married . She had everything taken care of except the dress . She had gone to so many places . She finally decided to have someone make it . PERSON had the perfect dress .	PERSON went to the store to try on wedding dresses . The zipper broke on the first dress she tried on . The salesperson had to cut her out of the dress . PERSON really liked that dress though . She ended up buying it anyway .	PERSON is getting married this summer . She just got her wedding dress and as super excited . She asked her mom if she could get the expensive one . Her mom was so happy for her that she said she would pay for it . PERSON is so thankful to be surrounded by loved ones !	PERSON recently got engaged and was excited to go dress shopping . Her friends all met up at a store to look for a dress . PERSON started to try some dresses on , but was quickly disappointed . None of the dresses fit ! Now PERSON has to look online for plus size dresses .	PERSON was getting married to PERSON . She could not afford to buy a wedding dress . She bought a sewing machine and white fabric . She sewed her own wedding dress . PERSON told PERSON she looked beautiful in her wedding dress .	PERSON was very happy with her white wedding dress . She loved twirling in it and showing it around . Her friend asked her to come outside for a picture . She agreed and walked on the grass . When she came back home , the bottom of her dress was now green .
LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION	A teacher told her class about life back in the 1800 in the west , One student asked why it was called the LOCATION LOCATION ? The teacher had no idea so she looked it up online . She only found links that were related to the Will Smith movie . To satisfy the student she lied and made up a reason .	My parents took us to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION in 1963 . A LOCATION organization sponsored the trip . We took charter buses , as nobody owned cars in our area . We rode rides and played skee ball all day . We came home tired but happy .	PERSON had lived in the same small town all his life . When he won a vacation to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION , he was hesitant . He had read about the crime and worried it was dangerous . Sensing his unease , PERSON 's dad gave him a copy of Taxi Driver . After watching the movie , PERSON canceled his trip .	My senior year of high school I participated in a beauty pageant . It was called Miss LOCATION LOCATION and was part of LOCATION LOCATION . I had no idea what I was doing but prepared as well as I could . Somehow I won the competition ! I won a scholarship and moved on the LOCATION LOCATION .	PERSON is an avid scuba diver . PERSON 's dream has always been to scuba dive at the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . One day , PERSON got a letter from her father in the mail . As PERSON opened the letter , she began crying with joy . PERSON 's dad was sending her to the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION to dive in May .	I have always wanted to see LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . Friends have told me many exciting things I should see and do there . I saved enough money to buy a plane ticket to go next month . There are many things I plan to do while I am there . I am scheduled to leave tomorrow and am so excited that I ca n't sleep !	We went to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION in April . We rode the trolley to all the little stops inside . We also played on the go carts , and bumped into each other a lot . We played games , and ate lots of junk food . Our favorite was the funnel cakes .	I was at work when I got the phone call about the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . I ran upstairs where the television was to watch the news with others . We watched the news seeing the first building on fire . I then saw a airplane fly into the second building . Many of us watching it were either screaming or crying .	PERSON decided to go on a vacation . She did n't know where to go , so she looked to LOCATION for ideas . After an hour of browsing , PERSON made her decision . She had determined to go to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . That afternoon , she booked her flight .
cancer	PERSON 's mother missed her very much . She took a trip to LOCATION to visit her mother . While PERSON was there she found out her mother had cancer . Her mother looked very sick and PERSON was worried . Her mother passed away when she was visiting her .	PERSON was in shock . He could n't believe the words his doctor uttered . PERSON was told he had cancer . PERSON was determined to beat this sickness . PERSON lost his battle nearly a year after his diagnosis .	PERSON was diagnosed with Stage Two osteosarcoma . He was terrified , but he fought it hard . He underwent months of chemo and stayed positive . Then he went to his follow-up appointment for the news . The doctor told PERSON his cancer was fully in remission !	PERSON goes to the OBGYN every year . This year they told her they found cancerous cells . She is very scared about what that means . PERSON is also very optimistic about her condition . She knows they found it early and that makes her feel better .	PERSON felt ill . He went to see the doctor . The doctor told him he had cancer . PERSON received chemotherapy to treat the cancer . The treatment was a success .	PERSON found out she had cancer and felt severely broken . As a result , she created a bucket list for her remaining time . She managed to complete it all except one which was to date a boy . She went on Facebook requesting for a relationship and she found one . She achieved her biggest desire which was having a relationship .	PERSON received a sudden diagnosis of stage IV pancreatic cancer . She was told she had only a month to live , maybe less . She did not wallow in self-pity - instead , she used her time well . She wrote long letters to her loved ones and passed on her jewelry . When PERSON passed away , she did so peacefully , knowing she was ready .	The doctors told Jan she had a form of sarcoma . She was very scared . But she had the recommended surgery . Then she followed up with chemotherapy . Soon Jan was declared cancer-free again !	PERSON found out he had cancer . He was devastated . He was determined to fight hard . He underwent treatment . His cancer went away .
the artist	Maeva went to art class . They talked about lighting . She practiced drawing it . She used pencil . She came out with a nice art piece .	PERSON was learning to be an artist . He tried sculpting , but his hands were not steady enough . He tried to paint , but he did n't have the patience . Then he decided he would do performance art . PERSON had found his niche !	PERSON wanted to take art classes . His mother decided to let him take the classes . PERSON did very well in the classes and was very talented . PERSON began selling his artwork . As PERSON got older , he made enough selling his art to pay for school .	There once was a painter who lived all by himself . He always painted in purple . He would give away his paintings for free . He just wanted to make people happy . He ended up dying poor , yet very satisfied with how he lived his life .	PERSON decided she would be an artist . She practiced and practiced and practiced but the ideas would n't come . Her work looked bad and lacked meaning . She quit practicing and started doing other things . Suddenly she found a world of inspiration and made beautiful art .	PERSON was wandering throughout the museum . As an aspiring artist , he loved all kinds of art , especially painting . His attention was grabbed by a beautiful portrait of a lady . He felt inspired ! He raced home to paint a portrait of his special lady .	PERSON decided to become a good watercolor painter . So she bought the supplies and put herself to practice . But she needed to find a teacher . So she searched and searched , until one day she found a book . The book was on watercolor painting , and learned to be great from it .	Rose liked to draw . Her parents discouraged her . They said that it did n't pay . But PERSON persevered . And she got a scholarship for it .	An artist came to a new town for business . He looked all over for inspiration . He saw a beautiful sunset . He got his paints out . He painted a beautiful painting .
visit	I had a stroke in 2011 . I spent five weeks in a rehab in LOCATION . I went back in 2013 to get a new brace . I visited several of my therapists and thanked them . It was a bittersweet trip .	My wife is retiring from work next week . Today my son dropped by to say hello . He wanted to see her at work one last time . He stayed for awhile , and chatted with the crew . My wife was pleased .	Angel was in jail . One morning the warden gave him good news . He said PERSON 's wife had come to visit . Thrilled , PERSON went to the visiting room . There , he had a two-hour visit with his wife .	Two weeks ago my wife 's nephew came by to visit . He brought his wife and one year old boy . The little boy played with our granddaughter 's toys . We made coffee and talked for an hour . We were glad to see them as they do not visit often .	PERSON was nervous to visit her grandma in another country . She had never traveled alone before . But the plane ride was uneventful and even kind of fun ! By the time she got there , she was totally relaxed . PERSON was able to enjoy her trip very much !	My daughter 's old college roommate came to visit today . My daughter is in NYC and her roommate is in LOCATION . She had a great time seeing my daughter 's two year old girl . The girl cried when the roommate left . My daughter cheered her up with chocolate milk .	My friend came here yesterday to visit me . I waited her at the bus station because it 's her first time . I almost waited for her for three hours . Because of waiting that long i got hungry so i decided to eat first . After eating i went back to the bus station and she 's already there .	My sisters in law visited us last week . One sister in law lives in LOCATION , 90 miles away . She got a ride into to LOCATION and stayed with her sister in LOCATION . They brought muffins and visited us in LOCATION . We talked for hours and had a good time .	Our 2 year old granddaughter visited this weekend . She came from NYC to LOCATION . She was here for four nights . She cried when it was time to go home . We miss her a lot .
field trip	One year my school offered us a field trip . I was n't completely sure if I was going to go so I asked some friends . My friends told me they would likely be going so I considered it too . When the deadline for the paperwork approached I still was n't sure . I ended up asking my best friend if he was going and I went with him .	PERSON went on a field trip with his school . The school decided to take the students to a dormant volcano site . Each student had to pick a volcano rock to write an essay about . PERSON picked up a piece of Basalt he found interesting . PERSON wrote a good essay about his rock when he went home that day .	I worked at the MBTA for 26 years . I took new employees on field trips . My last trip was in 2007 . I took a new buyer to visit a repair facility in LOCATION . I gave a brief history of the MBTA .	I took my new boss on a field trip once . We went to a mass transit carhouse . After the visit we started heading back to work . But my boss said let 's go home ! He was the best boss I ever had .	Miss PERSON was counting the kids in her class getting on the bus . Today the class was going on a field trip to the art museum . The kids were all very excited . They arrived at the museum and had a fun time coloring their own art . The kids and Miss PERSON got on the bus to go back to school .	The 2nd grade class is going on a field trip today . They are going to the aquarium . The entire class is excited as they load up in the bus . When they entire the aquarium , all there mouths open . They are amazed by all the aquatic life .	I used to work in the offices of a transit authority . One day I took two co workers out on a field trip . We rode to a trolley car house in LOCATION , LOCATION . The mechanic there let me drive one of the trolleys in the yard . I was very excited and happy .	The teacher took her students on a field trip . They misbehaved . When they returned to school , they all received detention . The students were banned from field trips . Their parents were mad .	The class was very excited . They were going on a field trip today . The class was going to the zoo . They all had a wonderful time looking at the animals that day . The field trip was a big success .
cabin	PERSON was opening his family 's summer cabin . He unlocked the door . Then he opened the windows to air it out . He swept the dust off the floors . The cabin was all ready !	PERSON got laid off from his job . He had been saving aggressively up until that point . He was not sure why he was saving so much when he was doing it . He knew once he got let go from his job . He decided to move to the forest and build a cabin to live in .	PERSON was cutting a hole in his cabin . He made a large opening for a window . He wrapped it in plastic . He did n't use glass because bears could break it . He looked out the opening satisfied with his work .	The man went to a cabin in the woods . There was some mice inside . He tried to get rid of the mice . They kept coming back no matter what . He had to patch a hole that they were coming in through .	The settler family set out to build a cabin . They cut many trees and prepared them carefully . Slowly and with a lot of hard work , they gathered all the wood . Over a few months they pieced the cabin together . They finished it just before winter and had warmth for their family .	PERSON went fishing with his uncle . He kept thinking he was hearing noises . They seemed to be coming from the nearby woods . He told PERSON to not worry about it . But then they heard on news about escaped convict on the loose nearby !	PERSON wanted to go on vacation but he was n't sure where . He researched places and decided to spend a weekend up north . Matt found a cabin to rent for a reasonable price . He called the owner and made a reservation . PERSON looked forward to his upcoming trip .	PERSON 's favorite vacation spot was a cabin in the mountains . Every summer , her family would stay there to kayak and hunt . One summer , a bear broke into their cabin . It tore the house to pieces . PERSON 's family had to postpone the trip for a few weeks to fix it .	I wanted to live every writer 's dream . I bought a small cabin in the woods . I brought just a few novels and my writing supplies . I wrote a great novel while I lived there . It never got published .
PERSON plays basketball	PERSON and his friends are bored on a weekend day . They are all coming up with ideas of what to do . PERSON asks his friends if they wan na go play basketball . They all agree to the idea . PERSON and his friends go and play basketball .	PERSON was playing basketball with his friends . He went up for a slam dunk . PERSON won the game for his team . After the game , PERSON shook the hands of his opponents . The other team thought PERSON was very sportsmanlike .	PERSON 's parents tell him he should take up a sport to stay busy . He decides he wants to try basketball . PERSON practices with his father before the season starts . PERSON plays very well in the first game of the season . He is happy that he decided to play basketball .	PERSON wanted to get out of the house . She decided to go to the park to play a game of basketball . She met some other kids there to play with . They had a terrific day playing basketball . PERSON was happy that she got out of the house .	PERSON was outside with some friends hanging out . It was so hot outside and they could n't think of anything to do . A friend said they should try basketball . PERSON had never played basketball with friends before . PERSON loved playing basketball with his friends .	PERSON is trying to learn more about American culture . One of his friends recommends that he tries playing basketball . At first , PERSON finds it very difficult . Eventually he learns more about how to play . PERSON is glad he learned about American culture through basketball .	PERSON calls her friend PERSON to play basketball . They decide to meet in LOCATION LOCATION . PERSON is sure she will win . But PERSON has been practicing . PERSON beats PERSON at basketball .	PERSON hurt her leg playing basketball . She went to the doctor and the doctor wrapped her leg . PERSON had to stay off of her leg for weeks . Her leg healed well . PERSON was able to start playing basketball again .	PERSON got a new basketball . He drove to the park to shoot some hoops . He played a game of pickup basketball . PERSON scored 30 points that game . Afterwards , he went home to take a shower .
sandwich	PERSON loved sandwiches . He tried every sandwich shop in the city . He found one place he had never tried before . He loved their sandwiches . He began frequenting his new favorite sandwich shop .	PERSON enjoys eating sandwiches a lot . His mom started to pack sandwiches for lunch for him . After PERSON ate a sandwich , he said it tasted bad . His mom said that she forgot to put cheese on the sandwich . PERSON had to make a new sandwich with cheese on it .	I took three bites of a sandwich . The sandwich tasted terrible . I looked inside the sandwich . It was full of raspberry jam instead of strawberry . I threw the sandwich in the trash .	PERSON made a sandwich . As he went to eat it , he got a phone call . PERSON laid his sandwich on the table . When he came back , all he found was crumbs . John looked around and saw his dog eating his sandwich .	PERSON likes sandwiches . PERSON set out to make the perfect sandwich . PERSON decided to sell his sandwiches in a small shop . PERSON developed his business and expanded . PERSON now shares his sandwich passion with thousands of people .	PERSON made a sandwich . He laid it on the table and went to the other room . When he came back his sandwich was gone . He looked around and saw his dog chewing . His dog had eaten his sandwich .	PERSON loved sandwiches . He told his friends he made the best sandwiches . He invited his friends over . He made everyone sandwiches . Everyone loved eating the sandwiches .	Tristan wanted to make a sandwich . He unfortunately did not have any bread to use . Tristan had to take a trip to the supermarket to get some bread . Thankfully they had the bread that Tristan wanted , so he bought it . When he got home , PERSON was finally able to make his sandwich .	PERSON loved eating delicious food . His favorite food was sandwiches . He told his friend about the best sandwich . PERSON 's friend tried the sandwich PERSON liked the most . PERSON 's friend agreed it was an amazing sandwich .
cartoons	PERSON was always interested in how cartoons were made . He signed up for animation classes at his local college . He learned how to program and animate cartoons . PERSON eventually hired several people to work on a cartoon with him . They made a fantastic cartoon that was put on TV .	PERSON 's mother told her she could n't watch cartoons until she cleaned . PERSON hated cleaning . She worked very slow because she hated it so much . By the time she was done , the cartoons were no longer playing . PERSON learned to try harder when cleaning next time .	When I was a child , I liked cartoons . I would get up very early in the morning to watch cartoons . Every time , I would fall asleep before the end of the show . Eventually we got a VCR . Now I could record them and watch them whenever I wanted !	PERSON was watching TV at her friend PERSON 's house . PERSON 's grandparents let her watch what she wanted . The girls watched cartoons for hours . PERSON 's grandma came to bring her back home . PERSON was sad to leave since she never got to watch cartoons at home .	In elementary school I drew cartoons with a friend . We met about once every two weeks . We talked about what kind of cartoons we wanted to make . We drew a few ideas . Then it was time for school to be over .	At 7 Year 's old PERSON did n't like cartoons . He would rather watch Law and Order . He liked murder not talking animals . So he would watch crime shows all day . PERSON was a sociopath and killed his family at twelve .	When me and my brother were younger we watched cartoons . Every weekend morning we woke up really early . We both really enjoyed the same cartoon so we watched that together . My mom was always unhappy with us , but it was okay . One day the cartoon stopped airing and we were both very sad .	PERSON was very tired . His mother did not want him to sleep yet . She decided to turn on cartoons for him . He watched his shows with excitement . When bedtime came , PERSON did not want to sleep .	PERSON at first felt that her baby should n't watch TV so early in life . Then her mom babysat her infant son , and PERSON caught a few glimpses . The modern TV programs were n't like she remembered . They were actually educational , teaching counting , ABCs and morals ! PERSON decided TV was good for her baby after all .
pumpkin	The man smashed a pumpkin . The neighbors saw him do it . The neighbors told the cops . The cops had no choice but to look into it . The man admitted his crime .	PERSON and her husband were visiting the pumpkin patch . She was very pregnant with their second child . Their first child was delighted to play with the pumpkins . PERSON suddenly went into labor there in the pumpkin patch . She gave birth to a healthy boy , right there among the vines .	She wanted to make pumpkin everything . She walked through the store looking at the seasonal items . She found some donuts that were pumpkin flavored . She bought two boxes of them . The cashier laughed at all the pumpkin items in her cart .	My son wanted a pumpkin carved to represent his condition . He has oral apraxia , so he has to use sign language . I helped him trace his hand in the love sign . We put it on the pumpkin and cut it out . Then we put a light inside to brighten the porch .	PERSON was carving a pumpkin for Halloween . It was not going well . PERSON told her to draw the holes before she carved . PERSON tried it . She then made a good jack-o-lantern for Halloween .	PERSON was carrying a pumpkin . It was from her garden . On the way to the house she tripped . The pumpkin went flying . The pumpkin broke open spilling its guts everywhere .	June was carving pumpkins for halloween with her family . This was her favorite part of the year . When she finished she was very proud of her pumpkin . When she went to put it outside the neighbor told her how great it was . June was so happy she hugged her neighbor .	Pumpkin , my 5 year old pug , just got eye surgery . She got into a fight with another dog a few days ago . Her eye got seriously scratched in the fight . It will be sore for a few weeks , so I 'm keeping close watch . She wants to scratch it , so I put a cone over her head .	The boy carved a pumpkin . He was excited to see it lit up . His mom put a candle in it . The boy was disappointed . He asked to carve another pumpkin .
snow	It was raining last night . This morning we woke up to rainy . Now , it has turned to snow . The snow is keeping us in our house . We 'll have to find something other than watching television to do .	I lived in LOCATION LOCATION for 6 years . Each year the winter season got pretty bad . We would get so much snow . One day we tried to go to the store in the snow . We got 5 minutes away from the house and got stuck in the snow .	PERSON saw that it was getting dark . Rain was falling from the sky . As it got darker it became cold . The rain turned to snow . PERSON was sad because he had to shovel it .	PERSON loves cold weather and snow . He decided to go to college in upstate NY . NY has had an unseasonably warm winter . Today it was 50 degrees . Guess Alex wo n't see as much snow as he thought he would !	Recently , it started snowing . The snow fell for a little while , and then stopped . A few hours later , it started snowing again . It snowed all through the night . I was really mad the next morning , because I hate the cold .	It was late , and the snow was falling . PERSON PERSON looked out of his cabin . He saw footprints in the snow , leading away from his place . Panic struck PERSON 's Heart . So he grabbed his gun and went out .	Today it snowed three feet of perfect snow . There was so much snow that school was cancelled . I decided to shovel the snow for my parents . They were very happy when I finished all of the shoveling . My parents bought me a new game for all of my hard work .	PERSON hiked to school in the snow . It snowed so much recess was cancelled . The school closed early because there was too much snow . PERSON took the bus back home . PERSON played in the snow all night .	PERSON was driving in the snow . His car broke down . The snow was not paved enough . He had to call his girlfriend to pick him up . He got the car fixed the next day .
broken down	PERSON was on a train headed to LOCATION . Everything was going fine . Suddenly , a different train broke down ! PERSON was trapped on her train for two hours before it moved again . Finally , the train was back on its destination towards LOCATION .	PERSON was n't very car savvy . His check engine light came on . PERSON kept driving anyway . After a while his car broke down completely . PERSON had to get it towed and fixed .	PERSON borrowed his dad 's car without permission . He visited a friend and parked the car on the street . When he went to leave the car would n't start . He had the car towed home and pushed it back into the garage . PERSON swore that he would never do that again .	PERSON drove an old car . It was barely staying alive . One day it completely broke down . PERSON could n't afford to fix it . He had it scrapped for metal instead .	PERSON was on a road trip . The van broke down halfway through . The price to fix it was more than PERSON could afford . He decided to stay locally and get a job . He never moved back out .	PERSON was driving home from work late at night . But his car stopped working while in a dangerous part of town . A stranger offered him a ride home . But PERSON was too scared to go with the stranger . After waiting hours for a tow truck , he regret declining the ride .	PERSON was driving on a highway . Suddenly , his car began to stall and PERSON had to pull over . After investigating , PERSON realized his car was broken . PERSON picked up his phone and called for help . After an hour or so , a towing vehicle arrived to help PERSON .	PERSON was in trouble at work . He was constantly late . PERSON did n't have steady transportation . One day his car broke down completely . He was fired from his job .	I was on the road driving home from work . Suddenly , I began to notice weird noises . My car began to stop working , and I pulled over off of the road . I called a tow truck company and they arrived shortly after . I then called my friend , and he gave me a ride back home .
dog training	I wanted to teach my dog to roll over . I bought some treats and set aside a weekend . I spent hours mimicking the action and moving the dog around . It was hopeless . In the end I only taught the dog to sort of spin in place .	PERSON 's girlfriend wanted them to get a pet dog . He made a deal that she would have to train it . After they bought the dog , she broke up with him and moved . PERSON was stuck with a dog he did n't know how to teach . But the dog ended up just what PERSON needed to get over the break-up .	My friends got a new dog . It was really out of control . They took it to a behavior class . It was too rowdy and got kicked out . Now they do n't know what to do about it .	My dog Trixie is now 6 years old . When she was a young puppy , we had to take her to training . She was full of energy and very destructive . PERSON was able to complete both the puppy and advanced class . She is now the perfect therapy dog .	PERSON wanted to become a dog trainer . He decided to practice on his own dog . He taught her to jump over a hurdle . She learned to run up and down ramps . PERSON was very pleased with her progress .	PERSON wanted to be a dog trainer . He tried to train his best friend 's dog . He spent 3 hours a day with him . He could n't teach the dog how to sit . He instead taught it to howl on command .	I 've been training my dog to do tricks . I 've taught him a few so far . Last week I taught him how to play dead . It impressed all my friends . My dog was happy to get the treats and attention .	PERSON was a little frustrated . He had been working all day with his dog . PERSON was trying to get his dog to sit . Finally after many hours he succeeded . He pet his dog and gave her a treat .	PERSON got a new puppy . The puppy barked at people and was unfriendly . PERSON took the dog to a trainer . The trainer worked with the dog for two weeks . PERSON 's dog behaved wonderfully .
bathroom	The bathroom was starting to smell strange . The tub was backed up with an odd colored liquid . I used a plunger on the drain . A giant ball of hair extracted itself . I threw it away , feeling sickened .	PERSON was in the bathroom staring in the mirror . She had been there for over an hour . She was enjoying the solitude . Someone banged on the door needing to use the bathroom . She sent them to the bathroom in the basement .	PERSON 's bathroom was dirty . So PERSON decided to clean his bathroom . He cleaned the sink , toilet and tub . Reorganized the inside of his sink . PERSON was glad he cleaned the bathroom .	PERSON spent a lot of money decorating her bathroom . One day , she decided she would redecorate it . She spent a lot of money and time . After many months , it was finally done . PERSON had the best bathroom in the district .	The man went into the restroom . The stalls were full . He waited for a vacant stall . It was taking too long . The man went across the street to find another bathroom .	PERSON is afraid of public restrooms . Her friend PERSON thinks this is silly . While out to dinner PERSON and PERSON drank some water . Unable to hold her bladder , PERSON used a public toilet . PERSON was proud of her friend for facing her fears .	PERSON drank a lot of water . Her parents told her to use the restroom before the road trip . She did n't listen . An hour into the drive , PERSON had to go really bad . When the car reached a gas station , she rushed to the restroom .	PERSON took three showers a day . He noticed his bathroom was no longer clean . He saw mold on the floor . He cleaned the bathroom . His bathroom became clean .	I tried to be quiet . I walked back up the stairs . The bathroom was downstairs . I was visiting my aunt and uncle . My aunt wanted me to use the bathroom downstairs at night .
shaving	I had a big job interview last week . I had to shave before the interview . I went to the store just to get a razor and some cream . I got the razor and shaved my face . I really think shaving helped me get a job .	PERSON wanted a change in his appearance . He decided he was going to shave his bushy beard . The next day PERSON went into work . His coworkers saw him and appeared shocked . They told PERSON that they thought he was a stranger .	I cut myself shaving yesterday . I used a stinging stipple pen to stop the bleeding . It was surprisingly effective . I do n't know why more people do n't use them for cuts elsewhere . I think I shall spread the word about this thing .	PERSON disliked shaving his face . PERSON bought a DIY razor . PERSON never received compliments after using the DIY razor . PERSON used a proper blade and shaved one day . PERSON was happy to receive compliments with his clean shave .	There was a dad and son . The dad wanted to teach his son to shave . He taught him to be careful He taught him to get a close shave . The boy remembers this forever .	PERSON had not shaved for 2 weeks . Her legs looked like a boys . When she went to shave , she cut her leg . It bled and bled . PERSON vowed to never shave again .	I was shaving the other day . While I was shaving I cut myself pretty bad . I had to go look for a band aid . I could n't find one so I had to ask my neighbor for one . Thankfully , my neighbor had a bandaid for me .	PERSON was an elementary school teacher . During a fundraiser , she promised to have shave her hair as a prize . When the funds had been raised , she followed through with her promise . She had all of her hair shaved off during an assembly . Everyone loved it and found it hilarious .	I moved the razor over my face . With every swipe more hairs came off . Ten swipes were enough , nor were twenty . I went to the store and got a better razor . Five more swipe made my face smooth .
deer	PERSON drove his knife into the deer . It tried to kick but it was on its last death throws . After it died , he prayed to the gods thanking them . He was happy to have the meat . He took it inside to smoke it later .	PERSON had a loaf of bread that went stale . She did not want to waste food , so she took it outside . There , she tossed it over the backyard fence . Overnight , the deer and raccoons came to eat the bread . In the morning it was all gone !	PERSON was driving in the woods one night . Suddenly a deer dashed into her path . She swerved to avoid it . PERSON 's car struck a large tree . PERSON had to call a tow company to remove it !	The group was going to sing at a concert . As they were driving along , a deer ran right into their car . The deer bounced off and ran into the field . There was a dent in the car and deer spit on the window . Everyone felt relieved that there was n't more damage .	PERSON saw a deer in his backyard . He told his mom about the deer . She made up some peanut butter sandwiches and gave them to PERSON . He went outside and threw the sandwiches . Soon , two more deer appeared to eat the yummy treats !	PERSON arrived home and smelled dinner cooking . According to her mom they were having steak . At dinner the meat looked darker red than normal . She ate her dinner without thinking any more of it . Later she found out the steaks , were deer steaks .	My friend took a ride in her car with her sister . She lives in a rural part of LOCATION . As she was driving , a deer ran in front of her car ! Unfortunately , she struck the deer . Her car was ruined .	PERSON was driving late one night . Suddenly a deer dashed into the road . PERSON swerved to avoid hitting it . The deer bounded safely across the road . PERSON breathed a deep sigh of relief .	PERSON was driving home one night . Suddenly , a deer jumped in the road . PERSON swerved to avoid hitting it . Her car crashed into a thick tree trunk ! PERSON had to be pulled from the wreck by emergency medics .
new apartment	PERSON needed a new apartment . She looked around for a long time . Finally she found one . Only problem was that it was expensive . She did n't know how she could afford it .	PERSON got a new apartment . He lived in a bad part of town . He missed living with his parents . He cried every night . Soon , he decided to break the lease to move back home .	PERSON moved into his first apartment one day . He did not have any furniture and needed to get some . He looked online and found a man giving away free furniture . He drove to the man 's house and happily took the new items . When he got home , he furnished his house and it looked great .	PERSON recently changed locations for his job . Therefore , PERSON had to look for a new apartment . PERSON looked through PERSON , and found an apartment he liked . PERSON decided to meet with the landlord and view the apartment . PERSON like the apartment so much , he made a deposit that day .	PERSON was looking for a new apartment . He was advised to wait for the perfect place . He saw a few great ones , but still waited . After a month , he found a beautiful apartment in the suburbs . PERSON was happy that he waited .	PERSON moved into a new apartment . It was a brand new building . PERSON paid a lot of money for rent . Within the first month several things broke . The new apartment was poorly made .	PERSON was excited to get her new apartment . She had been searching for one for the longest time . When she found the one she wanted , she was thrilled . She got to move in the next day . She ended up loving it .	PERSON needed a new apartment . So the realtor showed her some . PERSON was not impressed by them . Finally she saw a good one . She was happy to finally see one .	Priya needs a new apartment . She can not afford her current one . She starts looking for cheaper apartments . PERSON realizes she can only afford a place with a roommate . Priya moves in with a roommate to a new apartment .
love	PERSON was 15 and pregnant , and could n't raise a baby . She did n't want to abort it , but she knew she could n't keep it . She decided her best choice was adoption . It was hard , but she found a very loving couple . PERSON was proud of herself for doing what was best for her baby .	April was in love with PERSON . He thought she was too young for him . He really liked her too . They finally went on a date . Not long after they were married !	One day a couple met at a dance club . They were inseparable after that . They wanted to spend all their time together . Finally after many years to man asked the woman to marry him . They were married in the park under the full moon .	I decided to go to the store . I hopped in the car and went to my local grocer . As I shopped for items , I noticed my ex-boyfriend looking around . I ducked and dashed around the store until he was out of sight . Eventually , I lost him and quickly drove home .	A man was sitting in a cafe , drinking coffee and reading a book . He did this every morning alone , you could see he needed someone . He look at couples around him and stared at their happiness . A woman passed by and asked what he was reading , he smiled . Now every morning they both sit at the cafe and read to each other .	It was month of april when i first saw her . She 's beautiful and i want to know her . That 's why i decided to ask her name . I find her name in facebook and i message her . Luckily , she replied and we started talking and going out together .	You never know real love until you have a child . My kids mean the world to me . I told them this a few weeks ago . They smiled happily at me . The next day , they brought me breakfast in bed .	I met JC on a forum for mturk . We fell for each other fast . I kicked out my husband and he filed for divorce . I went to get JC to come live with me . I was finally going to find my happiness .	The woman told the man it was his baby . That was a lie . The man believed her . He raised the boy as his own . The boy loved him as a father .
christmas lights	PERSON 's house had Christmas lights on it . They never took them down after Christmas . Eventually a neighbor complained . PERSON felt embarrassed by it . He finally took down the lights .	It was getting close to winter . The PERSON family decided it was time to hang Christmas lights . They picked out a set from the store . They hung them on the side of the house . When they plugged them in , only half lighted up .	PERSON dragged out her CHristmas decorations . She started to hang the lights on her roof . She slipped and fell off ! Her husband came home and found he lights hanging from the roof . He said they would hire someone to finish .	PERSON was decorating the house for Christmas . He decided to put lights on the roof too . He climbed his ladder and draped them up there . Then he climbed down and surveyed his work . He now had the most festive house on the block !	PERSON loved the holidays . He really enjoyed seeing decorations . One neighborhood in particular went all out . He decided to check it out . He spent hours walking around watching .	Every year my family loves decorating for Christmas . We usually put up a lot of lights and decorations . This year there was a problem with the lights . Half of them did n't turn on . We still enjoyed the effort and end result .	The man strung up the Christmas Lights . He turned them on . They did not light up . He checked each bulb . He replaced the burnt out bulb .	The family took the Christmas tree and lights out of storage . The father tested the lights . Three of the strands were burned out . The mother went to the store and bought more lights . The family was finally able to decorate the Christmas tree .	PERSON set up her Christmas tree . She put lights on it . Some of them did n't light up . So she bought new ones . Finally she was able to enjoy a beautiful well-lit Christmas tree .
bowling	PERSON was bowling with his family . Usually he came in last place . But this time PERSON had a lucky streak ! He got strikes and spares in every game . PERSON ended up coming in first place !	My friends invited me to go bowling with them . I put on my bowling shoes and drove to the alley . I met up with my friends and we began to play . While walking up the the lane , I dropped a ball on my toe . I sat down and could n't walk for the whole night .	Every year there is a bowling tournament . The tournament raises money for MS awareness . They have basket raffles and other prizes . The turnout gets bigger and bigger each year . I love it and ca n't wait for it to come again this year .	PERSON went bowling . He got strike after strike . He was only one strike away from a perfect game . He bowled and the ball was perfectly in line for a strike . But then a kid ran out onto the lane and stopped the ball .	PERSON was invited bowling with her friends . She had never bowled before . She decided to give it a shot anyways . She lined up her ball and took aim . PERSON got a strike on her first try !	PERSON took PERSON bowling on their second date . PERSON was always a good bowler . He did n't know how good a bowler PERSON was . They had a very competitive game . In the end Sandy let PERSON win .	PERSON was in the final of his school 's bowling tournament . He was up against another very good bowler . It was down to the final frame to win . He sent his bowling ball flying . He nailed a strike and won !	PERSON was bowling with his friends . He was a good bowler and his friends knew it . He grabbed a ball and prepped for his throw . He swung back hard and threw it towards the pins . It slammed into the gutter and everyone laughed .	They had a bowling league that they played in every year . It was comprised of a bunch of friends of theirs that always played . But one year they were bowling really well . They thought they had a chance to win the championship . And in the last week they won the last game to win the trophy .
flowers	PERSON was having a bad day at work . Then she got stuck in traffic coming home . But when she got there , she got a surprise . Her husband had brought her flowers to cheer her up ! PERSON was grateful and pleased !	PERSON gave PERSON a flower . I saw him buy it from the flower seller . He asked her for the prettiest one . She gave him a purple one with yellow flecks . PERSON was all smiles when he gave it to her .	PERSON ordered some flowers for his mom for mother 's day . They arrived early and were left outside in the hot sun all day . Adam totally forgot about the flowers and let them wilt and die . He noticed too late that the flowers were dead and brown and panicked ! He bought his mom chocolates instead that year !	I often receive flowers when i was in college . I kept them all inside a book . Then one day i received a dozen of red rose . I had difficulty in putting it in a book because it 's too many . So i decided to put it on a vase .	PERSON 's pet mouse passed away in the night . The mouse , PERSON , had been in the family for years . PERSON decided to bury him out back . He was sad as he placed his pet in the dirt . PERSON then went to the store to pick up some flowers for PERSON .	PERSON got some flowers for his crush . She liked the arrangement because it looked familiar . He told her he made it himself . It made them feel closer to each other . He actually got them at the gas station .	PERSON knew that PERSON 's favorite flowers were daisies . He went to the floral shop to purchase a bouquet of daisies . After perusing different options , Arnold chose his favorite one . He excitedly rushed home to deliver the flowers . PERSON wished PERSON a happy birthday as he handed her the flowers .	PERSON and PERSON were fighting . No matter how hard either of them tried , they could n't agree . One day PERSON decided to buy PERSON flowers . She was very surprised by the gift . Gradually , they began to get along .	I send my wife flowers for her birthday . One day I ordered flowers on the internet . I called the day before delivery and got a vacation voicemail . I ordered flowers from another source . My wife received two bouquets .
PERSON 's phone	PERSON did n't want to get a new phone . She looked at all the models at the store and hated how big they were . She held them up to her old phone with distaste . She even got into an argument with the salesman about it . I 'm surprised she left with one .	PERSON needed a new phone . He looked online for reviews of different phones . PERSON liked the features of the iphone . He bought the iphone when a promotion came up . PERSON received his phone and was very pleased .	PERSON had a cell phone that she loved very much . One day PERSON dropped her cell phone onto the ground . She tried to fix it all afternoon with no success . PERSON then drove to the store and bought a new cell phone . She decided that she loved this cell phone more than the last .	PERSON dropped his phone . The phone broke into 5 pieces . PERSON decides he needs a new phone . He goes to the cell phone store . PERSON buys a new phone .	PERSON left his phone on his desk at school . He repeatedly checked his phone for messages from friends . The school had a strict no phone policy that was well enforced . PERSON 's teacher noticed his phone and decided to take it from him . He had to go the rest of the day without his phone .	PERSON really wanted to buy a new iPhone . So , PERSON decided to go to the Apple store . At the Apple store , there were a lot of phones to buy . PERSON picked out the best model and purchased it . PERSON liked her new phone , but it was very expensive .	PERSON recently had an interesting day . She took the subway to work like she does everyday . But as she left the subway she realized she had lost her phone ! She ran down the subway entrance trying to look for her phone . Some stranger had picked it up and handed it back to her !	PERSON lost her cell phone . She looked everywhere for it , but could n't find it . Eventually she gave up and bought a new phone . PERSON like her new phone better than her old phone . PERSON was happy that she lost her phone .	PERSON went to the store and bought a phone . He was very excited and began to run home . He ran too fast and dropped his phone . His phone screen had cracked . He picked the phone up and walked home sadly .
lost and found	PERSON lost her gold anklet in gym class . She was distraught ! But then she went to the guidance office . There , she checked the Lost And Found box . Thankfully , her anklet had been found and turned in .	PERSON had gone to the theatre three nights in a row . Unfortunately last night he left his hat behind . He phoned the theatre to look through the lost and found . He searched but did not find his hat . As he left , the manager caught up to him with his hat !	PERSON 's dog Spot ran away one day . She printed posters and put them around the neighborhood . The next day , someone found Spot at the park . They called the number on the poster . PERSON was very happy that her dog was safe and sound .	PERSON decided to go out for a walk . While walking she noticed the same fliers on different poles . She pulled one down to get a closer look at it . It was a flier for a missing dog with a reward . During her walk PERSON found the dog and returned it to it 's owner .	It was a few weeks after settling into a new house . My cat went missing for almost two weeks . I posted flyers with his picture . No one responded to the lost posters . After 13 days a dirty , skinny cat was finally home .	PERSON took her granddaughter to the zoo . They looked at the monkeys . Her granddaughter had to go to the bathroom . When she came out she could n't find her . PERSON found her back at the monkey cages .	I went to the Lost and Found department to see if they had my bag . They asked me for a description of my bag . I told them what it looked like , but they did n't have it there . Then I found my bag at my friend 's house . I must have left it there last week and forgotten .	PERSON got nervous when he could n't find his wallet . He looked all around his office , to no avail . He borrowed money from a friend for lunch . He left work early and went home to search . He was relieved to find his wallet under his bed .	PERSON had lost his cellphone . He searched for hours every where . He decided to call his school . The secretary looked in the lost in found at his school . She found the exact phone he was looking for .
locked out	We went to dinner last night . My wife opened the door . The next morning she could not find her keys or open the door . The keys were in the door and we could not get out . Her sister lives in the building and got us out .	PERSON heard a knock at his door . It was his new neighbor PERSON asking for help . She had locked herself out ! PERSON helped her get in , and they started talking . Soon she agreed to go on a date with him !	I was on my way out the door . I had my work bag and phone in my hand . I closed the front door and locked the bottom lock . I went to lock the deadbolt and could not find my keys . I had locked myself out .	PERSON arrived home after school . Both her parents worked , so no one was home . She could n't find her key in her pocket . It was n't in her bag either . PERSON was locked out of the house .	PERSON was trying to log into his bank account . He was on a friend 's computer . PERSON kept getting his password wrong . Eventually he was locked out of his account . PERSON had to call in to get it fixed .	PERSON 's neighbor lost her keys . She was locked out of her house and asked PERSON for help . PERSON helped her look for her lost keys . He ended up finding her spare key hidden in her glove compartment . She was so thankful that she baked cookies for PERSON .	PERSON went for a walk one day to the store . When she arrived home , she searched her purse for her keys . She realized she forgot them and she was locked out ! Thankfully she remembered she left a window unlocked . From that day on , she never forgot her keys again !	One Saturday night my wife went down to get the mail . She saw our neighbor LOCATION in the lobby . LOCATION lives in the same building . LOCATION had locked herself out and was waiting for a locksmith . We invited her into our apartment to wait .	PERSON left her apartment in a rush . When she got to the car she realized she forgot her keys . When she got back she noticed she locked the door . PERSON had to crawl in through a window . She was able to retrieve her keys .
the accident	PERSON was driving her car to work . There was a dog in the middle of the road . She drove into another car to avoid the dog . The two cars crashed . PERSON was hurt .	PERSON was driving down the road . All of a sudden a deer jumped out in front of her . PERSON could not slow down . She hit the deer . Luckily , it did not do a ton of damage to her car .	PERSON was on his way home from work when it happened . A motorcyclist had zipped between his car and the car next to him . The cyclist lost his balance , falling directly in front of PERSON 's car . PERSON had to swerve to avoid the biker . This ended up in PERSON hitting another car .	PERSON rode her bike to school everyday . One day on her way home she was hit by a white van . She was carried away on a stretcher to the ambulance . Fortunately she was okay , just a little bruised . Her parents ' were very relieved and happy she was not seriously hurt .	PERSON was driving to work one morning . He tried to avoid a bicyclist . John crashed into the stop sign . He was rushed to the hospital . John sustained minor injuries .	A friend was driving her family to Six Flags Park . She was on a very busy highway . A car swerved into her lane . She could n't stop ! She wrecked her car , but no one was hurt .	Fred and PERSON are playing at the park . PERSON thinks it will be funny to trip PERSON . Unfortunately PERSON falls and needs a cast for his leg . PERSON feels awful . He and PERSON are now no longer friends .	PERSON was driving down the wet and winding road . He was driving much too fast for the road conditions that night . Therefore , he ran off of the road trying to navigate the sharp curve . Luckily , the road was clear of other traffic , so nobody else was hurt . PERSON felt very lucky , and vowed to drive more safely from then on .	PERSON was driving down the street one night . He was very tired from working all day . PERSON fell asleep for just a second while he was driving . When he woke up he was in the hospital and very confused . He found out that when he fell asleep he crashed his car .
funeral	PERSON had to go to a funeral . She put on her best dressed clothing . When they got to the funeral home she looked in the casket . It was rather dreary . PERSON could not believe she was dead .	PERSON 's wife was sick . She had dementia . She was deteriorating fast . He had a funeral . All of his family came .	Kia 's teacher died from a heart attack . She went to the funeral with the rest of her class . She cried during the service , but so did everyone else . Afterwards , Kia walked up to the casket . There , she sadly wished her teacher goodbye .	My friend 's dad died . I got out of school for the funeral . I remember the family walking with the casket . They were dressed in black . It was a sad day .	PERSON 's father recently died . PERSON planned the funeral . PERSON invited everyone he knew . Everyone attended the funeral . The funeral was a success .	PERSON went to her aunt 's funeral . It was a sad experience . She started crying at one point . Before it was over she left . It was too emotionally draining .	PERSON and her family were attending her Grandpa 's funeral . PERSON did n't want to sit in the front row . She waited in the lobby till everyone was seated . She crept in and took a seat towards the back . Her mother saw her and made her move to the front row .	PERSON 's friend had died . She was distraught . She did n't want to go to the funeral . Her mom exhorted her to go , for posterity . Later , PERSON was glad she 'd gone .	PERSON 's pet goldfish died . Her parents wanted to spare her this knowledge . They quickly bought her a new goldfish . The new goldfish was a different shade of yellow . PERSON noticed but said nothing .
close call	PERSON liked to ride her bike on weekends . One weekend she decided to ride her bike in the country . She enjoyed the ride until some dogs started to chase her . One of the dogs got close enough to nip PERSON 's heel . PERSON decided to stick to riding her bike in the city .	PERSON was to be the best man at his friend 's wedding . He had woken up late that day and fumbled to get his clothes on . He had the rings and headed to the bus stop . In a hurry he dropped the rings and they started rolling downhill . Running to catch up , he saw PERSON 's fiance leaving a stranger 's house .	PERSON was driving to work . He stopped at a red light . He looked in his mirror and saw a semi come barreling towards him . He pulled to the side of the road and to avoid the collision . The semi struck the car in front of him .	PERSON is scheduled to leave LOCATION LOCATION on Tuesday morning . But a flight opens up on Monday so he takes that one . Later that night there is a massive earthquake in LOCATION LOCATION . Two hundred people die in the hotel PERSON was staying at . PERSON feels very lucky to be alive .	PERSON was hurriedly driving home from work . Out of nowhere , a deer skittered onto the road in front of him . PERSON slammed on his brakes as hard as he could . Fortunately , he avoided hitting the deer . The deer then pranced off of the road .	PERSON was in a hurry driving to work one morning . PERSON was at a stoplight , waiting patiently . PERSON noticed a car coming up on him rapidly in his rear-view mirror . PERSON gripped the steering wheel , waiting for an impact . Luckily , the car managed to come to a screeching halt just shy of PERSON .	I was driving home from a visit with my family . A red car passed me speeding . It suddenly started to rain . The red car lost control and spun several times . Because I was going slower he missed hitting me .	PERSON was walking home one day . She was texting her mom as she walked . Suddenly a car almost hit her , as she was not paying attention ! PERSON was terrified ! She vowed never to text and walk again !	PERSON had not prepared for the test in math . He was sure he would fail the test and have to take summer school . He tried to cram during lunch so that he would understand some of it . When he got to class a stranger came in and stood up front . She said his teacher was out sick so the test was canceled !
dentist visit	PERSON went to the dentist in the morning . She had n't been for at least two years . The assistant did x-rays on all of her teeth . The dentist informed PERSON that she had 12 cavities . PERSON sighed as she made an appointment for her first filling .	PERSON went to the dentist . He was scared and did not want to take PERSON of his teeth . Another boy saw that he was scared and came over to talk with PERSON . When PERSON heard the boy and saw he was n't scared , he took the Xrays PERSON was really proud of himself that he was able to overcome his fear	PERSON took his daughter and son to the dentist . His daughter PERSON went first and was brave . PERSON was next and started crying . The dentist tried to calm him down but PERSON kept crying . PERSON had to go into the room to help PERSON calm down .	PERSON woke up with a sharp pain in her mouth . She was worried that it might be a cavity . One of her greatest fears was going to the dentist . PERSON made an appointment . It turned out that it was a buildup of plaque not a cavity .	I went to the dentist for a sore tooth . I walked into the waiting room , the anxiety building . Finally , when it was my turn , I followed the nurse to the chair . The dentist drilled and drilled , taking forever . He eventually finished and I left feeling relieved the visit was over .	PERSON went to the dentist . She had brushed well . The dentist noticed . The dentist also noticed that PERSON did not floss enough . The dentist told PERSON to floss every day .	PERSON had a sore tooth . He went to the dentist . The dentist took an X-ray of the tooth . The dentist filled the cavity in the tooth . PERSON felt better after the dentist appointment .	It was time for PERSON 's dental appointment . She was terrified of him , and did n't like going . He talked soothingly throughout the appointment . She realized it was n't as bad as she thought . The cute bag with a red toothbrush she received was nice , too .	PERSON was scared of dentists . Her mom drove her to the dentist for a cleaning . When they got to the dentist , she refused to leave the car . Her mom said that if she went inside she would get ice cream after . Layla let up and went into the dentist after all .
dance class	PERSON 's friend convinced her to join a dance class . At first she was apprehensive . She thought she would look silly . But then she started dancing and having fun . Soon all of PERSON 's nerves disappeared !	Ally was nervous about her first dance class . Would she make friends ? Would she like her teacher ? That night , Ally learned about Ballet and Tap . She loved it so much she wants to come back every day !	PERSON started dance last week . She joined in a combination class . The teacher is very sweet . She is working one on one with each student . I think she will learn a lot .	PERSON was going to her first dance class . She had dreamed about this day for years ! Her teacher invited her to put on her ballet shoes . PERSON could n't wait to learn how to dance ! She was going to work hard to do a great job in the recital .	PERSON wanted to take dance lessons . Her mother said she could , but only if she improved her grades . Jordan began studying more . She improved her grades in all her classes . PERSON 's mom registered her for dance classes .	PERSON was late to dance class one day . Her brother had agreed to drop her off but he had n't shown up . PERSON ended up having to walk . She was angry at her brother , but forgave him . He was glad .	PERSON wanted to take dance . Her mom was n't sure about it . PERSON convinced her to let her try . PERSON took a tap class and loved it . Her mom agreed to let her take dance for a year .	I started a new dance class week . They teach a lit bit of everything . I am not the best dancer . I hope I can learn a few things . We can go out dancing when I am done .	PERSON loved dance . She wanted to be a dancer . She finally convinced her mom to put her in dance class . She was excited to start dance . She looked forward to dance every week .
the circus	The circus was in town and PERSON was going . She could n't wait to see all of the acts . She was enthralled the entire two hours . Her favorites were the animal acts , especially the elephants . The dogs jumping rope were entertaining , too .	PERSON was very happy . Her parents were taking her to the circus . They got their and she was amazed . All the lions and elephants , not to mention the performers . PERSON had an amazing time that day with her family .	Drew was ready for a night out with his family . They had tickets to the circus . The kids were so excited to go . They all loved the clowns and elephants . After it was over , they all clapped and cheered .	As my family got ready for an eventful night out to the circus . I rushed them into the car , as I did n't want to be late . The journey began and we all start getting giddy as we got closer . I pulled into the parking lot , and noticed the draping tent . I turned to my kids , and with a huge smile , told them we 're here !	PERSON had never cooked a chicken before . She decided to cook one for dinner one night . She knew that she liked her steaks rare . PERSON cooked the chicken rare . The chicken made PERSON very sick .	The family filed out of the van . The had arrived at the circus ! They could n't wait to see the different acts . The first one was some funny clowns . The family all laughed and clapped .	PERSON was excited . The circus was in town . He had finally convinced his mom to take him . They arrived at the big top and sat down . PERSON had a wonderful time at the circus with his mom .	The family took a trip to the circus . The kids clapped when the clowns performed . They all cheered when a trapeze artist came out . They ate cotton candy and popcorn . It was a wonderful outing !	The traveling circus was in town . PERSON was excited to go with his family that weekend . On Saturday , PERSON and his family saw animals , acrobats , and clowns . PERSON was filled with increasing delight with each subsequent act . He knew this would be a day he would never forget .
marathon	PERSON wanted to run a marathon . She did n't train very hard . She entered the race anyway . She was n't able to finish . She decided that she would train harder next time .	PERSON decided he wanted to run a marathon . He looked online and found a training regimen . He trained for 8 months and felt confident about the race . Race day came and PERSON finished the race in under 4 hours . He celebrated his accomplishment with friends and family	Sue signed up for a marathon . She trained for months . On the day of the race , it was raining cats and dogs . Sue ran anyway . She finished the race in record time .	PERSON wanted to enter a marathon . She trained at the gym four days a week . The day of the marathon arrived . She became winded and had to stop near half-way . PERSON decided that her future workouts needed more cardio .	At the age of 27 I weighed 300 pounds . I felt the need to lose weight to improve my health . I could barely walk without getting winded . Every day I could walk more and more . After a year , I lost 100 lbs and completed a marathon !	PERSON loves to run . One day , she decided to train for a marathon . She ran every day for weeks . Finally the day of the marathon arrived . She won the race .	PERSON wanted to be a runner . And her goal was to complete next month 's marathon . She trained very hard and ate well . But she did n't feel prepared for the marathon . So she decided to quit at the last second .	PERSON decided to run in a marathon for cancer . She woke up everyday at 5am to run 5 miles . She even trained with a personal trainer to complete the entire race . On the day of the race , there was a snowstorm . The race was cancelled and PERSON felt disappointed .	PERSON PERSON got a bronze in the marathon . He did not medal in the 10,000 meters . He thought that he was faster on the track . But he stayed focused for the marathon . He might actually better at it .
biology test	PERSON has to prepare for a biology test . PERSON study every day . When the test came up , PERSON got nervous . PERSON fail the test because she worried too much . Afterwards , PERSON was diagnosed with an anxiety disorder .	Drew has a biology test . He has not studied at all . He decided to pull an all nighter . When PERSON got to school , he fell asleep . Drew ended up failing his test .	PERSON had a biology test . He had studied very hard but found biology challenging . He took the test and he thought he had failed . He waited two weeks for his grade . He found out he got an A on his test .	PERSON has a biology test in the morning . He has been studying all week . He still does not feel ready . When he got to class , he started to feel sick . However , PERSON took his test and made a perfect score .	PERSON has a biology test tomorrow . She has not studied at all . She decided to stay up all night and study . When she got to school , she fell asleep in class . PERSON failed her test .	PERSON has a biology test tomorrow . He has been studying all week . When the teacher gave out the tests , PERSON was nervous . He took the test and turned it in . PERSON got his grade and made an A.	PERSON has a biology test on Friday . He has been studying for weeks . He decided to just look over his notes one more time . When PERSON got to class , the teacher said open book test . PERSON was both relieved and irritated .	PERSON has a biology test tomorrow . He also has an English test . He decided to skip studying for English . He failed his English test . However , he passed his biology test .	PERSON has a biology test on Friday . He decided to pull an allnighter . However , he fell asleep while studying . PERSON missed his test . Luckily his teacher let him reschedule .
prison	I had murdered my uncle . The police arrested me . I was sentenced to prison for life . In prison , the inmates were mean to me . Luckily , I joined a gang and was able to have their protection .	PERSON was doing a life sentence in prison . She met PERSON , another prisoner , in a work program . She and PERSON fell in love . They married behind bars . PERSON realized how much better her life was for PERSON , even in jail !	The man went to prison . His cellmate tried to bully the man . The man fought his cellmate . He hurt his cellmate badly . The man got respect in the prison .	I was sentenced to prison for murdering my wife . Prison was scary and I cried every day . Eventually , I joined a prison gang . They became my best friends . I realized that prison was actually fun !	PERSON had an argument with his dad . In a state of rage , he murdered his dad . He tried to run away but the police caught him . He pleaded guilty . He was sentenced to prison for life .	Nic stole cars and sold stereos illegally . He spent his twenties engaged in illegal things like that . Then he was caught and jailed at age 29 . In prison , he had 5 years to realize the futility of his life . He emerged a changed man determined to get a real job .	Will is in prison . People have begun to pick on him . The guards do n't care . Will started to workout heavily every hour . People stopped picking on him .	The man went to prison . He was innocent . He asked for another trial . It took five years to get one . He was found to be innocent .	PERSON was addicted to heroin . She was caught stealing to fund her habit . The judge sent her to prison for four years . There , she finally got clean . PERSON left prison a very changed woman .
nail polish	PERSON just bought new nail polish . She was painting her nails when her dog came running . Her dog knocked over the bottle and it shattered on the floor . PERSON was not able to get the stain out . She now has a bright blue spot on her kitchen tile .	PERSON bought a bottle of blue nail polish . As she was painting her nails , she got startled . She spilled the bottle on her pink carpet . She scrubbed the carpet as quickly as she could . The polish would not come out and left a stain .	PERSON took his wife 's nail polish . He polished his nails just to see what they 'd look like . PERSON realized he had a job interview that afternoon . He hurried quickly to the interview . Then he realized he was wearing pink nail polish .	PERSON had removed her chipped nail polish from her nails . She was now trying to choose a new color for her nails . This was hard because she had over twenty different colors . She finally settled on a dark blue color because she was feeling sad . PERSON painted her nails .	PERSON had an online jewelry store that sold many different things . She wanted to make something new and exciting . After a lot of brainstorming she came up with a great idea . Her idea was to paint glass stones with nail polish and make pendants . After making many different kinds she sold a lot of necklaces .	Franked picked up his wife 's nail polish smelling it deeply . He said he loves the smell . His wife , PERSON , looked at him like he was crazy . PERSON explained that it reminded him of an auto shop . PERSON continued to look at him as if he was insane .	Sue bought a new bottle of pink nail polish . As she was painting her nails , her cat ran through . The cat knocked over the bottle and polish went everywhere . Sue tried to clean it up . However , she could not get the spot clean .	PERSON bought a new bottle of nail polish for her manicure . As she was testing it out , she accidentally knocked it over . The bottle spilled on her white carpet . She tried to get it up but it stained . Now PERSON has a pink spot on her floor .	PERSON bought new nail polish . As she was painting her nails , her cat ran by . The cat knocked over the polish . PERSON could not get the puddle of polish up . She now has a pink mark on her floor .
oatmeal	PERSON eats oatmeal every morning . He likes it topped with lots of brown sugar . One day he runs out of brown sugar . He uses honey to top his oatmeal instead . He likes the honey , but thinks brown sugar tastes better .	I eat oatmeal every day . I used packets . I thought each packet used 2/3 of a cup of milk . Today I read the packets and found some take only half . I now know why my oatmeal is soupy sometimes .	PERSON was forgetful . He went to make oatmeal . And he walked away . When he entered the kitchen later , he noticed oats and water in a pot . But the stove was never turned on .	PERSON woke up very hungry . She decided to make oatmeal for breakfast . She mixed all of the ingredients . PERSON ate the oatmeal very quickly . She felt full until lunch time .	PERSON was proud that she fed her kids oatmeal for breakfast . She promised her kids a treat at lunch for finishing their oatmeal . Each day , the kids left empty bowls of oatmeal in the sink . One day , the sink clogged and a plumber came over . He found the sinks clogged with weeks ' worth of oatmeal .	I decided to make oatmeal for breakfast . I put the package of oats in a bowl . I added a cup of boiling water to it . I let it sit for 5 minutes . And finally , I got to eat it .	PERSON loved oatmeal . He would eat it whenever he could . He packed some oatmeal for school lunch one day . Once arriving at school , he could n't wait for lunchtime . PERSON was happy and full of his oatmeal by the end of lunch period .	I decided to eat oatmeal to lose weight and stay healthy . It tasted awful . I added sugar , cinnamon , butter , candy , marshmallows , and chocolate . The new ingredients made it taste amazing . However , I was shocked when I gained 15 pounds .	Tim always had fruit loops in the morning . One day he ran out of his favorite cereal . He looked all over but could n't find any . PERSON finally broke down and started cooking oatmeal . He grimaced as he finished his breakfast then started his day .
the sleepover	I went to my friend PERSON 's house for a sleepover . All my friends were there . We watched scary movies until the wee hours of the morning . We were afraid to sleep after the movies , so we ate popcorn . I was the first to fall asleep , so my underwear was frozen .	PERSON wanted to go to her friends house for a sleepover . Her mother said she could go and be with her friends . She went to her friends house and they were glad she was there . All of the girls put on makeup and played dress up all day and night . PERSON had a lot of fun and wanted to go back again .	PERSON had some friends stay the night . They were up all night telling ghost stories . They all got scared . They cried and wanted to call their moms . PERSON decided not to have sleepovers anymore .	PERSON invited her friends over . They were going to have one more sleepover before the summer ended . They all brought snacks and games . The next morning , they were exhausted . They had stayed up all night .	The family had a unique opportunity . They were going to sleep at the zoo ! They set their sleeping bags up in a tent outside the lion enclosure . It was creepy to fall asleep hearing the animals . It was a very unique experience .	i had my first sleepover this weekend . All my friends came over to my house to play . We did makeovers and watched movies . We stayed up talking until midnight ! My first sleepover was so much fun !	PERSON met a girl at school . The girl was a little weird . PERSON 's parents said that she should have the girl sleepover . It turned out that the girl was perfectly normal . She and PERSON became best friends .	PERSON had a sleepover at her house one night . They all told ghost stories after lights-out . None of them got scared because they were giggling too much . Then they went to sleep . They all had fun that night .	PERSON had six of her best friends sleep over . After midnight , they decided to sneak out for a walk . They tiptoed behind a neighbor 's house . Suddenly a light went on upstairs ! Squealing , they ran back to PERSON 's house just in time .
birthday gift	PERSON hates basketball . Sherry 's boyfriend PERSON loves basketball . PERSON tries to learn more about basketball to make PERSON happy . For PERSON 's birthday she surprises him with tickets to a game . PERSON attends her first basketball game with PERSON .	My sister-in-law 's birthday was July 27th . She is very fussy . My son asked her for suggestions . At her request , he got a subscription to a soap opera magazine . She was very happy .	PERSON 's grandson was a teenager . She did n't know what to get him for his birthday . He was too old for toys and games . He did n't like the clothes she bought him . PERSON gave her grandson cash .	PERSON really wanted a videogame for his birthday . He told his parents exactly which one he wanted . Unfortunately they never paid much attention . They got him a completely different game . PERSON was upset and never played it .	PERSON loved shopping . She went and got a birthday gift . It was her sister 's birthday . Her sister wanted a gift card . So she got her one .	Today was AJ 's birthday . After cutting cake , his daughter said she had to take him to his gift . Curious , he got in her car . He smiled from ear to ear when he saw . She had surprised him with a MLB game !	PERSON 's birthday was last month . His parents threw him a nice party . There was a table full of gifts . PERSON had trouble opening them all . Luckily I got to help him open them .	PERSON 's mother 's birthday was coming up . PERSON had forgotten about this until the day before it . When he remembered he ran out in a panic to buy a gift . He managed to buy a book just before the bookstore closed . His mother loved the book when he gave it to her the next day .	PERSON was trying to find the perfect gift for her mother birthday . She went to the mall . She went to the farmers market . And she even went shopping online . PERSON decided to just make her mother a birthday gift .
cooking	PERSON wanted to learn how to cook . He bought PERSON PERSON book `` The 4 hour Chef '' . He read the entire book in one week . His first dish was steak and vegetables . His friends loved it so much they asked him to cook from now on .	PERSON wanted to impress his new girlfriend . PERSON decided to take a cooking class . PERSON learned how to make many delicious meals . PERSON cooked for his girlfriend as a surprise one evening . His girlfriend loved the meal and was impressed .	PERSON was cooking dinner for her husband . He came home and lit a cigarette and got out the newspaper . PERSON set the food down in front of him . He did n't even thank her . PERSON decided she was going to get a job outside of the house .	I was cooking some soup when my ladle came apart . I found some super glue in a drawer and glued it back together . After the glue had dried , I tried using the ladle to stir the soup . To my delight , the ladle worked again . I was able to finish making the soup , which I then ate .	I told my wife I was going to make pizza for dinner tonight . I went to the store and got all of the ingredients . When I got home I started making the pizza . I put it in the oven for twenty minutes . When it was done cooking , we ate it and found it delicious !	PERSON did not know how to cook . She decided she wanted to learn . Her mom started by teaching her how to cook rice . PERSON tried and it was a disaster . All she and her mom could do was laugh at the burnt rice .	Tim really hated cooking . He decided to only eat tv dinners . This caused him to have high cholesterol . He got very sick . PERSON decided to only eat healthy meals from then on .	PERSON wanted to host a party . She invited all of her friends . She prepared for the party . She cooked a grand feast . Everyone at the party enjoyed her food .	I began to cook a meal for fifteen people . I started by putting a turkey in the oven . After that , I washed and chopped all of the vegetables . Then , the potatoes went in the pan to boil . Finally , I sat and waited for the cooking timer to go off .
horse	PERSON had a wild horse named Apple . He was determined to climb Apple . He climbed up on her back and they set off at a trot . But soon Apple bucked and PERSON was thrown to the ground ! PERSON climbed to his feet , thankful he had not been injured .	PERSON wanted to learn to ride horses . She joined a horse riding club . On her first day of practice she fell off the horse . She kept practicing for three months on her skills . PERSON is now a well known experienced horse rider .	I took the dog to the vet last week . When we got there , a woman was bringing in a trailer . Inside the trailer was a beautiful quarter horse . We walked up and asked to pet him . She smiled and let us sit on him too .	I was afraid of my granddad 's horse . It was behind a fence . I went in there by myself once . It reared up on its hind legs . I ran away quickly .	PERSON loved horses a lot . She had four of her own horses . One day PERSON wanted to ride her horses . She decided to saddle the horses . After watching videos , PERSON rode her horses .	PERSON and PERSON were neighbors . They were 13 years old and played basketball together . They challenged each other on the court . Their favorite game was horse . PERSON won some , PERSON won some , they had fun playing horse .	I went to my uncle 's farm in the country . He had lots of animals on the farm . My favorite were the horses . I talked my cousin into letting me ride . He put me on the front of the horse while he rode it .	PERSON always wanted to ride horses . He went on a trip to a rural area . He visited a small farm . He asked if he could ride one of the horses . The farmer gave him permission .	The man brushed the horse . The horse liked to be brushed . It would normally stand very still to be brushed . The man hit a sore spot on the horse . The horse reared it 's head in pain .
cats	PERSON loved cats . She decided to purchase five . They became her best friends . She started staying at home all the time . PERSON became a cat lady .	PERSON likes to feed all the stray neighborhood cats . PERSON feels compassion for the homeless animals . PERSON started bringing in cats to her home when the weather got cold . PERSON did not realize how hard it was to take care of indoor cats . PERSON 's house was destroyed by the 30 homeless cats she took in .	PERSON hated cats . Then her sister begged her to take in a foster cat . PERSON grudgingly agreed . Soon she realized she loved the little fur ball ! PERSON had fallen in love with cats !	PERSON never liked cats . So when his sister bought a cat , he became annoyed . But the cat was quiet and passive . And it was n't loud like his neighbor 's dogs . PERSON learned to like cats .	PERSON was studying hard for finals when he heard a meowing . After a half hour , he went to the door and saw the cat . It looked tired , cold and hungry so he let it in . As soon as it was in it bolted to his bed and messed up his sheets . He never let a cat in again after .	PERSON was bit by a cat when he was very young . Since then , he has always been scared of cats . One day at school , a cat came up to him and played with him . PERSON had a lot of fun with the cat . Now , PERSON is not scared of cats .	I never had cats growing up . So I never really knew what to expect when my fiancee had them . The one night the one climbed up on me and layed on my chest . She then started digging her claws into me . She explained they were kneading the bread to get comfortable .	My friend has two cats , and they 're not very alike . The white cat is friendly , but the orange cat is mean . I try to stay away from the orange cat . One day , the orange cat was really nice to me . Over time , even mean cats can warm up to people .	PERSON could n't figure out where his one cat was . They had just painted their living room and a vent cover was off . He thought he heard noises from the ducts but he did n't see anything . He put the cover back on and started to walk away . He then heard more noises and realized that the cat was in there .
grilled cheese	PERSON was homesick . All he wanted was his mom 's grilled cheese . He finally decided to try to make it himself . He bought all the ingredients and tried his best . The result was a perfect grilled cheese just like his mom 's .	PERSON wanted a grilled cheese sandwich for lunch . But he had no cheese . So he drove to the market . PERSON happily drove back home . But then he realized he had no bread .	I made a grilled cheese sandwich . I decided to spice it up with some garlic . The garlic was so strong that it ruined the sandwich . I threw it in the garbage . Luckily , the mice in my kitchen found it delicious .	PERSON had just made a grilled cheese sandwich . Just as he was about to eat it , he got a phone call . He went to the other room to talk . When he came back , his sandwich was gone . He looked around and saw his cat eating his it .	I decided to go on vacation to LOCATION . My friend told me to try an American grilled cheese sandwich . I agreed with him . I went to a cafe in LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION and ordered a grilled cheese . It was not tasty .	PERSON wanted to make a grilled cheese sandwich . He forgot to add butter to the pan . PERSON 's grilled cheese stuck to the pan . His bread turned black . PERSON also set off the fire alarm .	PERSON forgot her key at home . As a result she and her sibling were locked out . After getting in the house she felt bad . She made grilled cheese sandwiches for the kids . She was glad the sandwiches made the kids happy .	PERSON was cooking for her kids . She was making grilled cheese . She carefully melted the butter and then put the sandwiches in the pan . The sandwiches got melty and delicious . PERSON was glad to see the kids chow down .	PERSON loved to eat grilled cheese . As she was cooking one day , she forgot to add butter . As a result her sandwich burnt . PERSON was upset about her sandwich . She never forgot to add butter again .
brother	My brother got home from work . He was covered in dust from the day . He went upstairs to shower . It took him 30 minutes . He came back down cleaned up .	PERSON had always wanted a brother . When he was 6 , his parents adopted a baby boy . PERSON was so happy ! He fawned over the baby every day . As the boys grew , they became best friends .	PERSON got a call from a strange man . He wanted to meet PERSON in person . Curious , PERSON agreed . When he met the man he gaped in shock . They two men were twins , separated at birth !	PERSON 's mom adopted a young boy from LOCATION . PERSON was fully prepared to hate him . Who was he to infringe upon her time ? But soon PERSON found herself enchanted by the young boy . Within a few weeks she was utterly devoted to him !	My brother was coming home after moving out . He moved out awhile ago it 's been awhile for all of us to see him . When he got here he was glad to see all of us . We went out to dinner and had a good time . We were all very glad to see him when he came home .	My brother had been feeling sick all day . My mom called the school and told them he would n't be able to come in . The teacher gave him all the work he needed . My brother began to do the homework but fell asleep . It is a good thing that he did not have school the next day .	I had n't heard from my brother in over a year . The last time we had contact was at Christmas last year . I sent him a text message while I was thinking about him . He did n't respond at all . I finally told him if he wanted to talk , the ball is in his court now .	My brother was in a bad mood . He opened a can of paint . He splashed it on the ground . I told him to clean it up . He refused to clean it up .	My brother and I only lived in the same house until I was 14 . Our parents divorced and we went separate ways . I 've seen him about once every other year since . He lives six hours away and is about to buy a house there . I am glad he is doing well , but I wish I knew him better .
jump rope	Drew is a football player and needs to improve his speed . He runs all the time but it does n't seem to work . His trainer told him to try jump roping every morning . He jumped rope every morning for a month . Both him and the coaches noticed that his speed increased !	PERSON was playing with her jump rope . She skipped a hundred skips . But then her foot got tangled and she tripped ! PERSON landed flat on her back and lay there , dazed . She decided to be more careful next time she jumped rope !	PERSON had a friend named PERSON next door to her grandparents . PERSON and PERSON wanted to play jump rope . They each grabbed one end of the rope . PERSON realized they only had 2 people , but they needed 3 . They decided to jump together side by side with one rope .	PERSON bet PERSON she could not jump rope 100 times without missing . If PERSON could do it , she would get Sue 's bag of cookies . PERSON started jumping . She counted each jump until she reached one hundred . She enjoyed her cookie prize .	PERSON loved to use her jump rope . Her record was one-hundred consecutive jumps . Today , she was feeling pretty good about herself . She tried to have the best jump rope session yet . Before long , she smashed her previous personal record .	PERSON was the best jump roper in the city . She could do amazing tricks . She liked to show off on the playground . One day , she tripped and fell . She was too embarrassed to jump rope after that .	PERSON was not a very athletic boy . He studied very hard in school , but did n't seem to do well in sports . One of his friends suggested he try out for the jump rope team . He tried out and made the team . PERSON turned out to love jump rope and was one of the best on the team .	PERSON 's friend PERSON loved to brag . She told PERSON she could jump rope better than her . PERSON happened to be an excellent jump roper . She took PERSON up on the challenge . She beat her easily , jumping over 150 times before missing .	PERSON had never jumped rope before . PERSON showed her how to jump rope . PERSON practiced for a few hours . Now PERSON and PERSON both can jump rope really well . Next week they are going to enter the jump rope competition .
presentation	The man gave a presentation . He asked for questions from the audience . The audience had a lot questions . The organizer realized the man was a good presenter . He asked him to present at the next convention .	PERSON worked hours making final preparations for his presentation . Everything was done electronically so it made him nervous . He emailed the presentation file to his mailbox for easy access . To be safe , PERSON also saved a copy onto his external hard drive . The presentation was about to begin so he made his way to his office .	PERSON had to do a class presentation for school . Many days were spent rehearsing . On the day of the presentation , PERSON was nervous . He felt self-conscious as he presented in front of everyone . In the end , PERSON received a passing mark on the assignment .	She had a limited time to learn to give a presentation . She received lessons on how to use powerpoint . After she had everything planned , she went to the meeting . She did a great job in the meeting . Her boss offered her a raised after it was over .	Everyone became seated when the presentation started . Several sea mammals were swimming around the water . A huge dolphin bounced high . It splashed into the water afterwards . Everyone , including myself , got soaked .	PERSON had to give a presentation at a conference on a fungus . He was very nervous and drank two glasses of wine before hand . He gave the presentation and thought he did alright . He did n't notice that his sweater was on backwards . He got good reviews on his talk anyway .	PERSON was nervous about an upcoming presentation he had to make . PERSON began watching instructional videos on public speaking . PERSON watched many speeches delivered by respected people . PERSON practiced his speech in front of the mirror many times . PERSON delivered his presentation , and nailed it !	PERSON had never spoken in front of a crowd before . His teacher tasked PERSON with presenting information to the class . Nervous , PERSON worked very hard on the material for the presentation . PERSON also watched YouTube videos of famous speeches . PERSON made a great debut with his presentation !	Harry had a presentation assigned to him at work . He always liked to present . He spent the day making the presentation . He practiced it with his co-workers . They gave a great presentation .
reunion	PERSON and PERSON had been best friends since childhood . They grew apart when each attended a different college . Then , years later , they met by chance at a cafe . They chatted for hours , catching up . When they parted , they both agreed to see each other more often !	Will got a call from a cousin he had n't seen in twenty years . She invited Will to attend a family reunion . Will accepted the invitation . At the reunion PERSON saw relatives he had n't seen since childhood . Will really enjoyed catching up with his relatives .	PERSON had n't seen her father since she was young . She reached out to him and set up a meeting . She was very nervous , but also a bit excited . She met her dad at a local restaurant . PERSON and her dad spent hours catching up and had a great time .	PERSON was meeting her friends at a restaurant . She had n't seen them in years . The women were seated at a table . They ate and drank for hours . The women decided to continue the party at a local bar .	A woman came into the office today . She was looking to by some insurance . The broker recognized her as her old babysitter ! The woman recognized the broker . The broker decided to give her a discount on the broker fee .	PERSON got his invitation to his 10 year high school reunion . PERSON knew he needed to be in better shape for that ! PERSON worked out for an hour every day for four months . He lost 35 pounds before the reunion . At the reunion , everyone told PERSON he looked exactly the same !	Our neighbors PERSON and her son PERSON were away all summer . We had not seen them since June . Yesterday I went outside to read and saw them . They invited me over to their apartment for coffee . I said I was pleased to see them again .	PERSON went to her hometown bar . She saw a lot of people from high school . PERSON did n't like the people that she ran into . PERSON left the bar after a short time . She does n't go to that bar anymore .	PERSON called me up , Monday . He 's going to be in town this week . I have n't seen him since graduation . We 're going to go out to eat and maybe see a show . Hopefully we 'll pick up where we left off .
kittens	I was driving down the road on a very rainy day . Before my eyes , I saw two kittens near the road . I jumped out of the car and grabbed them . I took them home , and started taking great care of them . Two years later , they are healthy , happy cats that I love dearly .	PERSON found five abandoned kittens in an old box on the curb . She waited , but the mother was nowhere to be found . She wanted them but knew she could not afford to keep them . So she took them to the shelter , where the worker smiled at her . He assured her the kittens would all find good homes quickly .	PERSON discovered some kittens in her garage . She looked around for the mother cat but could n't find her . PERSON became worried for the kittens . So PERSON decided to bring them into the warm house . PERSON fell in love with the kittens and kept them .	PERSON likes kittens . PERSON saw a box of kittens at the grocery store . She brought a kitten home . Her family fell in love with the kitten . Now the family is one member larger .	I found out my cat is pregnant . I had no idea why she was making all these funny noises . She would hide a lot under my bed . A friend told me this behavior was of a pregnant animal . I can not wait to see the kittens .	PERSON 's cat was pregnant . PERSON was relieved to learn this . She had believed the cat to simply be getting overweight . The cat eventually gave birth to three kittens . PERSON decided to keep all of them , but to get them fixed .	My husband found some kittens under our woodpile . He dismantled the pile and got them out . He brought them in the house ! I told him we could n't take care of wild kittens . He took them back and the mother moved them .	For her birthday , PERSON 's mother promised her a kitten . At the pet store , PERSON fell in love with a tiny orange male kitten . Her mother wanted one of the females instead , but PERSON insisted . On the way to the register , the orange kitten scratched her badly . PERSON decided to listen to her mother this time .	PERSON 's cat PERSON had 4 kittens . Although she loved the cute kittens she did n't have room for them . PERSON placed a flyer on the board at work in the break room . PERSON received a lot of calls about the kittens . By the end of the week all the kittens had new homes .
the casino	PERSON and her friends went to a casino . She had never been before and did n't think she would win any money . PERSON tried a slot machine and hit the jackpot on the second try . She received a huge payout . That night , she treated her friends to a fancy dinner with the money .	The friends were ready to have a fun weekend . They went to a casino near their homes . They had never gambled before . They lost hundreds of dollars . They decided they did n't like gambling after all .	The couple took a trip to LOCATION LOCATION . They did n't know how to gamble but thought they 'd give it a go . They put $ 100 on the roulette table . The casino employee spun the wheel . The couple won $ 200 !	PERSON had never gambled before . He decided to go to a casino for the first time . He took a budgeted amount . Once he started PERSON kept gambling . He lost more money than he planned .	I am so very mad at myself . I went to the casino last night to play some free bonus they gave me . I ended up spending a lot of money . I am now short on some bills . I will never do that again .	My parents enjoy going to the casino . When I turned 21 they took me with them . I had no luck with the slot machines or betting on the races . My parents made out pretty well and each won a nice sum . Ever since I leave the gambling to my parents .	The couple was on vacation in LOCATION LOCATION . They went to a casino on their first night . They lost a ton of money ! They were so depressed , they left the casino . They spent the rest of the night at the bar .	PERSON was nervous . He 'd just bet $ 1000 on a poker hand . He could barely look at his cards . When he did , he saw he won ! He was having a lot of fun at the casino !	I just moved to LOCATION LOCATION so I 've always wanted to go to a casino . So me and my mom decided on visiting one as soon as possible . We got prepared , and off we went in our car . As we entered all we saw was machine noises and lights everywhere . I sat down , pulled out my wallet and prepared myself to lose money .
piano	PERSON wanted to learn the piano . Her family had a piano downstairs for all her life . She never used it but wanted to learn . One day she asked her mom for lessons , and she gave her them . She learned the piano over the course of a few weeks and enjoyed it !	PERSON , a pianist , moved in next door to me . I thought I would get the chance to hear beautiful music all day long . Unfortunately , PERSON only practiced the discordant parts . Instead of beautiful music , I heard only jarring noises . Every time he plays the piano , I grit my teeth .	PERSON wanted to learn to play the piano . Her brother played piano well . She asked her brother to teach her . Her brother agreed . PERSON eventually became very good at the piano !	PERSON dreamed of being a concert pianist . She took lessons twice a week . She practiced with most of her spare time . She lost a finger in a woodworking incident . She began learning the theremin instead .	I had a very old piano that sounded strange . I called a piano tuner to come take a look at it . The piano tuner told me the piano was ruined and could not be repaired He tried to sell me a new one for a lot of money . I ended up buying one and throwing the old one away .	PERSON thought he was bad at playing the piano . His last lesson was today then he was going to show his friends . When he started playing his head was down , he had no confidence . After he finished , his friends stood up and applauded . PERSON now has confidence to play anywhere and anytime .	PERSON loved listening to the piano . He decided it was his favorite instrument . He wanted to learn how to play . He hired a piano teacher . He learned how to play the piano .	As a child PERSON always wanted to play the piano . When she reached college she took piano classes . She practiced day and night . Her hard worked paid off . Today she is a world renowned pianist .	PERSON was a very skilled piano player . He was so good that he got offers from agents ! He was n't sure about them so he talked to his parents about them . They were n't sure either so he started asking friends . A few of his friends were skeptical so did n't accept the offer !
yard sale	Sue needed extra money . She decided to have a yard sale . She cleaned out her garage and closets . She found a lot of old stuff to sell . She made over $ 500 at her yard sale .	I have too much stuff ! I really need to get rid of some things . I just posted an ad . I 'm having a yard sale . It will be good to have more space .	PERSON decided to have a yard sale . She went through every room in her house collecting things for it . She borrowed some tables from a neighbor and placed the items on it . She bargained with some people but mostly stuck to her prices . She ended up making nearly 300 dollars from selling her own junk .	PERSON wanted to get rid of some of her old items . She decided to put on a yard sale . She got her stuff together outside . Many people came to buy things . She made a thousand at the end of the day .	Six year old PERSON liked going to neighborhood yard sales . One day he decided to have a yard sale of his own . He picked out some old toys he no longer played with . He put the toys on the lawn next to a big sign he had drawn . Several children stopped to look , but no one bought anything .	PERSON loves to look at yard sales . She woke up early on Saturday to go see some . She found an antique dresser for her bedroom . She loves the dresser in her bedroom . Next weekend she will see if she can find a matching mirror .	Frank had always been a bit of a hoarder . He valued his possessions and never wanted to get rid of them . But his wife thought the house was too cluttered . She insisted on holding a yard sale . It was hard for PERSON to let go , but he tried to enjoy the new start .	We went to a community yard sale last week . A friend had recommended that I check out the musical instruments . I saw a few really junky guitars that were way overpriced . As I was leaving , I saw a yard sale across the street with a guitar . It was dirty , but in very good shape for ten dollars , so I bought it !	PERSON was working in his shop and decided he had way too much stuff . While looking through his tools he realized he did not all of them . So he decided to have a yard sale . PERSON made signs and put them up in his neighborhood . The yard sale was a huge success and he has plenty of extra space .
quitting smoking	PERSON had been smoking since he was young . His friends and family begged him to quit . He finally decided to do it . Unfortunately he was n't able to . He kept trying but constantly failed .	PERSON wanted to quit smoking . He tried different methods . None seemed that effective . Eventually he noticed he was smoking less . PERSON took it as a minor victory .	PERSON really wanted to quit smoking cigarettes . He tried many different options . No matter what gums or patches he tried , nothing worked . PERSON realized he just needed to quit cold turkey . It was very hard but he felt better when he quit .	PERSON went to the doctor . He was having problems with his blood pressure . The doctor told PERSON he needed to stop smoking . PERSON eventually quit smoking . His blood pressure went down .	PERSON smoked his entire life . He decided to quite for his health . It was really hard at first . Tim often caved and smoked . After a while it became easier to stop .	Will wanted to quit smoking . It gave him a bad cough . He bought a nicotine patch at the store . Used the patch for a month . He finally quit smoking .	PERSON wanted to quit smoking . In the morning he made a coffee for himself . He got phone call from work . They fired him . He had to go to smoke one cigarette .	PERSON was a pack a day smoker for the last 5 years . He was determined to quit on his birthday . When it was his birthday , he threw out all his cigarettes . He craved cigarettes all week but was able to refrain from smoking . He finally was able to get rid of his cravings after a month .	PERSON had been smoking for 12 years . PERSON decided she did not want to smoke anymore . She collected information on how to quit . She purchased nicotine patches . PERSON was ultimately able to stop smoking .
meat	PERSON the butcher liked to cut meat . He swung his cleaver all day at hanging meat . As he swung , he wondered what it would be like if the meat was moving . Then he heard a person call his name . He brought them their fresh cut prime rib , and then went back to work .	PERSON loved meat . He ordered a burger at a restaurant . The waiter came over with a salad . PERSON was disgusted because he hated vegetables . He yelled at the poor waiter .	PERSON loved to eat meat a lot . In fact , he would eat certain meats almost every day . One day , he wanted to eat some chicken for dinner . When he checked the fridge , he saw it was empty . After that , PERSON rushed to the store and bought some chicken to eat .	I cooked some meat for my girlfriend . Alas , it was undercooked . She got sick and had to go to the hospital . I could n't believe that I made her sick . I became a vegetarian so that I would never again risk someone 's life .	My wife got my son-in-law in the Christmas grab . He is hard to buy for . He does n't like sports . I found out he loves steak . She got him a package of LOCATION steaks .	The man put out some meat . He hid in a tree near by . An animal came to investigate the meat . The man shot it from the tree . The animal collapsed on the meat .	PERSON was watching a documentary on the food industry . The documentary showcased slaughterhouses in one segment . Many scenes were gruesome and made PERSON 's stomach turn . By the end , PERSON felt guilty about the burger he ate for lunch . He decided he would try vegetarianism .	PERSON went to a meat factory . She saw how some of the animals are treated . She decides to change her ways . She becomes vegan . She has since convinced others to do so too .	The bully at school punched me . He gave me a black eye . The nurse gave me a cold steak to put on my eye and soothe it . Alas , the meat infected my eye . My parents sued the nurse and won the case .
leaves	The leaves have begun to change colors . They went from green to red , yellow , and orange . The wind is blowing them off the trees . The temperature , like the leaves , is falling . Autumn is here .	PERSON collected leaves and flowers on nature walks . When he got home , he pressed them between the pages of his diary . One day he picked a pretty , shiny dark green leaf . What he did n't know was that the leaf was poison ivy ! Poor PERSON had to get treatment at his local Urgent Care center !	PERSON liked to sit out back on her patio every evening . One day she noticed that her patio was covered in leaves . She got her rake and raked them into her neighbor PERSON 's back yard . PERSON saw that PERSON had raked leaves into his yard but he was n't upset . PERSON went outside , put the leaves into a bag , and disposed of them .	PERSON did n't like the fall . Every year tons of leaves would fall on his yard . It would be his job to rake them . This year was no exception . The only difference was that it keeps becoming easier as he grows .	PERSON was raking leaves one afternoon . He made a big pile of leaves . PERSON decided jump in his leave pile . When he went inside , his mom noticed he was covered in ticks . She told him to not play in leaves anymore .	PERSON did n't enjoy raking leaves in the fall . She would often hire other people to do it . Sometimes she let the leaves just pile up . But one day she decided to start raking them herself . It was a good therapy release for her after a hard day 's work .	PERSON really wanted to play in the leafs . So she asked her dad if she could . So he went out and raked them all up . She ran out and jumped in them . She loved playing in them so much .	PERSON 's class was keeping a caterpillar . Everyday they would feed it leaves . One day they could n't find their leaves . The janitor thought they were trash and threw them out . Now they had nothing to feed the caterpillar .	PERSON had n't left his home for a couple days . He decided that he needed to go out one morning . When he opened the door , he was quite surprised . The leaves of the trees had changed colors . He wondered how a season could have passed so quickly .
turtle	He came crawling out of the brush slowly . His patient steps bringing him closers to the children . He was a common slider turtle . The children picked him up with excitement . They ran with him to their parents to show them .	My wife loves turtles . One day my son went to LOCATION LOCATION . He spent the day swimming there . He sent us a photo of a turtle waiting for her eggs to hatch . My wife was very pleased to see these photos .	PERSON was very slow . Slow at everything he does . He walks and even runs slow . He walked so slow one day his teacher called him a turtle . The name stuck and everyone calls him that .	I found a turtle in the backyard . We named him after a backyardigan . We now allow him to live back there . We bring him food every day . The kids love visiting our turtle in the yard .	PERSON 's turtle was hungry . He fed him the last lettuce he had . He was at a loss of what to feed him . PERSON gave him some chewing gum . The turtle ate it all up but got sick later in the day .	West had always wanted a pet turtle . The only issue was his mom would n't agree . One day , he found a turtle outside his house . He picked it up and fed it some food . Now , the turtle is living with West .	PERSON wanted a turtle . She researched about them . She decided she was going to buy it . She loved a turtle she found . She kept it forever .	PERSON went to her friend 's house . And he had a pet turtle . PERSON asked her mom to buy her a turtle too . And eventually , her mom gave in . But in a few days , PERSON had no interest in her turtle .	A woman researched turtles . She loved to learn about them . She performed a lot of tests . She reported her studies . She got a lot of recognition .
math test	PERSON has a math test tomorrow . He has not studied at all . When he got to school he tried to study . However , he did not understand at all . He ended up failing his test .	Sue has a math test . She has been studying all week . Sue still is n't ready for her test . When it came time for her test , PERSON got sick . She was glad she could take her test later .	PERSON had a math test . He was not very good at math , or tests . He also had not studied at all . PERSON tried his best but thought he did poorly . A week later , the results came that he had failed .	PERSON was busy studying for her math test . She had a test first thing tomorrow morning . She spent the entire night studying in her room . He was so busy that she forgot to eat dinner . PERSON pulled off an A - on her test the next day .	PERSON needed to take a placement test to enroll in math courses . He has n't taken a math course in seven years . He spent fifty dollars buying a study guide . PERSON took two weeks to study on his math skills . PERSON cheered as he placed out of remedial courses .	PERSON studied all week for her math test . She stayed up studying the cold night before too . The morning of the test , she woke up sick . But she went to school anyway . PERSON 's teacher allowed her to take the test at home .	Sue has a math test on Friday . She has been studying for weeks . She was determined to make a good grade . When she got her paper , she flew through the test . Sue made an A and was proud of herself .	Sue has a math test on Friday . She has been studying for weeks . She knew she was ready . When she got to class , her teacher postponed the test . Sue could not have been more mad after all her studying .	PERSON was horrible at math . He had a math test on Friday . He studied all week but still did not feel ready . When Friday came along , he felt sick . Luckily , he passed .
the tree	There was a tree blocking the sun from my house . I decided to cut it down with my chainsaw . The tree fell the wrong direction and hit my house . Now I have to fix my roof . The good news is there is plenty of sun while I work on my roof .	PERSON planted a tree when she was very young . As she aged , the tree did , too . When she graduated from high school , the tree was twenty feet tall . PERSON moved away a long time ago . When she visited last week , she drove by again to see how tall it is .	The family bought a new house . THey planted an oak tree in the front yard . After just a few years , the tree had grown very tall . They loved the reminder of how long they had been in that house . The tree grew another five feet that year .	There was a large , old tree in the ditch across the street . The tree was an oak , and sloped downward into the ditch . In the tree was a giant hole , and the kids would crawl into it . We called it our treehouse , and we put a board in front of it . One day some younger kids took over our treehouse .	PERSON tree in his backyard was growing to big . So PERSON decided he would cut it . So PERSON went to the store and got himself a chainsaw . PERSON cut the tree down with his chainsaw . PERSON was glad the tree was gone .	PERSON went into the forest to find a tree for wood . He selected a tall oak tree with big branches . PERSON swung his ax at the trunk until it fell . The tree came down with a big crash . PERSON sat on his tree and rested .	There was a bad storm one night . The PERSON family was worried about the storm . Lightning struck , and a tree fell into the garage . There was a lot of damage , but they had insurance . They were grateful no one was hurt .	The family loved Christmas . They always picked out the perfect Christmas tree . This year , they found one that was very tall and full . They took it home and decorated it carefully . When it was all lit up , they stood back to admire it .	The family planted an apple tree in the back yard . Within a few years , they had apples to pick from it ! They would gather them up every few days . The tree started giving them more apples than they could eat . The family started giving them to neighbors .
church	PERSON has not been to church in Years . He finally went with PERSON and PERSON . He loved the preacher and the service . The sermon hit home with him . He agreed that he would go back again .	My Daddy married a woman named PERSON after my mama left him . She turned into a complete Pentecostal religious nut . PERSON said that pants and shorts were sinful to wear . She made me wear long dresses to school , as well as carry a Bible . The other kids laughed , pointing fingers and whispering about me .	One Sunday the PERSON family went to church together . The little kids got bored . They snuck out during the sermon . However they were caught by Mr PERSON . They promised not to do it again .	PERSON had the perfect church home . The one place for peace , praying and gathering as God ask her to . PERSON had been a member for years . The most disturbing thing turn out to be church was not real . PERSON church was busted and she had to find another church home .	PERSON had always gone to church . But as a teen , she stopped going . She began to question religion . Soon she decided how she really felt . PERSON was an atheist .	Christian went to church one Sunday . He was trying to get forgiveness for his sins . The priest took him into the confessional . Christian confessed all his darkest thoughts . After listening , the priest told him there was no hope for him .	The church was in the woods . They took a bus to get there . It was very beautiful . She walked up to the tall glass doors . The walls were entirely made of glass .	PERSON spent too much of her childhood in church . Her parents gave her everything she ever wanted . She was spoiled and a brat . She ended up getting on Christian Mingle and marrying a man . She 's now a mother of 3 at 20 years old .	The man invited his friend to church . His friend did not believe . The man reminded him of the free food . His friend agreed to go . The church was so nice that the friend joined .
blanket	PERSON took up knitting . She decided to knit her mom a blanket . She worked hard on it for weeks . Then she presented it to her mom . Her mom teared up at the thoughtful gift !	My baby has a favorite blanket . She needs it to go to sleep . I lost it on our walk today . She will never sleep again without it . I better go to the store and get another one .	It was cold in my house . I looked for a blanket . The one I found was too small . I found a bigger blanket . I covered myself with the blanket .	PERSON got a blanket for Easter . It was pink and soft . She slept with it every day . One day she left it in a hotel during a trip . PERSON was devastated .	PERSON slept with a security blanket as a baby . Even as she grew older she still kept it near . It made her feel comforted and safe . She took it with her when she left for college . And when she married , she brought it to her husband 's home !	Piper loved the UW Badgers football team . She decided to get a Badgers blanket for her house . At the store , she grabbed a red and white blanket off the shelf . When she opened it at home , Piper saw a Cornhuskers logo . Piper felt silly for purchasing the wrong blanket .	It had been worn down to a few strings . My brother had had it for a couple years . He took it with him everywhere . He called it nanni . It was his security blanket .	PERSON loved his favorite blanket . He got it when he was a little baby . One day , it went missing in his house . He searched everywhere and could not find it . Eventually , he found it in the washer .	My boyfriend in high school was overbearing . He often made gifts for me . One time he took a fleece blanket and made an outline of his body . The finished product looked like he was lying on top of me . My mother was not pleased and would n't let me use the blanket .
online dating	PERSON was feeling lonely . She decided to make an account on an online dating site . After uploading her profile picture , she got lots of messages . All of the messages were lewd or uninteresting . She decided to not use the site again .	PERSON wanted to try online dating . He had heard good things about it from friends who have tried it . He signed up for a free three month trial on a website . He went on a few dates right away . Within a month PERSON went on a date with the girl he would marry !	PERSON met a girl on an online dating app . His friends made fun of him for the way they met . The two met and quickly fell in love . After several months , he asked her to marry him . PERSON now has a beautiful wife !	PERSON was very lonely and started an online dating profile . He met a woman and decided to meet her in real life . When he arrived at the restaurant he saw his neighbor PERSON . He was shocked to see that it was his neighbor he 'd been talking to . PERSON and PERSON got engaged shortly after their first date .	PERSON was n't having much luck dating after her divorce . She decided she would try online dating . She went to a popular site and registered . All the men who contacted her seemed like creeps . After 2 weeks PERSON deactivated her dating profile .	PERSON was having trouble finding girls . He decided to try online dating . Nobody really replied to his ads . PERSON was too shy to start a conversation with others . Online wound up as bad as real life .	PERSON signed up for an internet dating website . He went on a date with a girl named PERSON . PERSON talked the whole time about her ex-boyfriends . PERSON noticed PERSON had a piece of food stuck to her front tooth . PERSON never told PERSON about the food .	PERSON was talking to a man she met on the internet . They went out on several dates . She thought they had a nice time together . She began to worry when he stopped responding to her text messages . LOCATION , although upset , gave up on the idea of that relationship .	PERSON has been striking out with men lately . She has gone on dates that friends have set her up with almost weekly . None of them have yet to work out though . As a last attempt PERSON tried online dating . In a month she found someone that she is now in a relationship with !
going to the movies	PERSON asked a group of his friends to go to the movies . Everyone arrived at the movie theater and chose a movie . After buying tickets , they all bought some popcorn and pop . PERSON and his friends sat in the front row to watch the movie . After the movie was over , they all went home .	My husband and I went to the movies . We drove to the theater . And we bought movie tickets at the box office . Both of us went to the theater . We sat and watched the movie .	I went to the movies last week with my mom . We saw a movie about werewolves . My mom was scared the whole way through . She was so scared that she had her eyes closed the whole time . I did n't think the movie was that scary though .	PERSON and her friend were excited . They were going to see the latest blockbuster . They arrived at the theater and bought some popcorn . PERSON and her friend found their seats . They were very excited as the movie began to play .	The other day I went to the movies with some friends . We could not decide which movie we wanted to see . So we decided to flip a coin . That was a terrible idea , because I lost the coin flip . We did n't see the movie I wanted to but at least I was with some pals .	PERSON met a group of friends at the movies . There were several movies to choose from . They decided on a movie that looked funny . PERSON and her friends had fun laughing together . They made plans to meet for another fun night the next week .	The PERSON Family had lost power for the day . They knew it would n't be back until 11pm that night . The mom thought that she needed to find something for the kids to do . That is when she thought of going to the movies . The kids loved the idea and wanted to go right away .	Every time I go to the movies I get popcorn . Last time I went to the movies I got there a little too late . I was so late that I could n't get any popcorn . The movie was good , but I missed out on having popcorn . I 'll never be late to the movies again .	PERSON and PERSON wanted to see a matinee at the movie theater . PERSON called the babysitter to watch the kids . The sitter had already committed to another job . They decided to bring the kids with them . Everyone enjoyed the movie .
choices	PERSON married when he was very young . Now he had a job , a house , and a daughter who was 5 years old . PERSON decided that he liked other men more than he did his wife . He left her to find his soulmate . Now he sees his daughter twice a year .	I wanted to get some orange juice . I looked at the different options . I thought about getting a fruit juice cocktail instead . I ended up getting a strawberry banana orange juice . I drank it at home and loved it .	PERSON had about $ 50 of spending money . And he spent all day deciding what he should buy online . He added various items to his shopping cart at different websites . And by night time , he began to feel stingy about spending his money . By early morning , PERSON decided to buy a few things he did n't want .	PERSON was deciding whether she should watch a movie . She thought about various movies in her head . And eventually , walked to her DVD collection . PERSON was overwhelmed with choices . So she decided to watch nothing .	PERSON has a job as a car mechanic . He recently has been offered a new job at a with another mechanic . PERSON really likes his current job and does n't know what to do . He decides to flip a coin to make his decision . The coin lands on tails .	PERSON was only 15 when she found out that she was pregnant . She was single and had no idea how to mother , but she vowed to learn . She kept her baby and tried hard to get her GED while working nights . As her child grew , PERSON saw that her sacrifices were all worth it . She had a diploma and a happy , smart , healthy son !	I looked at both flavors of donuts . It was difficult to choose . One was crunch and the other cinnamon . I was in the mood for both . I bought mini versions of both flavors .	PERSON made wings for her friends at a party . Everyone complained that they were tired of hot wings . PERSON went to the kitchen and took out every sauce she had . She put the sauces in small bowls and brought them out . All the friends enjoyed the variety of wing sauces .	PERSON was always a great friend . He would be there for everyone and always answer his phone . But once he got a girlfriend , he stopped responding to messages . He decided his friends were less important . He lost all of his friends .
bubbles	PERSON was babysitting some young children she did n't know very well . She was n't sure how to keep them occupied . She decided to take them outside to blow bubbles . She had bought some with her just in case . They had a blast chasing the bubbles around , trying to pop them .	PERSON overslept that morning . She had to rush her shower to arrive in time at work . As she climbed on the bus , she scratched her head . She found soap bubbles when she retrieved her hand from her hair . As soon as she arrived at work , she cleaned the bubbles away .	PERSON went to the library for story time . The librarian blew soap bubbles for the kids to catch . The bigger boys ran in front of PERSON to catch the bubbles . PERSON started crying . The librarian blew some bubbles just for PERSON to catch .	PERSON and PERSON were swimming at the lake . PERSON felt something in the sand under her feet . Michael dove under the water and pulled out a clam . The clam started spitting water out at them . PERSON and PERSON named the clam Bubbles .	PERSON went to a bar and ordered a club soda . The bartender made a drink and slid it over to PERSON . PERSON looked at the glass and saw no bubbles . He complained that this was not what he ordered . The bartender rolled her eyes and made a new drink .	I bought bubbles to play with the dog . I blew the bubbles outside in the yard . She chased them around , trying to catch them . She snapped at the bubbles as they floated . After she was tired , we went back in the house .	PERSON cautioned his students not to smoke pot . After class , he noticed some kids outside behind the building . He ran outside and suspected them of smoking pot . He tore the object from one student 's hand . It was just bubbles that they were blowing .	PERSON was having a wedding . But she had heard that throwing rice was harmful to birds . She asked her guests to blow bubbles instead . They acquiesced . PERSON was happy with her eco-friendly wedding !	PERSON had just moved into her first apartment . She wanted to wash her sheets but had no detergent . Instead she put in some shampoo from her bathroom . Five minutes into the wash bubbles began foaming over the sides . PERSON learned never to put soap in the washing machine .
coach	PERSON had the best coach in the world . He helped her get better in cross country . He gave her extra tips so she would succeed . Her second year of running she made it to the State meet . The next year she ran at Nationals .	PERSON was the coach of a high school football team . He became ill and had to take a couple months off . His assistant coach took over . The team was undefeated when PERSON was ready to come back . PERSON stepped aside and let his assistant coach the rest of the year	I had a really good coach . He was my football coach . He listened to what the players wanted . We all loved our coach . We then won every game that year !	PERSON wanted to get in shape He decided to pay for a coach . He works out with the coach for a month . He ended up losing 20 pounds . He was happy with it	PERSON wanted to be very good at basketball . She asked her coach how to be better at basketball . He told her that she should practice every day . PERSON took his advice and practiced . PERSON noticed that she had improved at basketball .	The new coach was very young . She talked a lot in his class . He made her move her desk next to his . He wanted to keep a closer eye on her . She still stayed in trouble all the time .	PERSON played basketball as a child . She then also played in college . After college , she was an assistant coach for the college . PERSON applied for the varsity job at her old high school . She got the job and was very happy .	The college team lost their season . The coach got fired . The organization looked for another . They found another coach . They had a great season .	The coach blew the whistle . The team did not stop . He yelled at the kids . The kids would not stop . He quit his job as coach .
the bully	PERSON was picked on in class every day . He never tried to fight back . When he got to high school he got bigger . He started picking on other kids . The smallest ones did n't fight back .	PERSON was a bully in junior high and high school . He signed up with Facebook to laugh at people he bullied . But PERSON had a car accident and his wife and daughter died . Tons of comments for support flooded Facebook . PERSON read the most empathetic words from people he bullied .	PERSON felt awful . A girl in school had been bullying her . She told her mom about what happened . The mom called the principal . The principal punished the bully .	PERSON heard that the school bully was after him . He took a different route home that day . Just before he got to his house , the bully came out of an alley . He began pushing PERSON , calling him names . PERSON 's older brother came by and chased the bully off .	PERSON was scared of a girl named PERSON . PERSON would pick on PERSON so much , he cried . One day , PERSON realized that he did n't want to be scared anymore . PERSON started to practice standing up for himself with his brother . When PERSON saw PERSON next , he stood up for himself .	PERSON was the biggest bully in his class . He would often threaten the other children . A new boy in the school was n't scared of PERSON . He was smaller than PERSON , but he stood up for himself . After he pushed PERSON to the ground , PERSON stopped his bullying .	PERSON was a mean bully . He went to school on a Monday . He challenged PERSON to a fight . PERSON beat up PERSON in self-defense . PERSON wo n't fight anyone ever again .	PERSON was very skinny and shorter than the other kids . PERSON was being picked on by a bully at school . PERSON joined a boxing gym . PERSON trained in boxing and lifted weights . PERSON then fought and beat up his bully .	PERSON did not want to go to school . A bully was always being mean to him . One day PERSON decided to stand up to the bully . When the bully pushed him , he pushed back . The bully was surprised and decided not to pick on him .
facebook	PERSON had been offline for months . She was finally at the library on a computer . She checked her Facebook right away . Her friends had been posting photos of all their fun events . PERSON was upset they seemed not to miss her at all .	PERSON was hesitant to join facebook . She is older and not sure how this would add to her life . She joined and began to add friends slowly . She has learned to post and add pictures a little at a time . She now has reconnected with many of her extended family .	PERSON 's parents got him a new computer for his Birthday . He was very happy with his new computer . PERSON decided to make a Facebook page , but did n't know how . His friend helped him to make a Facebook page . PERSON was pleased with the help his friend gave him .	PERSON loved Facebook . He became addicted to it . He realized he needed to stop using it . He decided to download a program to block Facebook . After a few months he no longer had an addiction to Facebook .	PERSON was spending a lot of time on facebook . PERSON really enjoyed facebook . PERSON was getting poor grades in school . PERSON decided to quit facebook for a month . PERSON 's grades went up during that month , he was happy .	PERSON wanted to increase his overall productivity . PERSON thought about his least profitable actions . He realized he spent too much time on Facebook . PERSON quit Facebook . PERSON saw his productivity increase .	PERSON has a lot of facebook friends . One time , he posts a status insulting his friend . This causes a big scene . Everyone jumped in and defended the friend . He lost some friends from that status .	PERSON saw a really cute friend of a friend on Facebook . He looked over her profile and liked what he saw . PERSON took a chance and sent her a friend request . The girl accepted a few hours later . PERSON and the girl have been exchanging message ever since .	Two years ago , i met this guy on facebook . He send me message first and he wants to get my mobile number . Since i was bored that time , i gave him my number . We started texting and we decided to meet each other . When i first met him he was so sweet and gentleman .
PERSON gets a cat	PERSON has been wanting a new pet . His dog had recently passed away . While in the pet store he sees a pretty cat . He decides to buy it and take it home . PERSON loves his new cat .	PERSON is walking down the street . He notices a meow coming from the bushes . He searches the bush . He finds a little kitty trapped in the bush . He takes it home to be his new pet .	PERSON realizes that his life is increasingly lonely . Other than his trips to the grocery store , he rarely sees anyone . He decides a pet may help him stay happy . PERSON decides to adopt a kitten . Now that he has a cat , PERSON feels much less lonely than before .	PERSON was a kid . He always wanted a pet . His parents told him he was too young . PERSON finds a cat while playing in the yard . He keeps the cat without his parents knowledge .	PERSON had visited the pet store at the mall twice in the past week . There was the cutest kitten there . He finally worked up the courage to ask his mom if he could have it . His mom agreed , and PERSON was ecstatic ! The next day they went together and bought the kitten .	PERSON wanted to get a cat to keep him company . He drove to the pet store on the weekend . At the pet store he saw many cute cats . He bought a black one . Now PERSON is happy with his cat , PERSON .	PERSON was going for a walk outside . She spots a lost cat near a bench . She decides to take him back home and see if she was lost . Weeks went by and nobody claimed the cat . PERSON decided to keep him as a member of her Family .	PERSON was in middle school She loved cats so . Much She begged her mom for weeks for one She did all the chores around the house and anything her mom asked Her mom was appreciative and let PERSON get a cat	PERSON wanted a cat since she was a little girl . PERSON 's mother is allergic to cats , so she could never have one . PERSON waited 20 long years until she finally moved out . After finding her own home she went to the shelter and found a kitten . She brought the kitten home , named her PERSON , and loved her every day .
tooth fairy	PERSON was excited to lose his first tooth . He was more excited when his mom told him the Tooth Fairy would come . He carefully put his tooth under his pillow that night . When he woke up in the morning there was a dollar beneath his pillow . He could n't wait to lose another tooth to get more money .	PERSON lost her tooth . She put it under her pillow . When she woke up she saw something . There was money . The tooth fairy came .	PERSON had just lost a tooth that day . He was very proud and put it under his pillow . At night , he faked to be asleep to catch the tooth fairy . When he saw his mom slip money under his pillow , he smiled . So the mystery was solved : his mother was the tooth fairy !	PERSON went to the dentist . She had a tooth extracted . She asked to keep the tooth . She put it under her pillow . The tooth fairy never came though .	PERSON got a visit from the Tooth Fairy when she lost her first tooth . When she realized she 'd get money for teeth she started scheming . She might have only been six but she was smart . She had a container of shark teeth her grandfather had given her . She put them under her pillow but she did n't fool the Tooth Fairy !	PERSON lost her tooth yesterday . She went to sleep and when she woke up she found something . She got a dollar from the tooth fairy . PERSON was happy and went and bought candy with it . She could n't wait to lose more .	PERSON had her suspicions about the tooth fairy . Why would anyone want someone else 's old teeth ? So when she lost a tooth , she set up her brothers spy camera . When she woke in the morning there was money under her pillow . On the video she did n't see anyone putting it there !	PERSON 's tooth fell out . She placed it under her pillow before going to sleep . In the middle of the night , I placed a dollar under the pillow . She woke up and removed her pillow . She was extremely excited .	PERSON had a loose tooth . He wiggled it with his tongue at school . The tooth fell out at lunchtime . PERSON put his tooth under his pillow that night for the Tooth Fairy . When PERSON woke up the next morning , he found a shiny gold coin .
candy	PERSON loved candy . She ate it every chance she got . When she went to the dentist she had lots of cavities . The dentist told her she needed to stop eating so many sweets . PERSON did n't care and continued getting cavities .	PERSON received a big box of chocolates for Valentine 's Day . She loved them ! She tried to eat them slowly , but they were so tasty she ate them all . The next day , she had a bad stomachache . PERSON wished she had n't eaten all those chocolates !	I have been eating candy ever since my last pay check . Every time I get paid I buy four candy bars . My teeth started to hurt . I went to the dentist . The dentist told me to quit eating candy and to brush more often .	PERSON wanted candy . He decided to go to the candy store . Alas , it was closed for the weekend . PERSON decided to make some candy at home . He tried making candy but burnt the sugar and gave up .	Candy 's mom was a surgeon and she wanted Candy to be like her . She frequently said how proud she 'd be if Candy followed in her steps . But Candy cared only for animals - she loved them so dearly . Then the women realized there was a way for both to be happy . Candy decided to go to college to become a veterinarian !	PERSON loves candy . He eats it all the time . He went to the dentist . He had lots of cavities . His mom said no more candy !	PERSON was at school . But he had nothing to eat . So I got candy from a vending machine . But he felt terrible during class . PERSON decided to bring his own food the next day .	PERSON loved eating candy . One day he bought a three pound bag . He ate it all . His tummy hurt very bad . He learned he should never eat just candy again .	PERSON keeps a giant bowl of candy on her desk for her co workers . Buying so much candy gets very expensive ! Halloween passed and all the candy was on sale . PERSON bought enough candy to last for months . Her coworkers were so excited for all the new treats !
the poker game	PERSON was playing poker with friends . He had never played before . He did terrible and lost every hand . He was out of the game very quickly . PERSON figured the game was n't for him and did n't play again .	Every Friday PERSON 's boyfriend played poker with his buddies . One day PERSON decided she wanted to learn how to play poker . Her boyfriend offered to teach her . She was a quick learner and had a knack for the game . That Friday she attended the weekly game and won the jackpot .	It had all come down to this . PERSON had survived the entire tournament up to this point . The river cards fell . He went all in . PERSON won the big poker tournament .	PERSON was a great poker player . He had been playing for years . He entered a tournament at a casino . PERSON easily won with little trouble . He went on to have a successful career as a professional poker player .	Two brothers enjoyed playing penny ante poker . During one game they both had very high hands . They both bet all the money they had on the hand . After the hand they got in a fight . They never played poker again .	There PERSON sat , waiting to play his cards . He was at his buddy PERSON 's house . Only PERSON and PERSON were left in the hand . PERSON drew his last card and laid them down . It was a full house and he won the game .	The neighbors decided to get together to play poker . They did n't really know how to play , so PERSON gave them a quick lesson . They all started playing and PERSON won every round ! They discovered that she had hustled them . She actually was a great poker player .	It was the last hand in the poker game . PERSON placed a dollar bet . PERSON saw PERSON ' bet and raised him fifty cents . All the other players decided to fold . Ultimately , PERSON 's strong hand won against PERSON ' weaker cards .	The guys got together to hang out . They decided to play poker . They all put in $ 20 . PERSON lost all the money very quickly . They decided to bail him out and let him keep playing .
exercise	PERSON feels he should exercise more . He goes to the sporting good store and buys an exercise bike . PERSON puts the exercise bike in front of the TV . Jason changes into exercise clothing . PERSON uses the exercise bike while he watches TV .	PERSON decided she needed to get in shape before the summer . She began running every morning . She also began eating better . Sue started seeing a difference . She was ready to sport her bikini body .	PERSON just became a personal trainer . He was looking to take on clients to make some money . He started a website to promote himself . Things started slow but he eventually built a good client base . PERSON now has over twenty clients !	PERSON had gained weight recently . She decides to get in shape by rowing . PERSON is very diligent and rows more than an hour everyday . Soon , her back hurts so much she ca n't move . After recovering , PERSON learns to take things more slowly .	I was getting fat . My doctor told me I needed to exercise . I decided to run the boston marathon . I trained for nine months . Eventually , I ran the marathon and I had lost lots of weight .	PERSON had to miss a few days of exercising because of an illness . When she was able to return , her muscles felt stiffer . She asked her instructor for help since she was n't performing as well . Her instructor showed her stretches she could practice . After a few days , PERSON was back in her best shape and felt great .	PERSON went to a party with friends and had a few drinks . He claimed that he could hold his body vertically from a sign pole . Goaded on by his mates PERSON gave it a go , and fell on his side . Waking up with bruises PERSON realized how out of shape he had gotten . That day PERSON went to the gym and got a membership to start working out .	PERSON was in a bad mood . So he decided to exercise . He drove to a track and ran a few laps . And his mood was much better . So PERSON decided to run every week .	I wanted some exercise . So I grabbed my bike . I filled the tires . I oiled the chain . The I remembered the three feet of snow outside .
summer camp	PERSON wanted to go to summer camp . PERSON 's step mother told her she had to stay home that summer to babies PERSON told her dad that it was n't fair for her to be forced to babysit PERSON 's dad agreed that it was unfair . PERSON signed up for camp .	PERSON was apprehensive about summer camp . She was nervous about so many strangers . After the first day there she started to loosen up . By the end PERSON did n't want to go back home . She always cherished her summer there .	PERSON begged his parents to send him to summer camp . Finally they agreed . PERSON was ecstatic , sure he 'd love it . But when he arrived , he was instantly very homesick ! He spent the whole time waiting to return home !	Jared could n't wait for summer vacation . He was going to attend his first summer camp ! He day dreamed about all of the activities . When he was actually there , PERSON was surprised ! It was as thrilling as he pumped it up to be .	PERSON was visiting summer camp for the first time . He was nervous that he would n't make any friends . He was sitting in the mess hall his first morning eating breakfast . To his delight , a group of boys invited him to sit with them . Soon he was close friends with all of them and loving it .	PERSON loved summer camp . He went every single year and had a great time . Eventually he got too old to go to summer camp . He was sad because he would miss it . He was able to become a camp counselor and continue going forever .	PERSON 's parents sent her off to sleepaway camp . The first night there , she was so homesick she could n't sleep . As the days went on , PERSON started to make friends . She had so much fun with them that she never wanted camp to end . When it was finally time to leave , she was sad to go home !	I went to summer camp for the first time . I was very nervous and anxious . I did n't feel I would connect with anyone or make friends . Then I met PERSON while practicing a play . PERSON and I have been great friends all summer .	We went to this fun summer camp as kids . They had horseback riding and baseball and water sports . We would play all day and have so much fun . The one time I fell off the horse though and got hurt . But I did n't let it deter me from getting back on and always have fun .
chocolate	PERSON bought three chocolate bars in the store . She came home and opened one bar . She found out the chocolate did not taste good . She did not notice the old date on the package . The next day she took it back to the store .	PERSON loved chocolate but was trying to lose weight . She looked for recipes that were low fat with cocoa . She found a great lowfat chocolate muffin recipe . She made a batch , but it turned out horribly . She decided to just eat a few pieces of dark chocolate instead .	The man broke off a piece of chocolate . He put it in his coffee . It was not sweet enough . He threw the coffee away . He went to a coffee shop and ordered a mocha .	PERSON loved chocolate . PERSON was her boyfriend . PERSON decided to buy her a lot of good chocolate . She was very appreciative of the thoughtful gift . They went on to get married and live happily ever after .	PERSON had a fierce craving for chocolate . She searched the house for sweets . Every place she had stashed candy was empty . PERSON went to the store and bought more chocolate . As she ate her treat she decided to hide the rest better next time .	Carry wanted some chocolates . So Carry drove to the store to get chocolate . Carry got lots of chocolate bars . Carry got home and turned on her TV and eat her chocolate . She was so glad she got the chocolate .	PERSON loved chocolate . So she bought three bar of them from the market . When she got home , she took the chocolate to her desk . And he began to eat it . It was some of the best chocolate she ever had .	PERSON was eating chocolates . She ate a great deal . Her husband came home from work . She then remembered what day it was . She ate all of the chocolates she bought him for Valentine 's .	I loved chocolate . I decided to make chocolate . I accidentally dropped some cocoa on the floor . My dog ate it . He got poisoned and died .
couch	PERSON needed a new couch . Hers was old and smelly . She finally found the one she wanted . She sold her old one and bought the new one . The new couch looked perfect in her house .	PERSON loved his couch a lot . He would sit on it for hours every day . One day , his couch collapsed . This was a big issue as it was his only couch . PERSON rushed to the store and was able to buy a new couch .	PERSON had been independent since 18 . At 32 he lost everything , his house , his wife , and his job . He was now moving back into his parents house . He now had to sleep on the same couch he watched cartoons on . PERSON found a new job and moved out within four days .	PERSON had a very big red couch . He sat in it almost every day . One day , the couch broke one of its leg . PERSON had to rush to the store . Finally , PERSON was able to sit on his couch .	PERSON was at her mom 's house out of town . She decided she would sleep on the couch . But the couch was soft , and sunk too low . She tossed and turned all night . It was the worst sleep of her life .	PERSON 's couches were torn and beat up . So she wanted a new one . She went to the store and found a nice couch . She bought it and got help from her son 's to put it in her house . PERSON loved her new couches .	PERSON needed new couch for his home . He visited the store to buy a couch . The associate worked with him to pick out an affordable one . The couch was delivered to PERSON 's house on Sunday . PERSON watched TV blissfully on his new couch .	PERSON needed a new couch . Her old one was ragged and ripped . She went to the department store and browsed . Then she found the perfect couch ! She had it shipped to her home right away .	The man put a plastic cover on his new couch . The cover kept the couch clean . Guests did not sit on the couch . One of the guests complained about the plastic . The man took the plastic cover off his couch .
the bike ride	PERSON bought a new bike . He decided to try it out . At first he was just planning on going around the block He was having too much fun . PERSON decided to enjoy the moment longer and ride more .	The family would go on bike rides every evening . Sometimes they would go around the block . Other times , they 'd go many miles . They always wore helmets and used flashing lights . They enjoyed their family time together .	PERSON always wanted to ride a bike . She never learned how growing up . Her boyfriend agreed to teach her . PERSON was a quick learner . They were riding around together within minutes .	PERSON wanted to get in better shape . She decided to start bicycling . On her first ride she almost fell twice . She kept going and got better . Eventually she entered a race .	It was a beautiful day when PERSON woke up . He decided to go on a bike ride . He rode for three hours but became really tired . PERSON knew he could n't ride back home . So , he found a bus stop and took the bus back to his house .	PERSON decided to go for a bike ride . He got on his bike and took off down the street . The road until he got to the edge of town . He realized how tired he was and turned around to go home . PERSON got home and was exhausted .	It was a beautiful day and PERSON wanted to enjoy it . So , she decided to go on a bike ride . PERSON was going pretty fast on her bike . Suddenly she fell off . PERSON got a pretty badly scraped knee .	PERSON and his friends decided to go bike riding one day . On the ride , PERSON crashed his bike into a tree . He touched his knee to find out he had scraped it . Luckily his friend PERSON brought a first aid kit . PERSON put a BandAid on his knee .	One day , PERSON was riding her bike down a steep hill . Right before the bottom of the hill , PERSON tried to stop . However , she was going too fast ! PERSON 's bike crashed at the bottom of the hill . Now , PERSON remembers to be more careful when she rides her bike .
divorce	PERSON had been married for eleven years . But she and her husband always fought . They had stayed together while their kids were small . But now their youngest was nine , so they divorced . PERSON and her ex ended up much happier .	PERSON and Nic were Catholic and did not believe in divorce . But after 12 years of marriage , the strain was great on both of them . They gave it one last chance-they went to counseling . There , they spoke to an impartial therapist , who offered novel ideas . PERSON and Nic were able to use his tips to improve their marriage !	PERSON was very mean to his wife . He took her for granted and insulted her . His wife called him and told him she wanted a divorce . PERSON cried and begged for forgiveness . It was too late and he could not change her mind .	PERSON did n't love his wife anymore . He had fallen in love with his neighbor instead . As soon as he had the chance , he asked for a divorce . He kicked his wife out of the house . And he married his neighbor the year after .	PERSON filed for divorce . His wife refused to sign the papers . PERSON had the papers served professionally . His wife felt intimidated . She signed the papers the next day .	She asked him for a divorce . At first he told her no . She told him she would have him arrested if he did n't leave . He told her she was exactly like his ex wife . She decided that was the final straw and kicked him out .	PERSON got married . His wife yelled at him a lot . PERSON 's sister said , you do n't have to take that . PERSON hired a lawyer . PERSON got a divorce .	PERSON had a miscarriage . Her husband PERSON tried to be supportive . But PERSON got more and more depressed . She did not want to stay with PERSON anymore . They divorced .	PERSON and PERSON were married . They did not have a happy marriage . They tried to fix the marriage but they could not . They decided to get a divorce . Both PERSON and PERSON were much happier after the divorce .
plane	Tintin flew a plane to a clearing in the woods . He landed it and got out . He felt the cold sting his cheeks . He looked at the run down cabin in the distance . His father had been here , but had long ago left .	PERSON had to take a business trip for work . PERSON was looking forward to the new experience . PERSON had never taken a business trip before . PERSON had fun on the plane . PERSON completed the business trip and had a great time .	I had a meeting in LOCATION LOCATION . I took a taxi to the airport . I purchased a plane ticket . There was a long line of people to get on the plane . I boarded the plane .	PERSON was going on her first plane ride . She was heading to her first job in LOCATION . She was afraid at first . But when she got on the plane she was pleasantly surprised . Flying , she found , was actually delightful !	PERSON was on a plane He had the middle seat . He was upset but listened to music He ended up falling asleep He woke up when the plane landed	The plane landed . It 's door got stuck . The people on board could not get off . The people on board complained loudly . The flight crew tried to keep them calm .	The man got on the plane . He sat down next to the window . Someone said that he was in their seat . The man checked his ticket . The man moved to his correct seat .	PERSON was preparing for a business trip . He was scared of flying . Once he got on the plane he was nervous . The person sitting next to him was a meditation instructor . This person helped to calm PERSON down , and PERSON enjoyed the flight .	PERSON had never flown on a plane . Her boyfriend moved across the country . She loved him and did n't want him to leave . She cried and cried . She decided she was brave enough to get on a plane .
home	PERSON and PERSON had been wed for six years . They wanted a home of their own , despite high costs and few savings . They decided to buy several acres of land and build their own home . After they signed the deed , PERSON called a few reliable acquaintances . Then they got their tools together and made a small , cozy home !	PERSON wanted his own house but did not have the money to buy one . PERSON did own a couple of acres of wooded land . PERSON drew up his dream home plans and set out for the land . PERSON spent the next few years cutting down trees and working . Three years later PERSON drove to his land to live in his own house .	The boy was home alone . He thought he heard a noise . He called his mom . His mom told him to lock up the house . That made the boy more afraid .	My friend came to visit . She wanted to go out . I asked if she wanted to meet my brothers . I was in trouble that night . I did n't find out why until the next day .	PERSON loved staying indoors , she rarely left her home . She often broke down in public places minutes after leaving her house . She was diagnosed with social anxiety and needed medicine to go out . She finally decided to see a shrink about her debilitating condition . She got better within days and now shops for herself every day .	PERSON was ready to buy his first home . He applied for a credit check so he could get a mortgage . When the credit report came back , he was cautious . He did n't know his credit score , so he opened it nervously . But then PERSON saw that his credit score - was excellent !	PERSON was very healthy and responsible . PERSON came home from work and took out the trash . PERSON accidentally cut himself on a piece of glass . The glass was protruding from the garbage bag . PERSON came back inside and cleaned and tended to his wound .	She took the baby home in his preemie clothing . She wrapped him in lots of blankets . She moved his crib into the sunlight . She watched him every day as his skin yellowed . She knew in her heart he was becoming jaundiced .	PERSON was 18 and wanted his own place . He began working as a dishwasher to save cash . He worked for a whole year . Finally he had enough to put a deposit on an apartment . He soon found a great , affordable place to call home !
bully	PERSON got her lunch from the line and sat down . Several people came and sat around her . They started at LOCATION with an angry grin . Afterwards , PERSON was pushed out of her seat . They also poured milk over her head .	PERSON was a kind young child . PERSON was picked on by a bully at school . PERSON asked his father what to do . PERSON 's father taught him self defense . PERSON used his self defense skills to never be picked on again .	One day , a bully was being mean to my friend . He was calling my friend mean names and I got angry . I stepped in between and told the bully to back off . By chance , he actually listened to me ! My friend thanked me for my courage and I was so proud of myself !	PERSON PERSON was very skilled at his role . Unfortunately , he was also very opinionated , and liked to argue . This made people naturally dislike him , despite him being right . PERSON thought that maybe he should become kinder and gentler . Ultimately though he decided to give middle fingers to all the haters .	A bully named PERSON wanted to fight PERSON . PERSON waited for PERSON near her bike . PERSON tried to get on her bike and leave . PERSON pushed her and began yelling at her . PERSON sat on the ground stunned and unsure what to do .	I was bullied in high school . I had one bully in particular . She terrorized me almost everyday in school . I finally stood up to her , and it felt great . I learned so much about myself after that experience .	My son was bullied at school . I told him to tell his teacher . He would not tell on the bully . The bully pushed him into a locker . My son punched him in the face .	PERSON was sick of the bully PERSON torturing him in his high school . He wanted to find a way to end it all and punish the bully as well . PERSON thought of many solutions and finally realized one . He decided to set a camera where the bully would beat him up . When PERSON beat him up , he finally had footage to take the bully down .	PERSON was being bullied in school . He always ran home crying . Then one day he decided to face up to his bully . He turned and stood his ground bravely . To his shock , his bully turned and fled !
the dentist	The dentist was opening a new office . It would have a beautiful lobby area . The exam rooms would also be high-tech and very nice . At the ribbon cutting ceremony , the dentist spoke . He said he was really proud to be part of the community .	PERSON woke up with a toothache . PERSON called his dentist . They scheduled him for that afternoon . At the dentist , PERSON learned he had a bad tooth . The dentist removed the bad tooth .	PERSON had a toothache . He went to the dentist 's office . The dentist looked at his teeth . PERSON was put under anesthesia . He woke up with three of his teeth missing .	I had an opportunity to go to the Dentist . There is a Dental School in my town , with student practitioners . One of my teeth broke and needed a cap . The kid who ground my teeth away was drunk in the operating room . I ended up calling a real dentist for such difficult work .	PERSON hated going to the dentist . He avoided going for ten years , but then he got a toothache . When he could n't stand the pain anymore , he finally went . The dentist put him to sleep and took care of everything . PERSON realized the dentist was not so bad after all .	When I was 10 I had to go to the dentist . I did not like the visit to the dentist and cried the whole time . Then later my mom told me we could go to the game store . I thought it was taking longer than it should . My mom pulled up in front of the dentist 's office .	PERSON was afraid to visit the dentist . He needed his teeth clean . PERSON made several appointments that he cancelled at the last minute . While jogging , a beautiful woman spoke to him as he passed by . The next day while jogging , Fred smile with pearly white teeth .	PERSON was eating popcorn at the movie theater . She got an extra large bucket to share with her friends . As she was biting into a piece of popcorn , she heard a crack . She had chipped her tooth on a hard kernel . Karen went to the dentist the next day to have her tooth repaired .	PERSON was having pain in her mouth . She went to the dentist to find out what was wrong . She had four cavities that needed to be fixed . PERSON braced herself for the treatment . She was relieved it was over .
first job	Jelly needed some extra spending money . So she decided to go and get a job . The mall was hiring so she head right over . When they saw her they were excited to meet her . They hired her on the spot .	PERSON was a recent college graduate . Unfortunately , she was not able to find a job in her field . She was very nervous about making money to pay off her student loans . She applied to jobs everywhere and worried she would never get a job . Finally , a ballet company called her back and PERSON was very happy .	PERSON was hired to work at PERSON 's . She was excited since it was her first job . As she waited for the trainer another new employee entered . She was happy not to be the only one in training . PERSON felt this job was the beginning of her adult life .	PERSON looked everywhere to find his first job . He applied to many different places , but no one was hiring . He was discouraged , but applied to a Subway near his house . A week later , he had an interview with the general manager . The next day , the manager called to offer him the job !	PERSON was a high schooler who was searching for his first job . He submitted five different applications to businesses that were hiring . A local restaurant called PERSON to schedule a job interview . PERSON was nervous , but he performed well throughout the interview . The manager of the restaurant offered him a job the following day .	PERSON started his very first job today ! He is a cashier at a local bakery . He meets a lot of people through work . It makes him happy to meet more people around his town . He 's planning on keeping this job for awhile .	PERSON graduated from college last fall . PERSON felt uneasy about the job market and his prospects . PERSON went to his first job interview shortly after graduation . PERSON put his best foot forward and dazzled the hiring manager . PERSON got the job !	As i graduated from college , i decided to find a job . As a starter , i find a simple job . Then i applied for sales associate . I was hired because of my ability to interact with people . I loved doing that job that 's why it took years before leaving it .	Candy got a job at a local fast food joint . However , the job made her feel very stressed out and sad . She put in applications for a new , different job . She was called in for an interview at an animal shelter . PERSON got the job and felt happier working with animals .
getting lost	A boy and his family were going on vacation . They were driving on the road to their destination . The family stopped at a gas station for snacks . While getting back in the car , they forgot the young boy . A few minutes later , the parents noticed and reclaimed the child .	PERSON was out walking one night by himself . After a while he realized he did not know where he was any more . He looked around for landmarks but did n't see anything familiar . Then he remembered he had his phone . He used the mapping app on his phone and found his way home !	PERSON and PERSON went for a walk in the woods . They thought they new the area well . Soon , they realized they did not know where they were . PERSON and PERSON wandered for a long time looking for anything familiar . Finally , they heard their parents calling them to safety .	One weekend PERSON decided to go for a hike . He realized he had forgotten the map and quickly got lost . After a few hours , PERSON started to panic . He called out for hours until somebody came and helped him . From then on , he never forgot a map !	My Dad was attending a school for the blind in LOCATION . My sister went to visit him . She took him out to eat to a place they 'd never been . Driving back , she became lost . My Dad gave her directions and they made it back to the school !	PERSON had just gotten her driver 's license . It was her first time driving by herself . Without her mother 's help , the winding roads quickly confused her . She knew she was lost , and pulled over to ask for directions . The clerk at the gas station guided her on her way .	Frank wanted to go camping with friends . Nobody went with him . He decided to go by himself . Unfortunately he got lost getting to the campsite . Frank had to call for help and get saved .	PERSON was out hiking with friends . It became cloudy and dark . They eventually realized they got lost . PERSON was able to find the trail back . Everyone was tired but grateful .	PERSON was hiking with friends . He thought they knew where they were going . They thought they were following PERSON . They all wound up getting lost . It took them hours to find their way back .
bag	She left the bag in the bathroom . She had set it on the floor . She forgot where she put it . She looked everywhere for it . She finally found it .	The cat start eating the handles off of a plastic bag . The next day we saw that they had trouble passing it . We had to take them to a vet to help us . The bill was very expensive . We were very upset at the cat .	My little cousin was very tiny for her age . For fun , we put her in a bag and swung her around . She loved it , and begged for more . Our parents yelled at us to be careful . She laughed so hard she was in tears .	The man put his groceries in a bag . He walked to the car . On the way to the car the bad broke . His groceries spilled on the ground . The man scrambled to gather his groceries .	PERSON had a hobby of collecting bags . She enjoyed the different designs . One day she saw a unique bag . It was in an expensive store . PERSON bought the bag for lots of money and was happy !	Last week my wife left her lunch bag at work . She did not want to wait until Monday to get it . She drove down on Sunday . I went along for the ride . We ended up buying ice cream cones .	She needed a new makeup bag . She went to the makeup aisle . She found a very pretty one that she liked . It was pink and had glitter in it . She purchased it happily .	PERSON was in the market for a new backpack . He researched many different bag styles online . He found a backpack he really liked . It was very expensive so he was hesitant . He decided to purchase it .	The man found a bag on the ground . He looked inside . It was groceries . He brought them home . He made his wife dinner with them .
math	PERSON needed to improve her math skills . She contacted the campus tutoring office and asked for help . A tutor came to PERSON 's dorm and offered to assist her . PERSON worked very hard with the tutor for several weeks . PERSON aced her math final exam !	PERSON was doing bad in math class . She knew she was in danger of failing the course . She decided to study math every night for at least an hour . Soon her constant studying began to pay off . By the next semester , PERSON 's math grade was a B + !	My daughter was terrible at math . As her teacher , I despaired she would ever learn to multiply . We took a year and did a computer math game to help . She loved the game and played it many times each week . At the end of the year , she knew how to multiply very well !	PERSON was a college student . She did her best but failed her math exam . She studied long hours and did not understand . She decided to go to the campus ' math lab . She learned a new way to think from the tutor and improved her grades .	PERSON fell behind in his math class . He could not understand what they were learning in class . His parents decided to hire a private tutor . He spent three hours learning with his tutor twice a week . After a month , PERSON is already ahead of his class .	PERSON wanted to pass math class really bad . She made a C on most of her tests . She sat in the front row . She kept a smile on her face . She was able to pass it .	A man desired to improve his math skills to get better grades . His school work challenged him very much so he worked hard . He practiced everyday for one hour per day . He saw his math skills improve . He saw his test scores improve .	PERSON was bad at math . He tried studying , but to no avail . Then his mom hired a private tutor . She helped PERSON study after school each day . With her help , PERSON improved his grades dramatically !	I hated math when I started college . I had always made bad grades in it . I worked really hard at teaching it to myself . I ended up with an A in the class . My classmates were very surprised .
soda	PERSON loves Diet Coke . She and her husband decide to have a baby . Sadly , she can not drink Diet Coke while pregnant . PERSON endures her entire pregnancy without Diet Coke . When her baby is born , she happily enjoys a large Diet Coke .	PERSON 's mom stopped the car at a gas station . PERSON purchased a soda . But she could n't drink it in the car . She decided to sneak and drink the soda . She opened it quietly so that her mom would never know .	The soda hit the ground hard . She sighed in frustration that she had ruined it . Picking it up , she put it back in the car . Later she went to get a soda . She forgot , and it fizzed all over her .	I really hated drinking soda . The bubbles were so annoying to drink . When I bought a can of soda , I decided to shake it up . This made the bubbles eventually disappear . Now I could enjoy my soda .	PERSON was trying to cut down on her sugar . She decided on an easy way to do it . She would just replace her soda with water ! It turned out to be a lot harder than she had expected . But eventually PERSON succeeded with her plan !	PERSON had a decaying tooth . He went to the dentist to have it extracted . The dentist told him not to drink any soda . PERSON only drank soda though , rarely water . After a couple days he was worried why his pee was n't yellow .	I drank a soda too late . It kept me up for several hours . I thought about drinking another . I pulled it out from the fridge . I decided to put it back .	I went to buy a soda today . They had so many different types . I bought my soda . My soda was cold . I drank my soda .	Drew chugged an entire two liter of soda . It was n't long before he felt sick to his stomach . He ran to find the nearest bushes . He bent over , so nobody could see what came next . Drew threw up every ounce he had chugged .
the library	They had a fun event at the library the other night . They had a reptile place come . They did a show and touch with the animals . They had a lot of exotic animals there . It was a really cool show .	The library down the road was full of books . The little boy loved to visit it . One day he discovered a section full of antique books . He visited every day to read those antique books . The little boy grew up to be the librarian .	Jan needed to read a book for class . She did not own the book , so she went to the library . She was confused about where to look so she asked the librarian . The librarian looked the book up in the system and found it for her ! Jan checked the book out and took it home for her assignment .	The new library was set to be unveiled . The college had been working on it for 3 years . All of the students and faculty were excited to see it . The day arrived and the doors were opened . Everyone agreed the new library was beautiful .	PERSON grandparents had no internet . She was desperate to check her Facebook . She begged her grandma to go to the library . Grandma was busy and just could n't take her . Finally grandma gave in and took PERSON to the library .	The library in my town is having a lot of activities coming up . You have to go on their website to sign up . The kids will have a lot of fun . I signed up for a few of them . I will go with you to them .	PERSON loved going to the library . Last Friday he was there reading a great new book . A couple of kids went in and started making noise . Finally PERSON lost it and yelled at them to be quiet . He was asked to leave by the librarian who heard him .	One day PERSON went to the library . PERSON picked up five books . She also got some copies of Vogue magazine . Then she checked out . She returned the books five weeks later .	PERSON went to the library . She had a goal of borrowing five books . When she got there , she found a table that had the latest releases . Instead of getting five books , PERSON borrowed ten . PERSON then went home and read the books all within a week .
house fire	While PERSON was at work , her apartment burned . The fire had started with a cigarette in the apartment below hers . Luckily , she had bought renter 's insurance the prior month . The insurance replaced all of her things . But it could not replace certain articles of sentimental value to her .	PERSON was on vacation . He got home to find it on fire . Everything burned down . Luckily PERSON had good insurance . He was able to get a lot of money back .	A woman accidentally left a candle burning in her house . She left the house for the day , and the candle was tipped over . The house caught fire . Luckily , because she was not at home , the woman was not hurt . Still , she 's very sad to have lost her home .	PERSON fell asleep one night but woke to a nightmare . Flames were all around him , everywhere ! Suddenly a fireman pushed into the room and picked him up . He carried PERSON out of the house and dumped him on the lawn . The fireman had saved PERSON 's life and extinguished the fire .	After PERSON placed the chicken in the oven , she closed it . Since she forgot to remove the mitten from the oven , it got burned . In addition , it started a fire . PERSON took a fire extinguisher and started to take out the flames . It ended up growing and she had to call the fire department .	PERSON was ironing his clothes one day . He touched the hot iron on accident and dropped the iron . When the hot iron hit the floor , the carpet burst into flames . PERSON ran outside of the house and called 911 . The fire department arrived shortly after and put out the fire .	PERSON had just bought a new house for his family . He noticed smoke coming from his neighborhood . When he drove up his house was on fire . His family made it out safe . Unfortunately the house was destroyed .	The PERSON family fireplace got out of control one day . Everyone evacuated . The fire truck came and sprayed water onto the house . Most of their things could be salvaged . They were able to move back in again .	PERSON awoke to what he thought was the beeping sound of his alarm . When he tried to turn it off , however , it just kept beeping . He realized it was actually the smoke detector going off . He smelled smoke and noticed that the room was hot and stifling . He raced outside , thankful that the smoke alarm had alerted him .
fleas	Fleas everywhere ! The dog brought them inside the house ! They were biting and itching and making everyone miserable . PERSON bought flea soap , poison , and a pill for the dog . It took work and diligence , but PERSON exterminated them all !	PERSON is a pitbull . Her owner is PERSON . PERSON found fleas on Penny . PERSON got a flea bath from PERSON . Now PERSON does not have fleas .	PERSON was given a used bed . It was loaded with fleas ! PERSON 's dad carried it outside in the cold night . It sat out there all night . In the morning , all the fleas were frozen !	PERSON 's dog was always scratching . PERSON believed her dog had seasonal allergies . One day a visiting friend pointed out a flea on the dog 's back . PERSON called the vet and got a prescription for a flea preventative . Within 24 hours of taking the pill , the dog had stopped scratching .	PERSON 's cat was named PERSON . PERSON had fleas . PERSON went to the pet store to get flea medicine for PERSON . The pet store was out of medicine . PERSON still has fleas .	PERSON was petting his dog . He saw a speck moving around on the dog 's head . Then he saw a thousand specks . Oh no , PERSON thought . He drove to the petstore and bought some flea medication .	My dog loves to run in the woods . One day I noticed he was scratching himself a lot . It turned out that he had fleas . We had to give him a special treatment to get rid of the fleas . He is better now and loving life .	PERSON saw that his dog was scratching a lot . He took a close look at his dog 's coat and saw tiny bugs . He called the vet who prescribed the dog some medication . PERSON gave him the dog the medication . A few day later his dog stopped scratching .	PERSON 's cat kept scratching itself . PERSON wondered if it had fleas . He took it to a veterinarian . It turned out PERSON 's worries were correct . Luckily getting rid of them was n't so hard .
golf	PERSON likes to play golf . His work decided to have a golf scramble . PERSON got a team together . His team was made of 3 mean . PERSON 's team won the scramble .	PERSON tried out for the golf team . He assumed that they would teach him to gold but that was n't the case . The coaches were looking for people who already knew how to golf . PERSON did not join the team but instead went home and practiced hard . A year later he tried out for the team again and was selected .	PERSON PERSON was furious . He 'd been playing golf , and hit a bad chip . The ball chipped so hard it hit a bird , and landed in the forest . Tunngly searched for an hour , but found his ball . His next shot ended up in the water .	There was a big golf tournament . I was faced against a big rival . On the last six holes it was all on the line . And I finished him off . I crushed my drives and won the match .	My uncle really liked playing golf . He went to the golf course every day to practice . He learned new tricks and got better and better . Unfortunately , he lost his sight recently and ca n't golf anymore . But he still enjoys going and hear people cheering during a game .	PERSON and PERSON always played golf . They had standing bets but PERSON usually won . But on this day it was about to change . PERSON was leading with one hole left . But he hit one in the water and was done .	PERSON thought he was good at golf . So he challenged Tiger to a game at a nearby course . The game lasted all day , they were both very good . At the end of the day they finished with the same score . PERSON realized he was good , but there are a lot of people just as good .	The man went golfing with a friend . The man lost all of his balls in the trees . He asked his friend for some balls . His friend did not have any balls for him to borrow . The man watched his friend finish the round of golf .	PERSON wanted to play golf , but his wife wanted him to stay home . Sneakily , PERSON lied to his wife and went anyway . He played a game of golf but started to feel guilty . He left early and stopped and bought flowers on his way home . He told his wife the truth and gave her the flowers and all was well .
PERSON 's day	The smith family had a very round pug named PERSON . PERSON was a sausage of a dog . So one day he got stuck in a pipe , and started squawking . The Smiths heard PERSON under their house and got him out . PERSON was so excited to be released that he ran into a wall and slept .	PERSON has many responsibilities . He must wake up early to make coffee for his dad . Then he has to clean the dishes and kitchen . After that he vacuums and mows the lawn . PERSON is very tired by bedtime every day .	PERSON was having a rough week . She took off thursday morning to try and lift her mood . She went to the park and fed the ducks . There an old friend saw her and they reconnected . She went back to work in higher spirits .	PERSON was feeling hungry at work . He decided to try the new salad place he kept hearing about . He placed an order and went to pay . His credit card was declined when he tried to pay . PERSON felt embarrassed and did not have lunch that day .	PERSON walked down the street and crossed it . He walked three more blocks to an ice cream store . He ordered an ice cream and ate it . He read the paper . He walked home .	PERSON was having a bad day . First , her hair looked bad . Then , her clothes were too tight . After that , PERSON was late for work ! PERSON felt sad and angry about the bad things in her day .	PERSON is a freelance photographer . He was contracted to shoot a local music festival . It was extremely hot the day PERSON was supposed to shoot . PERSON went to the festival to perform his job duties . PERSON did n't think the reward was worth his efforts .	PERSON went to work in the morning at the coffee shop . She waited tables all day long and got tired . She left work and stopped by a fast food place for dinner . She got home and ate dinner . She had a relaxing bath and read a book before bed .	PERSON went to the park to ride his skateboard . He saw an older kid doing a really cool trick . PERSON practiced because he wanted to do the trick too . The older kid noticed and gave PERSON some advice . By the end of the day , PERSON left the park knowing a new trick .
speeding	PERSON was late for work one morning . He was hitting every red light . It frustrated him and he decided to speed . A cop noticed and pulled him over . That guaranteed PERSON would be late and he lost his job .	PERSON sped down the road to get to his appointment . He drove so fast , his car spun out of control . It hit a large tree , nearly knocking it over . The ambulance asked him why he was in such a hurry . But he 'd hit his head so hard , he could n't recall .	PERSON turned the corner at the new intersection . A school zone was looming ahead , but PERSON did n't see it . PERSON continued to listen to her favorite song . Two blocks later , PERSON was pulled over . The cop gave her a warning after hearing her plea .	PERSON hated taking the bus to school . So he decided to learn how to drive . Within a month , he got his license . But every morning , he sped to school . After his license was revoked , he had to take the bus again .	PERSON was late for work one morning . He decided to drive 15 MPH faster than the speed limit . He was pulled over by an officer . The officer issued PERSON a ticket . PERSON was upset he would have to pay a fine .	PERSON bought a motorcycle . He drove the motorcycle down the road in his neighborhood . He drove too fast . A cop got behind PERSON . The cop saw he was speeding and pulled him over .	I was driving home from work on the highway one day . Suddenly , I saw red and blue lights flashing behind me . I pulled over and a cop walked up to my window . I rolled down the window and the cop gave told me I was speeding . I apologized , and then he gave me a warning and I drove home .	PERSON was exhausted from school . She was in a hurry to go home and relax . Unfortunately , she was not paying attention to her speedometer . A policeman pulled her over and gave her a ticket . PERSON vowed to be more attentive with her driving .	PERSON was driving us to a friend 's house . I told PERSON that he was speeding . At that moment , the lights flashed behind us . PERSON was pulled over for speeding . He was given a ticket for his poor choices .
baseball	PERSON believed he was a great baseball player . He decided to try out for the all star team . He kept advancing to the different rounds . Soon PERSON was in the finals . PERSON did not make the all star team after finals .	I played baseball when I was a kid . I was a pretty good player . I enjoyed running the bases . I could throw a ball from outfield all the way to home base . But now I am older and I just prefer watching others play .	PERSON 's son PERSON is playing in a baseball tournament . The day of the tournament she was asked to volunteer her time . PERSON needed to work the baseball concession stand . When she got in the stand she realized she could n't see PERSON play . This made her very sad because she was looking forward to the game .	PERSON was always picked last in games on the playground . He became tired of it so he began to practice soccer with his dad . Soon , he was getting pretty good at soccer . The next time they played at school he was picked last again . But he played so well that he will always be picked first from now on !	PERSON wanted to play baseball . His school did not have a baseball team ! PERSON decided to start one himself . He gathered his friends and established the team . Soon the baseball team was practicing every week !	PERSON was a huge baseball fan . He spent every free moment he had practicing his swing . He was a fixture at the batting cages from a young age . All through school , PERSON dominated his age group . When he was 18 , he was selected 1st round in the MLB draft .	I decided to play street baseball with my friends . It was my turn to bat . I knocked the ball out of the park ! Alas , it broke a window of a house ! The owner of the house caught me and made me pay for a new window .	PERSON loved baseball and wanted to play on her high school team . But they only had a team for boys , not for girls ! PERSON tried to get other girls to form a female 's team . But none were interested , so she had to find a new plan . PERSON decided to try out for the boys ' team - and she made it !	We would go to my grandpas property every summer . We would play baseball with our cousins . We would spend all afternoon out there . It was so much fun even though it was 2 on 2 . It is one of my favorite childhood memories .
PERSON 's choice	PERSON had made a New Year 's Resolution to lose weight . It was a temptation when his buddy asked if he 'd like some cake . PERSON weighed his choices . He did n't want to hurt all of the effort that he 'd already put in . Finally , PERSON told his friend that he 'd rather not .	PERSON was born in LOCATION , LOCATION . She moved to the states for a better life . She met a very rich man immediately whom she felt was ugly . But she decided to marry him for money . She had a very unhappy marriage , but had the money she wanted .	PERSON had a hard time getting her children to floss their teeth . She decided to implement a reward system . She would credit each child a nickel for every day they flossed . Her son , PERSON , thought a nickel was n't enough and eschewed flossing . PERSON regretted this when his siblings got cash and he got gingivitis .	PERSON played football as a freshman in high school . He did n't grow much after his freshman year . The other players got bigger , and PERSON found it harder to play . Another player offered PERSON some steroids to make him stronger . PERSON did n't feel right about that , and he quit playing football .	PERSON had to choose between hanging out and covering a shift . He was on his way to a movie when the boss called . He wanted PERSON there as soon as possible to cover April 's shift . PERSON could have said no , but he decided it was his duty to show up . He told his boss he 'd be there in fifteen minutes .	PERSON went to the pet store . He was looking for a new companion . PERSON considered the parrot and ferret . He knew both were high maintenance . PERSON chose the ferret because parrots are noisy .	PERSON wanted to go to college after he graduated high school . His parents could n't afford to send him and he did n't want to borrow . PERSON decided to sign up for the military . After basic training he was sent to LOCATION . He never got to go to college because he was killed by a IUD .	PERSON was just beginning to date again after his divorce . He had dinner with PERSON , a woman he met online . They made plans to go out again the following evening . He met PERSON at a gas station and they struck up a conversation . He called PERSON and apologized , adding he 'd met someone else .	PERSON found out she was pregnant after she broke up with her boyfriend . She struggled about what to do . She was concerned the pregnancy would ruin her academic career . She decided to have the baby and give it up for adoption . Years later , carey felt that year off was a small price to pay .
beard	PERSON had a bushy beard . Looking for a job , he cut it off . His friends joked that he looked like a teenager . He received a job two weeks later . His new boss calls him the baby-faced assassin .	I grew a beard just to make my family mad at me . They want me to shave my beard , but I do n't know why . I kept it trimmed and not bushy . However for whatever reason they always get on to me . Eventually , I always end up shaving it completely off .	The man grew a big beard . His friend did not recognize him . He got closer and closer to his friend . Finally he was nose to nose . Then his friend recognized him .	PERSON was always made fun of . His friends told him he looked like a child . One night PERSON decided he was n't going to shave . He did n't shave for weeks . Now PERSON has a beard down to his shoulders !	The man shaves his beard . His skin underneath had a rash . He put some cream on his face . The rash cleared up . The man did not grow a beard again .	My cousin is a very attractive Asian woman . She never seemed to have a boyfriend . One day she cut her hair very short . Then she brought a boyfriend to a wedding . My daughter thinks the man was cover known as a beard .	PERSON had a very big beard . One day he decided to shave it . This beard took almost an hour to shave . After the shave , PERSON realized he loved his beard . It took many years for PERSON to get his big beard back .	I had a very long beard . I decided that I wanted to shave it . I used an electric razor . It took me quite a while . My face was clean shaven .	PERSON was an attractive man . PERSON had fun changing his appearance . Sometimes PERSON would shave , other times , he would not . PERSON wanted to grow a beard . PERSON grew a beard .
car trouble	The traffic lights at the intersection stopped working . Someone drove straight into the side of PERSON 's car . His car was so smashed it shut down . The tow truck had to take PERSON 's car to the junkyard . His car was totaled .	Jan 's car would n't start , so she called a tow truck . The mechanic told her the engine needed to be rebuilt . She contacted a friend that knew a little bit about cars . The friend told her the mechanic was ripping her off . The friend offered to fix it for nothing .	PERSON had a very old , used car . Her drive to work every morning was long and challenging . One morning her tire exploded on the freeway and she was stuck . Luckily a passer by stopped and let her borrow his spare wheel . She thanked him a lot and drove to get her car fixed .	PERSON was driving when she heard a weird noise . The engine was knocking . She was scared and took the car to a mechanic . The mechanic found the problem and gave her a quote . PERSON agreed and got it fixed .	PERSON was nervous . She saw smoke coming from under her car hood . She pulled over and called AAA . They towed it to the dealership . They told her it would cost $ 5000 to fix !	On the way to work PERSON 's car broke down . He tried calling for help on his phone but did n't have service . He decided to walk to the nearest gas station for help . On the way someone picked him up and helped him fix his car . Despite all of this , PERSON was n't late for work !	I was driving on the highway when my car suddenly broke down . I popped the hood and the engine was smoking real bad . I called a tow truck and had it towed to the mechanic shop . I wondered how much all this would cost me . Turns out my insurance covered the tow truck and the rest was cheap !	PERSON was late for work like he was everyday . He knew he needed to get an oil change , but today there was no time . A mile past the auto shop the car started smoking and ceasing up . He had it towed back to the shop . PERSON was very late for work that day .	PERSON was driving down the street when his check engine light came on . He noticed a strange smell , too . PERSON knew something was wrong , so he took the car to his mechanic . His mechanic checked the car and said it needed a new converter . PERSON had to pay four hundred dollars , but his car is now fixed .
laundry	I put laundry away . There were three loads piled up waiting to be folded . I folded it all , then stacked it in piles . I put everyone 's clothes away in their dressers . By the time I was done , I was ready for a nap .	PERSON is so sick of doing laundry . She lives with two other girls and none of them help . One night PERSON spoke her mind to the girls about it . They said they understand where she 's coming from . Now all three girls do laundry together .	PERSON was washing her family 's laundry . She was washing colored clothes . PERSON 's husband threw a white dress shirt into the washing machine . The red items bled his shirt pink . PERSON 's husband had to buy a new shirt .	PERSON sat in the kitchen staring out at the snow . She walked to the front of the house holding her head down . She made the mistake of admitting to her mom she was bored . Her mother made her do the laundry . PERSON vowed to keep her boredom to herself from now on .	PERSON has never done laundry . She decided to put her nice dress in the washing machine . The washer was set to wash with hot water . PERSON went to put the dress in the dryer . She was sad to see the dress was ruined .	My husband was doing the laundry . Later , he asked me if I had seen his wallet . I became worried and went to the dryer . Sure enough , my husband had washed his wallet with his pants . Now , he always double checks all the pockets .	My wife decided to do the laundry last night . She started at 7 pm . She got done by 9 pm . She was exhausted , having worked . I am disabled and felt badly that I could not help .	PERSON had mountains of dirty laundry to clean . Starting to wash his laundry , he overfilled the washer and broke it . PERSON called a repairman only to find out he needed a brand new washer . PERSON researched new washers and found the prices far too expensive . Frustrated , PERSON gave up and called a laundry service .	PERSON was away at college . She had never done laundry before but figured it could n't be too hard . She put a load in . When she took it out , all her white clothes were now pink . She had n't sorted the colors from the whites !
bugs	It was summer and bugs were all around . But ben hated bugs . He did not want them in his room . He kept bug spray by his bed . He killed every bug he saw in his room !	I moved into my new apartment . I discovered that is was crawling with bugs . I ran out of the apartment straight to the store . After buying bug spray , I doused my entire place with it . I never saw another bug again .	The bugs were new to him . He had never seen them before . He instantly jumped away when he saw one . He yelled that they were ugly . He refused to go near them again .	PERSON had spent a lot of the summer at her grandpa 's farm . She loved to play with the chickens . One day she got lice from them . Her parents could not get the lice out of her hair . PERSON is no longer allowed to play at the farm .	PERSON was in his room . He saw two bugs crawl by . He almost ran . He decided to make them his pets . After playing with them he realized they made great pets .	PERSON hated bugs . It was a warm day during the summer . And a whole swarm of mosquitos gathered around tom . He started to swat them away . But they were so energetic he ended up running inside his house .	One day PERSON and PERSON went to the store . They were there to buy a mosquito net . They asked the salesperson which mosquito net worked best . The sales person Helped them pick out a high quality net . PERSON and PERSON enjoyed their mosquito free time outside .	My brother had a bug collection . There were many different bugs in his room . He pulled one out to show me . It jumped out of his hands . He picked it back up before it got away .	There were bugs all over PERSON 's front porch . He was constantly getting bit while sitting out on his porch . He decided to get a bug zapper to get rid of them . He installed the bug zapper during the weekend . He no longer gets bitten by bugs while on his porch .
the new house	PERSON was excited that her family was moving to a new home . It had been a long time coming , and they needed a new house . They traveled very far , about 1000 miles to get to their new place . It was very exciting for tammy , but she was also nervous . When they arrived at their new place PERSON loved it and was n't scared .	The family was so proud and excited . They were moving into a brand new house ! The movers took all their things over in a huge truck . They unpacked it all carefully . They were happy to finally have their own home .	The family was packing boxes . They were moving into their new house ! It was going to be much bigger than their apartment . They were excited to have a big yard , too ! They were all anxious for moving day .	PERSON and PERSON were moving into a new house . Moving day was tiring - it seemed there was always more stuff . When they began to unpack they realized something strange . There really was more stuff than when they started . PERSON 's parent 's house , though , was looking much less cluttered !	Brandy was moving to new house . She was very excited . The new house was n't very far from her old one . She would miss the old house . She really liked the new house .	PERSON moved to a new house . He invited PERSON over to see the new house . PERSON looked impressed with PERSON 's new house . PERSON was happy PERSON liked the house . PERSON was happy for his friend PERSON .	Moving has always been a struggle for me . We moved into our new house across the country last year . I just got a new job and am starting to enjoy my time . After one of my shifts I came home and see firetrucks . Panicking , I rush down my street and see my house on fire .	PERSON and PERSON bought a new house . The day after they moved in , they discovered a leak under the sink ! They called a plumber to come fix the leak . The plumber charged a large fee for his services . Now PERSON and PERSON plan to care for their new home themselves .	PERSON was mad at her family because they had to move away . She loved the house she grew up and lived in . PERSON was upset the whole way to the new house . They pulled up to the new house and showed her the swing set . The swing set made PERSON happy and she loved her new house .
volunteer	PERSON and I volunteered at a local church one year . We handed out food and set up plates for a barbecue . When I asked her why she did it she said that she needed the hours . After it was all over we both volunteered more at other places . The next year we both volunteered at the same event again !	PERSON was in Girl Scouts . She had to do a lot of volunteering . She had a lot of good experiences doing it . It really helped her in life . Now she has her own kids volunteer !	PERSON wanted to volunteer somewhere . She was homeschooled and had free time during the day . One day she went for a bike ride . She saw a retirement home and stopped there . She began volunteering there the next day .	I wanted to help raise money for public television . I called the station to volunteer . They assigned me to the phones . I was afraid to talk to people but I stuck with it . I raised over a million dollars for PBS on my own .	PERSON took a gap year after high school . But while she was finding herself , she wanted to be useful . She signed up as a volunteer firefighter in her town . That year , PERSON fought six fires , and saved lives and homes . Looking back , she was very proud of her gap year !	PERSON volunteered at a local hospital . She cleaned and talked to patients . Every day she learned something new about medicine . PERSON realized she loved working in the hospital . She decided she would become a doctor !	PERSON wanted to volunteer at a nursing home . PERSON 's mom took her to a nursing home near their house . PERSON filled out an application to volunteer . The director showed them around the building . PERSON 's first day of volunteering is next week .	My niece went to see the principal of her daughter 's high school . Her daughter had compplained of bullying . My daughter had a retired schoolteacher volunteer to help my niece . At the meeting everybody denied bullying and there was no proof . My niece was angry and felt the volunteer did not do enough for her .	PERSON wanted to help out in her town . She hated seeing the poverty around her . So after school , she went to work in a soup kitchen . There , she doled out meals and even blankets . It made PERSON feel good about herself .
back to school	It was summer vacation and PERSON was starting to get bored . She had played at the park all summer . She had read all of her books . Her mother told her next week she would go back to school . PERSON was so excited to be back with her friends .	My daughter is going back to school next week . I am am actually really excited . This has been a very long summer . It has been hard trying to find things to do . It will be a nice break when she goes back .	PERSON was a secretary at a business firm . The business got downsized and PERSON lost her job . PERSON decided to go back to school . She got a degree in education . PERSON started working as a teacher .	PERSON had decided college was n't for her . After a few Year 's of low paying jobs , she decided to go school . She started with one night class to get reacclimated to school . It was a lot of work , but it built up her confidence . She was ready to go back full time the next semester .	It was the first day of school , the kids were excited . They were really keen to see their friends again after the holiday . They raced up the hill to the bus stop , but the bus never came . Confused , they double checked the calendar when they returned home . They had the wrong day , school starts tomorrow !	PERSON gathered up her supplies . She walked to the school for her first day . She got a new locker and new books . She made new friends and met her new teacher . She was excited to go back to school !	PERSON had been out of school for ten years . He had decided to go back to school to get his degree . Going to school with people younger than him was intimidating . He studied hard and made friends . PERSON ended up having a good college experience .	PERSON decided he wanted to go back to college . He was determined to finish his accounting degree . After 4 years of night school , he finally completed his degree . PERSON received his degree in front of his friends and family . PERSON soon took an accounting job shortly after graduation .	PERSON wanted to go back to school . He signed up for a course at the local career center . Every day he went to the class . Soon he graduated with honors . He got a raise at his job for having his new degree !
news	We sat down to watch the news with dinner . We set up our individual table trays . We turned on the local news . We were disgusted with the content . We ended up turning it off and eating with music playing .	The man read his newspaper . There was nothing interesting on the front page . He found the comic strips . The comic strips made him laugh . He had enjoyed his time with this newspaper .	PERSON 's street flooded from a severe storm . News trucks came to interview residents about the problem . PERSON was interviewed . That night , she turned on the news to watch herself . She squealed with delight when she saw herself on TV !	I was watching the news the other day . I found out there is a lot of scary stuff going on in the world . It was so scary that it was making me a little anxious . So I stopped watching the news . I do n't think I will watch the news ever again .	PERSON led the school 's AV club . She wanted to be a film producer . After talking to the principal , she had a great way to start . She was allowed to film and broadcast the morning announcements ! PERSON 's very first show was the school news !	PERSON was an amateur news videographer . He filmed many news events . The news station rejected his film because of his low quality camera . PERSON bought a high quality video camera . The news station happily paid for his high quality film .	My mom missed her daily half hour of news . She watches it daily and got really upset that she missed it . I had tried to record it for her but was n't successful ! I told her she could watch it later in the day online . She was very happy that she was able to watch it .	PERSON met a new friend named PERSON . He could immediately tell PERSON was very intelligent . He learned that PERSON was a voracious reader . PERSON made several reading recommendations including news websites . PERSON began reading the news websites daily and soon felt much smarter .	PERSON decided he wanted to stay up to date on current events . He deliberated about which news source was the best . He carefully examined many sources . He found many he liked and disliked . John soon found reddit and preferred this site to any other .
bungee jumping	I have always wanted to go bungee jumping . My friend told me he bought tickets for us to bungee jump once . I was so excited , I could not sleep the night before . After going through the instructions , we finally got to jump . I enjoyed bungee jumping more than I ever imagined .	Carol wanted an adventure . She decided to go bungee jumping . It was scary and exciting . When the day came she almost chickened out . Carol went through with it and loved it .	They were scared out of their minds . Up on the platform they had no idea why the signed up for this . The instructor began his countdown . 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 , JUMP ! They were free-falling , scared but happy .	PERSON was going bungee jumping . At first he was very nervous . But when he took the plunge , his tension disappeared . In its place was a wild joy ! PERSON adored the rush of bungee jumping !	PERSON decided to go bungee jumping for her 40th birthday . She was very nervous but excited . She got several friends to go with her . They all jumped at the same time . PERSON was so scared she wet her pants !	The thought of doing bungee jumping scared me . However , I was willing to take the risk and try it . My friend went first , and he did extremely well . He was able to land a few flips . After the first couple of seconds , I got tied up in the equipment .	PERSON wanted to do something crazy . PERSON decided that bungee jumping would be a great crazy adventure . After conducting research , PERSON signed up for the next bungee jump . PERSON was very nervous to jump , but he closed his eyes and jumped . PERSON felt so excited to complete his crazy bungee jumping adventure .	PERSON wanted to go bungee jumping . But his mom said it was a bad idea . PERSON decided to go anyway . And he had a great time . So he decided to go bungee jumping every month .	PERSON wanted to break out of his shell . He felt that he always played it safe . He set up a bungee jumping appointment . When the day came PERSON cancelled it . He felt disappointed in himself for chickening out .
pizza party	PERSON was at a party . And someone ordered pizza and tacos . PERSON ate three slices of pizza and a large taco . And she decided to get more food . But as she approached the kitchen , people began to stare at her .	PERSON was the coach of his son 's football team . They were the worst team in their league . PERSON told them if they won a game he would buy them all pizza . They won their next game . PERSON bought them all a huge pizza .	I got a lot of my friends together . We decided to have a pizza party . We laid out all the ingredients and got to work . All of the sudden we remembered something . We burnt the pizzas .	PERSON and her friends we 're excited to have a pizza party . Pizza was their absolute favorite food . The girls got together at PERSON 's house and started cooking . After they got everything ready they took it out of the oven . The pizza looked and tasted delicious .	PERSON had a pizza party . There were fifty people . But PERSON forgot to bring drinks . PERSON had an idea . He found some water he stashed for an emergency to give them .	Our field trip to Pizza Hut was a lot of fun . We were allowed in the kitchen , where we were shown how to make pizza . We each made our own pizzas to cook in the oven . Since we were little , we were n't allowed to use the ovens ourselves . We ate in the dining room before going back to school .	PERSON was having a pizza party for his birthday . He had all his friends over . They played games and opened presents . The time for the pizza was near . But him and all his friends had fallen asleep .	I needed to make a plan for my son 's birthday . I went to the grocery store to get some supplies . I bought some pizza dough and various ingredients . When I got home I divided the dough into individual portions . When they guests arrived everyone could make their own pizzas .	PERSON got all her friends together for a pizza party . She was super excited to make the pizza . They rolled out the dough and poured on the toppings . They then put the pizzas in the oven for a half hour . When the pizzas were done , they had a taste and were delicious .
police	PERSON become a police officer . He was happy because he had been trying to get a job for a while . It took him three Years to become a cop . He now is dedicated to patrolling the streets . He loves his job and gets to protect citizens !	PERSON was jogging . He was on his way to work . He was stopped by a police officer . The police officer did not believe he was going to work . PERSON was late to work .	I went to my friend 's house . She called the police . She told me I should have known not to contact her . I had known her three years before that . She did not want to make up .	I live in a very small mountain town . There is very little crime out here , and almost no serious crime . I 've seen the cops a few times . Once , there were about 10 of them all with AR-15s . I worry about the small town police becoming a military-minded team .	My daughter 's best friend in school was the niece of a cop . He was a beat cop in our neighborhood . He was friendly to our family . One day I saw him handle a domestic incident in our building . He did look very friendly then .	My wife was annoying me . I decided to punch her . She called the police . They arrested me for domestic violence . I realized that I had treated my wife very badly .	I recently got in trouble with the police for a traffic stop . But what took me by surprise , was how polite the officer was . The news associated with them is they 're very angry and this and that . But he was nice , and even helped me out on a lesser charge . I drove off happily knowing that not all cops are bad .	PERSON wanted to grow up to be a police officer . She was only eight but was very determined . Her mother came up one day with a present for her . PERSON was curious and excited as she opened the gift . It was a child-sized police officer uniform .	PERSON did not know there was a band called The Police . She thought people were talking about actual police officers . She thought the police put on benefit concerts occasionally . When she learned the truth , she was embarrassed . She liked the music of The Police , though , so it was n't all bad .
overslept	PERSON had a very important test coming up . He studied very hard the night before . He did not go to bed until two in the morning . PERSON overslept the next morning . He missed his test .	PERSON needed to get up early for a test . He set his alarm for seven in the morning . But then he woke up at noon ! He checked his alarm . It had gone off - but he had not heard it !	PERSON was out very late on Sunday night . When it was time to wake up in the morning , he slept through the alarm . The phone rang two hours later , jolting him out of bed . He answered but it was his boss who was yelling at him . He apologized and went to work right away .	The man overslept . He was sad when he saw how late it was . He cancelled his appointments for the day . He stayed at home all day . He slipped into a minor depression .	PERSON woke up late since she forgot to set her alarm clock . She missed her first class but went to school . The lab instructor during her second class kicked her out . He told her that she 's not allowed to wear shorts in the lab . PERSON was grumpy for the rest of the day .	I just came home after pulling an all-nighter to finish my project . After I ate , I decided to rest on my bed . Within minutes , I fell asleep . However , I woke up completely confused . It was 8 o'clock in the morning and I still had my school clothes on .	PERSON had to be at work very early the next day . She set her alarm and went to sleep . She woke up and saw the sun shining through the window . The alarm was set for 6:00 am and it should still be dark out . PERSON looked at the time and it was 8:00 am and knew she overslept .	I woke up late this morning . I guess I forgot to set my alarm . Or I may have turned it off in my sleep without realizing . I jumped out of bed and threw on my clothes . I was so frazzled but I made it to work with 2 minutes to spare .	PERSON was supposed to pick his kids up at 3 PM . But he worked the night shift and often slept in . When he woke , it was already 4 PM . PERSON had to call his kids and say he was running late ! Luckily , his kids understood .
spider	PERSON was doing his homework . But he noticed a giant spider on his wall . He went to his kitchen to get something to hit it with . But when he returned to his room , the spider was gone . PERSON spent all night worrying about the spider .	Kia was brushing her teeth one night . Suddenly she saw a spider on the sink . She screamed and ran out ! She told her dad about the spider . Her dad laughed and went in to take care of it .	PERSON was in her room lying on her bed . She saw something crawl across the floor . PERSON got off her bed and looked on the floor . There was a big spider crawling on the floor . PERSON killed the spider .	PERSON was have trouble falling to sleep at night . Every night she was having nightmares about spiders . One day she saw a spider in her kitchen . She realized that it was very small and harmless . From that night on she was able to sleep peacefully .	PERSON decided to take a bath . She turned on water and sat into the tub . While she put shampoo on her hair she saw spider . She got scared . She run away from bathtub naked .	Kia saw a huge spider in her bathroom . It crawled down into the drain . She was so scared ! She turned on the tap . Then she let the water run until she was sure it was gone !	I fell asleep on my patio . When I woke up , a spider was on my thigh . I did n't know what to do so I stayed still . The spider ended up crawling onto my head . I screamed and fainted from shock .	PERSON was terrified of spiders . One night she saw one in the bathroom . She made her dad go in and get rid of it . When her dad had carried it outside , PERSON sighed with relief . Then she ventured back into the bathroom .	PERSON saw a big spider on her wall . She screamed ! Her dad rushed right in . PERSON pointed out the spider . Her dad killed it quickly .
the ride	PERSON loves to ride her horse on the nearby trails . On her most recent ride , PERSON forgot her helmet . PERSON 's horse spooked at a squirrel that ran across their path . PERSON fell off of her horse and cut her head . PERSON needed stitches to close the cut on her head .	PERSON 's two dogs love to ride in in her car . Since she had errands to run today , she took them along . The weather was very nice so PERSON opened the windows for them . Both of the dogs put their heads out of the window to feel the air . Once the errands were done , the dogs were not happy to go back home .	We drove all night , only to get halfway there . We had the top down so we could feel the wind in our hair . The gentle hum of the tires was enough to lull us to sleep . If it had n't been for the chill in the air , we 'd have crashed already . Only a few more hours till we 're home , in our warm beds .	PERSON really liked theme parks . But she easily got sick because of them . She decided to ride the fastest one . Unsurprisingly this made her very sick . And she puked everywhere due to it .	The family had arrived at LOCATION LOCATION . They immediately got in line for the new ride . They waited over an hour . It was the best ride they 'd ever been on ! They had a ton of fun at Disney .	The subway train broke down when it was in the tunnel under the river . The only way out was to leave the train and walk in the dark . The conductor stayed behind because some people could n't walk . The group that left were almost out when they heard rushing water . They barely made it out of the tunnel before it completely flooded .	On Tuesday I used a paratransit service for a dental appointment . The service , called The Ride , got me there on time . It also picked me up on time . But because of heavy usage , it took me 75 minutes to get home . A normal car ride is 20 minutes .	PERSON decided to go out for a ride on Sunday . It was a nice day to relax . She went through the countryside . She saw all the beautiful sites along the way . She had a relaxing afternoon .	I bought a car and started driving it everywhere . It became like a part of me and I was very attached to it . While making a turn , a person smashed into my car with theirs . It was totaled and I feared I 'd never be able to afford another car . The insurance company paid for my car 's value and I got new one !
new headphones	PERSON wanted a new pair of headphones . They were really expensive due to their brand name . So she saved for months . Finally she was excited to buy the headphones . She was disappointed at the quality upon them out .	Last week I was on the search for the perfect set of headphones . My earbuds were broken so I needed some sturdy headphones . I searched everywhere for the perfect pair but could n't find any . Luckily I stopped at Best Buy . Thankfully there I found the best pair .	I was disappointed that my earbuds broke . I therefore proceeded to buy some new ones at the store . I stumbled across a pair that was black and large . They were beats headphones and looked great . I tried them on and they fit perfectly .	PERSON bought some new headphones . She had loved them . PERSON took them everywhere . Finally they broke . She had to buy some more .	PERSON keep losing her headphones . So her mom bought her a new pair . Unfortunately she lost those too . PERSON was so mad . She needed to keep a better eye on them .	PERSON ordered new headphones online . He waited for a week for them to arrive . Once they were delivered , he opened up the box and wore them . PERSON selected a rock album to listen to first . He loaded up the album and listened with his new headphones .	PERSON was listening to his favorite music . He just got a new pair of headphones . He loved the audio quality on his headphones . He was so busy listening to music that he missed his bus stop . His mom picked him up in the next town .	PERSON needed a new pair of headphones . He went to the store and tried on different ones on display . He asked the workers about their preferences . After checking reviews he bought them online through his phone . They arrived at his house shortly after he did .	PERSON 's job required her to wear headphones all day . One day her headphones quit working . She had to quickly purchase a new pair so she could continue working . When the new pair arrived she soon found that they hurt her ears . PERSON carefully selected another pair that would better fit her ears .
hard work	Amber was very over weight . She wanted to lose some weight . She worked out in the mornings . She worked out everyday for two weeks . She lost the weight she wanted to .	PERSON was landscaping his backyard . He had already leveled the earth for the grass . PERSON needed to dig a trench for the sprinkler system . He worked tirelessly from dawn to dusk . He had the sprinklers installed the next day .	PERSON started a new job . He asked them how much he would have to work . They told him 60 hours . PERSON began to fear the job . He quit the next day .	PERSON was having a lot of money problems . She needed to figure out how to increase her income . She needed to catch up on her house payment . She started following a financial advisor . She was able to turn her life around .	PERSON had been hired to work at a local factory . It was very hot with temperatures typically over one hundred degrees . PERSON hated the job and wanted to quit . However , he had to stick with it to pay the bills . Eventually , PERSON got use to job and learned to enjoy it .	PERSON worked hard at his job every day . He took on new tasks and more responsibilities . His boss noticed his hard work . PERSON 's boss called him into his office . His boss gave him a large raise .	PERSON was in intelligent but poor high school student . She worked as hard as she could every day . On weekends , she volunteered for various charities . She eventually got a full scholarship to college . PERSON is now a successful doctor .	PERSON has always wanted to buy herself a car . When PERSON was old enough to work she found a job . She went to work every day mopping floors . PERSON saved all of the money she earned . After five years PERSON finally bought herself the car of her dreams .	PERSON did construction work for extra money . It was just a summer gig . It was hard work that tired him out . Eventually PERSON found better work . It was easier and paid better .
the ball	PERSON was playing with his ball in the house . His mom came over and told him to stop . Once she went away , PERSON continued to throw the ball in the air . Suddenly , he missed his catch and the ball hit a lamp , which broke . PERSON got in trouble for not listening .	I bought my dog a tennis ball . I threw it across the yard , and she chased it . She caught it just as it reached the neighbor 's yard . She came running back with it in her mouth . She refused to give it back to me .	PERSON could n't find his ball . He looked all over his house . He went into his backyard . He looked all around his yard . PERSON finally found it behind the shed .	PERSON was an athletic toddler . He could throw a ball like a much older kid . He enjoyed being outside and playing sports with his dad . His dad signed him up for every sport he could . He gave PERSON a ball and told him to practice every day .	PERSON got a new ball today . The ball is red and bounces very high . PERSON dicked the ball and it bounced over the fence . PERSON climbed the fence and got the ball . PERSON never kicked the ball towards the fence again .	PERSON bought a beach ball . She took it to the beach . She played volleyball with her friends . She thought she was going to lose . She won near the end of the game .	One day we went to the arcade . Inside the arcade was a claw machine with huge balls inside . We had one person on the claw and one person on the side . The side person gave directions to get a better grip on the ball . In the end we captured a ball !	PERSON was really excited about the Olympics . She 'd watched the soccer team play all week . She took a soccer ball out into the yard to practice . She kicked it all evening until it deflated . She was ready to buy a new one and practice some more !	The neighborhood kids loved to play baseball in the street . One day , a boy hit the ball really hard . The ball broke an old woman 's window . The kids had to pay for the broken window . Now the kids do n't play baseball in the street anymore .
broken phone	Yesterday I threw my jeans in the wash . When I took them out I was upset . I realized I left my phone in there . I was rather upset . I had to buy a new one .	Yesterday I went to the mall to shop . I had a lot of fun . However to my dismay , my cell phone broke . I dropped it and the screen cracked . Luckily I got it fixed that day .	PERSON had gone all year without breaking a phone . She went outside to walk her dog . The dog jerked the leash really hard . PERSON tripped and her phone went flying . The phone 's screen was shattered into a million pieces .	PERSON wanted to get a new phone . He did not want to buy one unnecessarily because he did n't need it . Last night after work , he was walking to the car when his phone fell . It fell face down and shattered and nothing would turn on . He had no choice but to buy a new one to replace it .	PERSON was excited to get a new iPhone . The first thing he did was set his morning alarm . He 'd had problems waking up in the past . That first morning , the alarm went off and would n't stop . In a sleepy daze , PERSON tossed the phone across the room and broke it .	PERSON got upset when her phone fell on the ground . The screen had cracked and she could n't see anything anymore . She went to a store to have it repaired . But the price asked was as high as a new phone . Resigned , PERSON went to another store and bought a new phone .	I was walking down the street with my phone . Suddenly , I tripped and dropped the phone . The phone shattered into many pieces . I started to cry because I had no money . Fortunately , I found a winning lottery ticket on the ground nearby .	I 'm the type of person who get 's mad and breaks things . But after one particularly bad day , I threw my new phone . It hit our brick fireplace and broke . I just spent $ 595 , full price , for it . I have never broken anything in a fit of anger since then .	PERSON was walking up the steps and texting at the same time . Suddenly PERSON tripped . PERSON 's phone went flying and landed on the floor with a loud thud . When he picked it up the screen was smashed . The next day PERSON bought a new phone .
the funeral	PERSON 's sister passed away . She planned a wonderful funeral for her . Lots of people came to pay their respects . PERSON was happy to have been able to give her a good send off . They had n't gotten along while living but PERSON was sad she was gone .	PERSON 's grandpa died and he was very sad . The funeral was that day , and PERSON did n't want to go . He did n't want to say goodbye . PERSON eventually decided to go , but it was hard . PERSON said goodbye and cried very hard when he got home .	PERSON had never been to a funeral . But her aunt had died and her mother insisted she attend . PERSON was afraid she would feel horrible and cry in front of people . On the day of the funeral , PERSON heard everyone share happy memories . Later she felt sad but also happy to share so much love for her aunt .	PERSON hated going to funerals . His grandmother had recently passed . PERSON decided not to go to the funeral . His family was very disappointed in his decision . PERSON did n't care and stayed home .	PERSON was at his father 's funeral . He had been able to hold it together for most of it . When it came time to speak he broke down . He was unable to stop crying . His friend and family tried to console him . -LSB-	PERSON passed away yesterday . The morticians prepared the body . The family gathered together today . They talked about her life . They put her in the ground .	PERSON was not a well-liked person . He was rude and mean and hateful . He died and no one came to his funeral . PERSON 's family understood . They thought PERSON was a jerk , too .	Sue 's father passed away . He had cancer for quite some time . He had been very sick lately . Even though he had been sick , it was still unexpected . She was very upset at the funeral .	PERSON 's grandfather had passed away . At the funeral , everyone shared their favorite memories . All the guests had kind and generous things to say . PERSON had plenty of fond memories of his grandfather too . He told himself he wanted to be just like him .
tattoo	PERSON wanted a tattoo . Her parents said not to and that she would regret it . But PERSON was careful . She got a tattoo that meant something personal to her . Year 's later , she still loved her tattoo .	PERSON met a guy at a club . They sat in the club and talked for an hour . As they talked he showed her his two tattoos . PERSON usually did n't like tattoos . But she liked them on him .	PERSON decided that she really wanted a new tattoo . She asked her friends what they thought would be good ideas . They gave her some joke ideas but none of them appealed to her . She decided on a tribal tattoo and went to go get it . When she showed her friends the new tattoo they all loved it !	My niece had a wild life in her teens . She drank heavily and partied . One day she got a tattoo on her right breast . Now she is a 43 year old mother with a good job . She regrets getting her tattoo .	Will wanted a tattoo badly . His dad told him he could get one when he turned 18 . Will did not want to wait that long . Will 's friend told him he could give him a tattoo for free . Will accepted the offer and regretted it for the rest of his life .	PERSON just turned 18 . He told her parents he was going to get a tattoo . They warned him not to . Always the prankster , PERSON got a temporary tattoo . His mother almost fainted , thinking it was real .	PERSON got his first tattoo . He did not expect it to itch so badly ! He scratched it in his sleep . He peeled some of the ink off . Luckily , the artist fixed it for him for free .	Yesterday my friend showed me her pretty new tattoo of a rose . I decided it was time for me to get one and be like the other girls . I could n't think of a good design that would say something about me . I knew once I did it I would have to live with it forever . I have chosen my name .	PERSON just turned 18 . She was determined to do something rebellious . She wanted a tattoo . She went to a tattoo artist and picked out a designed . When she was done , she had no regrets .
the speech	PERSON was afraid of public speaking more than anything . But for her class she had to make a presentation in front of everyone . Her mother suggested she practice in front of a camera . After watching herself on camera , PERSON was able to feel calmer . In class , she gave her speech and got an A.	I was asked to give a public address to a sizable crowd . I had n't done much of this and felt very nervous . I decided that starting with a joke might help ease the tension . I began my speech with a zinger of a joke . Everyone chuckled , making me feel like I could own this moment !	PERSON stayed at the edge of the stage to look out at the crowd . She shuffled the cards in her hand filled with notes . She walked to the podium and adjusted the microphone . Fear nearly overwhelmed her but she started to talk . The crowd gave her a standing ovation when she finished .	John , the CEO of the company , got up . He was giving a speech to the company . He stood behind the lectern and delivered his speech . It was a very powerful speech . All of the employees agreed that it was a great speech .	PERSON was working on a speech for the upcoming school elections . He was running for school Treasurer , but was very nervous about it . He practiced his speech everyday . When election day came , PERSON gave the speech perfectly ! Much to his excitement , he was elected Treasurer .	PERSON had to public speak . He was not gifted and was nervous . So he decided to practice everyday . He thought he was ready . But he choked during the speech .	PERSON had a speech to do in front of the school . PERSON practiced his speech and was ready . It was time for PERSON to give his speech . PERSON accidentally burped on the microphone . He got nervous and forgot the rest of his speech .	PERSON had to give a speech for class . He was very anxious about it . His uncle had taught him breathing exercises to calm his nerves . He took slow deep breaths before his speech . He minimized his level of anxiety and gave a great speech .	PERSON was getting ready for a speech at his school . He stood in the mirror and practiced in his room . PERSON gave the speech to his parents . PERSON went to school on the day of the speech . PERSON gave his speech to the other students .
bad dog	I came home from work and my couch had been shredded . I could not find my dog . She had hidden under the table . I yelled at her for what she did . She cried the rest of the night .	PERSON got a new dog . It behaved really terribly . PERSON tried everything to train it . Nothing seemed to ever work . PERSON kept the dog because he was attached to it , though .	I have a very bad dog named PERSON . She eats everything she sees . Today I left the house for a while and left PERSON alone . When I came home the house was a mess and PERSON was the culprit . Now I lock her up every time I leave so she does n't get in trouble .	PERSON adopted a dog from the pound . He brought the dog home and tried to bond with it . The dog bit PERSON and made PERSON very mad . After trying to teach the dog , PERSON continued to be bit . PERSON took the dog back to the pound and returned it .	PERSON got a dog from the shelter . It was very poorly trained . He tried different techniques . He eventually took it to a training class . It was kicked out for poor behavior .	PERSON was walking his poodle at the park . But another person 's pit bull approached . The pit bull began barking . And PERSON tried to protect his poodle . But the pit bull attacked the poodle before its owner could stop it .	The neighbors treated the squirrel as if it was a pet . They fed it each day and talked to it when they were outside . One day , PERSON let his dog out in the back yard . He heard a lot of yelling and went to see what the problem was . PERSON 's dog was running with a squirrel tail hanging from his mouth .	Amber bought her family a dog . She found the dog at a shelter . The dog was nice at first . The dog bit one of her children . She returned the dog to the shelter .	PERSON was asked to watch his neighbor 's dog . She was very pretty and he thought it could get him on her good side . So of course he said yes . Within minutes his home was destroyed . He let the dog run away and never talked to her again .
picnic	It was a beautiful LOCATION summer day ! PERSON and PERSON rode their scooters to the cheese shop . At the shop , they purchased wine and meat and cheese . They took their scooters and their food to the beach . At the beach , they had a picnic !	PERSON decided to have a picnic for her three children . She packed a lunch in a basket and took them outside . She spread a blanket on the ground and said grace . The kids eagerly ate their sandwiches and fruit . The picnic was such fun she decided to do it more often .	PERSON 's girlfriend called and wanted to have picnic . PERSON went to the store and bought things for the picnic . Him and his girlfriend walked to the park . They laid on the grass and eat food and drank liquids . They had a good time .	Every year , PERSON 's mom and dad threw a huge family picnic . The year PERSON was 18 , her father passed away , and they had no picnic . But then PERSON saw a way to honor her dad and make her mom happy , too . She offered to take her dad 's place picnic planning with her mom . The next year , the family gathered again at the women 's annual picnic !	PERSON made enough salad for 10 people . She portioned out the dish into separate , wrapped bowls . PERSON stopped by and picked her up . They arrived at the park where the others were setting up . Once everyone was comfortable , they started eating the meal .	One day I decided to go to the park . At the park I had a picnic with friends . We decided to eat peanut butter and jelly sandwiches . The jelly was a little bitter for my tastes . Eventually , after eating our sandwiches we decided to go home .	PERSON and PERSON went on a picnic last Saturday . PERSON was excited for their first date . She packed lots of fruits for their romantic dinner . PERSON liked all the fruits PERSON has packed . They had a great first date , and PERSON asked PERSON on another date .	PERSON and PERSON went on a trip to the mountains . PERSON packed a picnic for them to eat . While they ate , two squirrels came over to their blanket . They fed the squirrels peanuts from their picnic basket . They had a great time laughing at the squirrels until sunset .	PERSON wanted to have a picnic . She invited PERSON to a picnic in the park . PERSON accepted the invitation . They ate tasty food in the beautiful , sunny park . They decided to have another picnic the very next weekend .
pregnant	When PERSON was twenty-three she was told she could never have children . She felt devastated but accepted it . Years later she met a guy and they fell in love . After years of being together PERSON started feeling sick . She decided to try a pregnancy test and it came out positive .	PERSON is pregnant and a teenager . She does n't know where the baby father is . She decides she needs to abort . She goes through with it . She is feeling bittersweet about it .	PERSON was 9 months pregnant . Her water broke at work one day . Her boss rushed her to the hospital . Her husband did n't make it to the birth in time . Her boss comforted her instead .	PERSON and PERSON wanted to have a child . Their first stop was the doctor to get tests done . The doctor told them they should be able to conceive . PERSON and PERSON tried to get pregnant for months . Then one day they finally got the news that they were pregnant .	PERSON was dating PERSON when she found out she was pregnant . PERSON was nervous about telling PERSON about the pregnancy . One day before work she decided to tell him . She watched his face closely trying to figure out how he felt . PERSON was relieved when PERSON was happy about the pregnancy .	PERSON wanted to have a baby . She was already 35 years old and worried she waited too late . PERSON prayed and kept trying to get pregnant . She went to a routine women 's health check up . She was thrilled when the doctor told her she was pregnant .	My daughter 's neighborhood friend PERSON got married last November . They were good friends since they were twelve . My daughter came up from NYC to LOCATION for the wedding . An hour ago PERSON announced she was pregnant . My daughter , who has a child , is thrilled .	PERSON and PERSON tried for several years to have a baby . Their doctor told them it would n't be possible to have one . PERSON and PERSON cried and prayed and decided to try again . One morning PERSON felt very sick . She turned out to be - finally - pregnant !	The woman was giving birth . The baby was turned the wrong way . They had to cut the baby out . The baby and mom were fine . The dad felt relieved .
puppy	My sister bred puppies . We got to have first pick of the liter . We chose a little girl . She was the most playful . We took her home and made her a part of the family .	I was feeling lonely and decided I 'd like a puppy for company . I checked local shelters and online rescue dog ads . I found a puppy for adoption . The puppy had been found as a stray . I took him home and we became best friends .	I told my mother I did not want a new dog . One day she called me saying she had a surprise . She had gotten me a new puppy anyway . He was small and brown . I immediately asked her to return him .	PERSON 's parents promised him a surprise if he got good grades . They went to the pet store . PERSON saw a black and white puppy that he liked . PERSON adopted the puppy and named him Spot . PERSON and Spot are best friends .	PERSON got his girlfriend a puppy for her birthday . PERSON was nervous about this because she never mentioned dogs before . PERSON gave her the little box with a grin . His girlfriend opened the box and saw the little puppy . Ash 's gift was met with tears of emotion and joy .	PERSON 's dog had three puppies . They were mini versions of her . PERSON wanted to keep all three . Her parents decided to sell them . She visits them once a week to keep an eye on their health .	I am on my way to pick up a brand new puppy . As I sit in the car , I wonder what we will name him . After some discussion , we finally pick a name , and it is perfect . When we arrive at the breeder , we choose which puppy we want . We chose the snuggly puppy .	Nic got a puppy and was house-training it . But one night Nic worked late . He arrived home and saw that the puppy had peed on the floor . Nic did not punish the dog . He knew the accident was his own fault .	PERSON was training her new puppy to pee on puppy pads . At first it was a disaster . The puppy peed all over the house ! But soon he learned right from wrong . After a few more weeks , PERSON had him fully trained .
costume	PERSON did n't know what to dress up as for Halloween . He wanted a costume to impress his friends . He decided to make a robot costume himself . He spent all October making his costume . To his friends ' excitement , he won first prize at the costume contest .	PERSON needed a mask for her costume party . But she had no money to buy one ! She decided to make one herself . She used feathers , sequins , and glitter glue . PERSON 's mask turned out very pretty !	The kids put on costumes . They had a party . Some of the kids had masks on . It got very hot that night . The kids with masks took them off .	PERSON tried to squeeze into her Halloween costume . She 'd worn it last year and it fit perfectly then . PERSON started to cry when she could n't get it to fit now . Her mother got out her sewing machine and made changes to it . PERSON hugged her mom and went out trick-or-treating in her costume .	I put my Halloween costume on in readiness for a party . I had spent the previous week meticulously sewing my costume . When I got to the party , I saw my friend was also dressed as a pirate . She told me she had bought her costume the night before . I was angry because her costume looked better than mine .	Every Halloween , PERSON had a Halloween party . It was fun but a bit boring . This year she decided to get creative . She told all guests that they had to come in costume . Then everyone got to judge and vote on the best costume !	PERSON was idly surfing the internet . She saw an ad for a comic book convention in her town . She decided that she would attend dressed as her favorite character . She rushed to the department store to buy materials . She then spent that night creating her costume from scratch .	PERSON 's first trapeze performance would be this very night . Her nervousness was n't about the routine , but her costume . Her unsuccessful searches through the costume rack left her hopeless . PERSON 's mother entered the dressing room holding a bright red leotard . It was a vision of sequins that fit to perfection .	PERSON wanted to be a monster for Halloween . But he could not find a suitable costume . Then his mom offered to make him one . She did her best to make it very scary . PERSON was thrilled with his handmade costume !
the robbery	PERSON needed money for a car . He had a difficult time finding a job . Since PERSON was desperate he decided to rob a gas station . During the robbery the gas station recorded PERSON . Police identified PERSON and arrested him within hours .	PERSON 's friends knew he had a soft heart for women . But one day that weakness costed him money . PERSON let three girls from the neighborhood in his apartment . They slept on his sofa and insisted he sleep in his bedroom . The next morning , the girls and PERSON 's TV was gone .	PERSON called the police . He said he had been robbed . The police were skeptical of his story . PERSON started to change his story . People started thinking he had made it all up .	PERSON was watching her favorite TV show . She ate some snacks . Suddenly the window in the bathroom opened . She heard broken glass sound . She called the police .	PERSON was in line at the bank to deposit a check . All of a sudden , the man next to him pulled out a gun . The robber started grabbing money from the tills . Before the bank robber could get away , the police had already arrived . The robber was arrested and PERSON was able to deposit his check .	PERSON was working at the gas station . Around 10 pm two masked men came in . One held out a gun and asked all the money . The other punched him in the face . The robbers then ran off .	Everyone in the bank was in a panic . A robber had burst in and threatened them with a gun ! He stole the money and ran away . The police showed up quickly . They caught the robber a mile away .	The PERSON 's got home from a night out . They immediately realized something was wrong . Their door was pried opened and things were missing . They had been robbed . The PERSON 's were scared and called the cops .	PERSON was working at a store late one night . Suddenly some kids came in threatening him with a knife . He pretended to grab them some money , but grabbed a gun . When they saw the weapon , he could see them become terrified . They all ran quickly from the building .
windy day	PERSON was walking to work . He was holding his umbrella . The wind started to pick up . A strong gust ripped the umbrella out of his hand . PERSON was n't able to get it back .	It was very windy out . PERSON took her kite to the yard . She unfurled it . Then the wind died down unexpectedly ! PERSON had to put her kite away .	PERSON took her kite to the park . She hoped there would be enough wind to fly it . When she arrived , though , she found a different problem . The wind was so strong , she almost lost her kite ! Kia had to grip it very tightly !	PERSON was going sailing with friends . They had planned it for months . The day they were set to leave had storm warnings . PERSON noticed that the wind was really picking up . They decided to reschedule just to be safe .	PERSON was walking to work . It was a particularly windy day . A strong gust knocked PERSON over . He fell into a puddle . PERSON had to work the entire day wet .	My friend and I went to the beach . We reserved a pavilion and decorated the place . The day turned out great until heavy winds appeared . Our belongings and food were blown away completely . Therefore , everyone had to pack up and leave the place .	It was a windy day . PERSON made his way down the street , holding onto his hat . A strong gust engulfed him . In his surprise , he let go of his umbrella . The umbrella tumbled down the sidewalk .	It was very windy and rainy outside . PERSON took her umbrella with her when she left . But as she walked , the wind increased . The umbrella was ripped from her hands and carried away ! Poor PERSON had to walk with no umbrella .	PERSON saw the wind blowing the trees today . PERSON decided that today would be a great day to fly a kite . She dug out her kite from her summer storage boxes . PERSON took her kite to the park . PERSON flew her kite all afternoon until it got too dark .
bicycle	PERSON was ready to buy himself a bicycle . He went to the store and looked around . Then he selected the bike he liked best . He took it up to the counter and paid for it . Then he rode it home !	PERSON decided to start living in a more environmentally friendly way . He decided to stop driving to work every day . He resolved to start biking instead . Every day he rode his bicycle to work and back . PERSON felt so good about his positive eco-impact !	PERSON loved to bicycle around town . PERSON noticed that there were no bike lanes . PERSON went to the city council . PERSON convinced them to make bike lanes . PERSON was very happy riding on the new bike lanes .	PERSON wanted a bike to ride , but she knew her mom was broke . So she took matters into her own hands ! For six solid months she walked miles delivering papers . Then she bought herself a big new bike . Now she rides her bike to deliver her papers !	PERSON 's car broke down one morning . She was unsure of how to get to work . She went into her garage , hoping to find something to help . There she discovered her old , unused bicycle . She decided to ride the bike to work instead .	A man woke up one day . Thought that he should buy a bike . And then he went down the cyclists to get one . But they did n't have one big enough for him . And so he settled for a trike .	PERSON had outgrown his bicycle . He needed a new one . His mom decided to surprise him . When PERSON got home from school , there was a new bike . PERSON could not have been happier .	PERSON enjoyed going outside . But it was too time consuming to walk everywhere . So he decided to buy a bike . He was able to quickly get to where he wanted . And his constant cycling made his legs very strong .	I rode my bicycle to school . I locked it at the bicycle rack outside school . I went to class . When I came out , my bicycle was gone . I reported the theft to the police .
the breakup	PERSON and PERSON had been dating for two years . PERSON decided he no longer wanted to be with PERSON . He finally got the nerve to break up with her . She was devastated . PERSON never saw the break up coming .	PERSON and PERSON had been having problems . PERSON finally decided she 'd had enough . She told him to move his stuff out . He got mad and broke her favorite vase . PERSON knew she 'd made the right decision .	PERSON and PERSON had been fighting . There relationship was on the rocks . They could n't agree on anything . After weeks of conflict they made a decision . The couple was going to break up .	PERSON and PERSON had been dating for five years . PERSON decided to take PERSON for a walk . She thought he was going to propose . PERSON broke up with PERSON . PERSON was devastated .	PERSON 's boyfriend told her they needed to talk . Upon meeting with him , he broke some disappointing news . He told PERSON that he did n't loved her anymore . PERSON went home crying , and called her best friend . Her best friend came over and tried to cheer her up .	PERSON and PERSON had a huge fight . PERSON decided he did n't want to date her anymore . He broke up with her . PERSON was devastated ! She could n't believe that he was leaving her !	PERSON had been dating PERSON for a month . She knew something was not quite right . It seemed like he was always preoccupied . She finally confronted him . She decided to breakup with PERSON .	It 's been three months since I spoke to her . She replied to a text I sent weeks ago . But I 'm sure she regrets it . I 'm trying to move on and forget about her . Social media wo n't let me .	PERSON and PERSON had been dating for a year . Lately all they did was argue . PERSON decided she needed space . While she took time for herself she met someone . PERSON then broke up with PERSON
first kiss	PERSON and PERSON went to a movie together . This was PERSON 's first date . She was nervous about what would happen on her date . She felt PERSON put his arm around her . She later got her first kiss that evening .	PERSON had never had a kiss . He tried to kiss a girl he liked . It was awkward and strange . PERSON tried again . After a while they started dating .	PERSON liked PERSON , but was very shy . PERSON would flirt with PERSON in class . PERSON would flirt with PERSON . PERSON passed PERSON a note asking if he could kiss her . PERSON agreed and PERSON gave her a kiss .	PERSON was playing spin the bottle and the girl he liked was playing to . PERSON really wanted the bottle to spin to her . It was PERSON turn to spin the bottle . He spin the bottle and it landed on her . PERSON was glad to have his first kiss be with the girl he liked .	It was my fifth grade dance . I had a huge crush on this girl . I finally asked her to dance . I leaned in to try and steal a kiss . She kicked me in the shin as hard as she could .	PERSON was nervous to kiss PERSON for the first time . He took her to the park where they would walk . When they sat on the bench he took her face . He kissed her . The two felt sparks .	PERSON had never had a real kiss . He was about to graduate high-school . He asked a friend if he could kiss her . She politely declined his request . PERSON felt embarrassed and sad .	PERSON was secretly in love with a girl in his class . At the end of the year , he found the courage to ask her to the prom . The girl was surprised but accepted his offer . When PERSON came to pick her up , he gave a her a flower . She kissed him on the cheek and he was in heaven .	Sue had a crush on the neighbor . After spending time together she learned that he had a crush on her . Sue and her neighbor hung out daily . One day he kissed Sue . PERSON was thrilled that she had her first kiss .
prank	PERSON came into her boyfriend 's room . She placed some dough flour around her brother 's hands . Afterwards , she lifted a feather into his nose Before he sneezed , he slapped his head with his hand . The flour sprayed over his entire head .	PERSON is a unique character . Being friends with him is like an acquired taste . At work , his friend PERSON played a prank on him . PERSON was so mad that he punched a hole in the wall . PERSON did n't know PERSON had an anger problem .	The PERSON family loved to go on vacation every year . One year they bought a vacation house on the beach . The family came to see their house vandalized one year . They 're cleaning it up , when their friends from nearby approach . It turns out they were the ones and everyone laughs about it .	PERSON had a pesky younger brother , PERSON . PERSON decided he was going to play a prank on PERSON . PERSON hid under PERSON 's bed one night . Just as PERSON began falling asleep , PERSON began screaming loudly . PERSON jumped up so terrified that PERSON shed a tear by laughing so hard .	PERSON wanted to play a prank on his roommate . PERSON asked his roommate 's girlfriend for his computer password . PERSON logged on to his roommate 's computer . PERSON changed the background photo to that of a fat shirtless man . PERSON laughed like crazy when his roommate saw that nasty background .	I went to pick my sister up . She was about to get inside my car . Before she got in I drove away . I kept doing this for almost a block . When she finally got in the car she was so mad .	PERSON tried to bake a cake . When he was creating the icing , he threw it on the floor . However , he still placed it on the floor . PERSON could n't stop eating it when it arrived at the party . Eventually , he caught a stomach ache .	PERSON hated his neighbor . So he ordered $ 50 worth of pizza for him . And his neighbor would have to pay by cash . But after PERSON ordered , he realized his own addressed was used . And it was too late to cancel the order .	PERSON little sister was always playing pranks on him . She once tied his shoe strings together . Another time she pushed him to a pool . PERSON made his sister promise to stop with her pranks . She agreed to stop if he let her see his baseball collection .
the pasta	PERSON loved carbs . She ate pasta every day . She wanted to lose weight . She decided she would give up pasta for a year . She only lasted two days before she binged on some macaroni .	PERSON was a chef at a fancy restaurant . Italian food was her specialty . She created an amazing pasta recipe for the fall . It was so popular , it sold out every night ! PERSON became famous for her inventive new dishes .	PERSON was cooking pasta for supper . He walked away while the pasta was cooking and forgot about it . The pasta came out sticky and too soft . PERSON decided to make another pot of pasta . He watched this pot and it came out perfect .	PERSON was a great cook . She made a pasta dish that everyone loved . She cooked it one day and fed it to a large group . They all raved about how great it was ! PERSON handed out the recipe as they left .	The restaurant was known for their Italian food . Their pasta was the best around . They would grate fresh Parmesan on top . Patrons lined up and hour before they opened . Everyone wanted to eat some of their pasta !	PERSON loved to eat Italian food . He would eat pasta every day . He started dating a girl that was a great cook . She made him a great pasta dish . PERSON ate so much of the pasta he felt sick !	PERSON was a great chef . He specialized in Italian dishes . He made his own pasta and sauce . When he fed it to his family , they all raved . It was their new favorite recipe !	Chef PERSON was the best chef in the land . Tonight he was making spaghetti for the king . The problem was he was out of pasta . He called the delivery truck but they could n't make it . Luckily , the king brought his own pasta so dinner was saved !	PERSON had perfected his pasta recipe . He would n't tell anyone what made it so special . One day , a girl peeked into the kitchen and saw him using cinnamon . She told everyone in town . Soon , they could all make pasta just like PERSON !
nap time	My 2 year old daughter hates naps . Every day she tries to trick me into letting her stay awake . Today she hid under the bed . I let her stay under there . She ended up taking a nap under the bed instead !	Patches the kitten loves to play . Scout , the old family dog , loves to sleep . Patches is always playfully pouncing on Scout . Scout pulled an old empty box out of the closet . Patches now jumps in and out of the box , while Scout takes his nap .	PERSON was a little boy who hated to take naps . When his mom tried to put him down for a nap , he fought and fought . One day , PERSON 's mom told him to just lay down and go to sleep . PERSON got a cup of milk , drank it , and went to sleep . From then on , PERSON 's mom let him fall asleep on his own .	The man was up late the night before . He was really tired while he was working on the computer . He decided he should take a short nap . When he woke up he felt much better . Now while he is working on the computer he is n't as tired .	PERSON wants her daughter PERSON to take a nap . PERSON does not like to take naps . PERSON reads her a story and tucks her into bed . Zoey falls right asleep . PERSON is happy when PERSON sleeps for three hours !	A long and busy morning wore Olive out . Olive was looking forward to taking a nap . She laid down in bed . A loud bark echoed through her room . Olive is not happy she has a pomeranian .	PERSON is very tired . He puts clean sheets on his bed . He fluffs up his pillows . PERSON finds his most cozy pajamas . He enjoys a long nap .	PERSON 's mom laid her down in her crib for a nap . PERSON cried and whined and did not want to go to sleep . When her mom came to check on her she was not in her crib . PERSON 's mom looked everywhere for her . She found PERSON playing with toys in her closet .	Today I was trying to get my son PERSON to fall asleep for his nap . He was having a hard time falling asleep so I decided to read to him . He started to yawn and I knew he was getting close . I started to yawn and I realized I was tired too . We both fell asleep before I could finish the book .
cars	PERSON was interested in his family 's history of designing cars . He decided to give it a shot himself . His designs were crude . However , with lots of time he was able to rework them . Now he is mass producing them and they are selling well .	We used to own two cars . We paid a lot in insurance each month . We decided we needed to save money . One area we could save was our insurance costs . We sold a car and cut our insurance cost in half .	PERSON woke up ready to play cars . He did not want to play by himself . He asked his mom to play cars with him . She agreed . PERSON and his mom played cars all morning .	PERSON loved cars . He wanted to buy a new car . One day he went to the dealership . He was able to finance a new BMW . PERSON was so excited when he drove it off the lot .	My car was in the shop . I got a loaner from the dealer for several days . I actually liked the loaner more than my car . I joked with my wife that maybe they 'd just keep my car . But on the way to get my car , the loaner broke down .	PERSON loved cars . But he could barely afford to pay his bills . He could n't resist buying new parts for his car however . And he had several other cars in his garage . But eventually , PERSON had to sell all of them to keep his house .	PERSON wanted to earn more money than his job paid . PERSON decided to buy and sell cars . He would buy low and sell high . He amassed a warehouse of vehicles . He made a small fortune buying and selling cars .	PERSON was interested in buying a new car . He went to the dealership . He bought a brand new car . He disliked the wheels on the car . He purchased new wheels and fell in love with his car .	PERSON wanted a nice new car . His birthday was coming up . He decided to treat himself . He ended up shopping for a sports car . He ended up buying one for 40k .
the tv	The family had moved into a new house . They wanted a new tv for their new family room . They went to the electronics store and found a huge 70 '' tv . They brought it home and hooked it up right away . It was great to watch the game on !	PERSON got a new TV for his family . He warned his kids to be very careful around it . One day his daughters decided to play catch inside . They broke the TV with the ball . PERSON was very angry .	The Millers were shopping . They had bought a new home and needed to furnish it . The last item on their list was the tv . They went to several electronics stores . Finally , they got a great deal on a 50 inch tv .	PERSON was bored . He flipped on the tv to find something to watch . The tv made a horrible noise and then turned off . He had broken it ! PERSON did n't know what he was going to do with his time now !	PERSON wanted to buy a new TV . He worked a lot of overtime so he could earn the money . Finally , he went to Best Buy and handed them $ 2000 . The next day , they delivered a huge new TV . He was so excited to relax and watch the game on it !	The family was so bored . Their TV had broken and they had nothing to watch ! They played some games and read some books . They could n't take it anymore ! They went to the story to find a cheap replacement .	The family loved watching tv together . One day , their tv broke ! The screen went blank . They decided to buy a new one . They went to Best Buy immediately to replace it .	Art was browsing in Best Buy . He saw a big , fancy tv on sale . He whipped out his credit card and paid for it . He would be paying it off forever . Art decided it was worth it to have such an amazing tv .	PERSON wanted a new tv . He had been shopping for months . He finally found the one he wanted . He went to the store to buy it . However , they were sold out .
picking flowers	PERSON loved flowers . She saw pretty ones while driving home . She pulled over . She picked up a few . PERSON decorated her house with them .	One day PERSON went out to the garden to pick flowers . She found some sunflowers . She picked mainly them . When she was done she put them in a vase in her bedroom . She loved how they looked .	PERSON went to the park one morning . Along the walking path , she noticed there were tiny , little flowers . PERSON loved these beautiful flowers . PERSON decided that she would pick some flowers to take home . On the walk back to the car , PERSON picked a beautiful bouquet .	PERSON wanted to get his girlfriend flowers . He saw some on the side of the road that looked nice . PERSON decided to pick them and put them in a vase . He arranged them himself . His girlfriend loved the gift .	PERSON knew his girlfriend was upset with him . On his way to pick her up he stopped to get some flowers . He picked them from random locations and arranged them himself . His girlfriend appreciated them . She was still upset and broke up with him , though .	PERSON loved to walk in the field behind her house . One day , as she walked she picked flowers . Ahead , she saw an endless procession of flowers of every color . Eventually , PERSON noticed the sky had darkened . She turned around to see her house far in the distance .	I decided to pick flowers for my girlfriend . The thorns made my finger hurt . The pollen made me sneeze . I threw all of the flowers down in anger . I decided to buy the flowers to save myself the trouble .	PERSON was going on a date . He walked by a rose bush . He decided to get some flowers . He forgot to take the thorns off . PERSON 's girlfriend accidentally cut herself .	PERSON wanted to do something nice for his girlfriend . He picked her flowers along the way to her house . When she got them she started to cry . PERSON was confused and asked why . She said she hated the idea of killing living things .
bedtime	PERSON is very tired . She hates to go to bed because she really wants to read more . She decides one more chapter wo n't hurt . But PERSON keeps nodding off while reading the same sentence . She decides she better just go to bed .	It was bedtime at our house . Two of the three kids hit the pillow and fall asleep . The third is a trouble maker . For two hours he continues to get out of bed and want to play . Finally he becomes tired and falls asleep .	Little PERSON did not want to go to bed . First she required a story . After the story she claimed she needed to be cuddled . After being cuddled she demanded to be sung to while being rocked . Then after all of those requirements were met she still fought on .	PERSON was going to sleep in his own bed for the first time . He brought his teddy bear with him . His mom turned out the lights . PERSON heard a clap of thunder in the distance . PERSON ended up right back in his mom 's bed .	PERSON has 5 children . They are very loud from the time they get up till they go to bed . PERSON has to have relaxation time . She decided to send them to bed early . Her children hated the new bedtime .	I have been trying to get my daughter to bed on time . It is important she gets used to an earlier bedtime . She has been staying up late throughout the summer . Since school is starting soon , I want to give her time to adjust . I hope it is not too hard .	PERSON stayed up late Sunday night and woke up late Monday morning . He had to rush to get to work on time . He had been late before and did n't want to get in trouble . He made it on time but just barely . PERSON decided right there to go to bed when he should .	PERSON yawned loudly , hoping PERSON would take the hint . Of course , PERSON continued to read . PERSON stretched in her chair , the old recliner squeaking noisily . PERSON raised an eyebrow , but said nothing . PERSON cheekily turned off the light before running to her room .	PERSON PERSON started crying in his room . PERSON 's dad went in to check on him . PERSON 's favorite musical bear was making a strange noise . PERSON 's dad replaced the batteries in the bear . PERSON PERSON was happy to get the bear back after the battery change .
pulled over	PERSON and the girls went driving at night by the beach . The girls unfortunately got pulled over . PERSON opened her window to see a cop . The cop was good looking and pulled them over to hit on them . Fortunately he asked her out	PERSON frowned when the police lights appeared behind him . He fumed as he pulled over , knowing he had done nothing wrong . As the officer approached , PERSON simmered , preparing for an argument . The policeman merely told him his license plate was about to fall off . Chagrined , PERSON accepted the cop 's offer of a screwdriver to secure it .	I got pulled over on my way home from work . I was surprised , as I could n't imagine why I was being pulled over . Turns out , my tail light was burnt out . The officer was very kind . He simply told me to make sure I got it fixed soon .	PERSON was driving only five miles above the limit . All the sudden she got pulled over . When she saw the cop she was awestruck . He was very beautiful . Thankfully he let her go with a warning .	I was driving to my friends house one day . While driving on the road , I saw flashing lights . I pulled over and cops walked to my window to my surprise . They told me I was speeding and I apologized . They gave me a warning and then let me go .	PERSON was driving to work . He got pulled over by a cop . PERSON asked why . The cop mentioned a busted tail light . PERSON agreed to fix it and only got a warning .	PERSON was driving his friends home from the bar . He was pulled over by the cops . They thought he had been drinking . PERSON explained he was the designated driver . The cops let him continue .	The cop pulled me over . I asked him to please not give me a ticket . He asked for my license . He came back with my license . Luckily he just gave me a warning this time .	I was in such a hurry to my appointment . Driving on the highway I was going 20 over the speed limit . I saw a cop and tried to slow down . It was too late , he turned his lights on and pulled me over . I got a $ 50 ticket and was late to my appointment .
crash	I was driving along the highway one foggy night . I could barely see the road . Suddenly there was a deer in in the road . Swerving out of the way I lost control of the car . When I hit the tree I nearly died .	I was on my way to pick up my fiance from work . A pizza hut driver was very impatient . He did n't want to wait for traffic to pull out . He pulled out without looking . He totaled my car and sent me to the hospital .	The friends drove to fast . They flipped their car . It landed in a river . One friend got hurt . The other friend felt responsible .	PERSON heard a loud crash one night . She peered out her window . The store across the street was being robbed ! PERSON hurriedly called the police . Later , the store owners thanked her for her help !	The other night I heard a loud crash . I looked all over to see what had made the noise . I discovered a picture had fallen off the wall . The glass in the frame was unbroken . It had fallen and crashed into a ceramic bowl under it .	PERSON was the new kid in school . The school bully tripped him in the hall . PERSON crashed into PERSON , the prettiest girl there . PERSON scowled at the bully and helped PERSON to his feet . PERSON managed to get a date with her to the school dance .	One day I was taking my son 's friends home to their mom . I had to drive around an accident scene . A car had crashed through a chain link fence into a yard . Luckily the car did not hit the house . We stayed so long watching the kids were a bit late .	PERSON 's parents bought him a car for his birthday . They told PERSON he could n't have it until he got his license . But PERSON was so eager , he stole the keys and snuck out with it . He thought he could drive it , but he was wrong . PERSON ended up crashing his car !	PERSON crashed into someone at a red light . It was her first accident and she was terrified . But no one was injured and the car 's ' bumpers were barely damaged . The other driver was very kind as they exchanged information . PERSON calmed down very quickly .
chinese food	PERSON ordered Chinese food and waited for it to show up . One hour went by and still no food . PERSON got upset and called the restaurant . The manager apologized profusely and paid for his meal . PERSON felt a little better but would n't be ordering from them anymore .	One day my cousin and I bought takeout for our families . We drove in our car . When we came out of the restaurant the car was gone . It had been towed and we paid $ 150 to get it out . It was a very expensive dinner .	There was this amazing Chinese place by my house . They served the best sweet and sour chicken I 've ever had . The best part was that they were open until late at night . Unfortunately , they closed down a few months ago . I guess I 'll have to find a new Chinese place .	PERSON really wanted Chinese food . So we looked up places that were nearby . We found one a few minutes away . But the food was not very good . We figured we would pick a different place next time .	Today I went to have lunch with my roommates . We had Chinese food . We all ate it happily . When the check came , we saw the price was very reasonable . We were very happy with our purchase !	PERSON loved every kind of food . Chinese was his favorite . He would order three different entrees . Then he would eat it all up ! A couple hours later , he was always starving again .	My coworkers wanted to get lunch . They invited me . I decided to go with them . We got Chinese Food . I contracted salmonella from the orange chicken .	PERSON 's mom was from LOCATION . But she recently moved to LOCATION . PERSON and her mom went to a Chinese restaurant . But her mom complained about how different the food was . PERSON 's mom planned a family trip for LOCATION to show them the food .	The family went out to eat . They ate at a local Chinese restaurant . The food was delicious ! They all cleaned their plates . They were stuffed when they went home .
tired	PERSON was very tired one morning . On his way to work , he stopped at a gas station . He ran in and selected a caffeinated energy drink . He drank it all before he got to work . The drink helped PERSON stay awake easily all day !	PERSON worked a lot . PERSON enjoyed working . He worked at the same job for 50 years . He eventually was worn down . Now he is tired or working .	My wife and I were in bed . We noticed that the hallway light was still on . Neither of us wanted to get up . It was too cold . Eventually she gave in and got up .	PERSON came home from work . He was so tired and just wanted to sleep . He checked the news quickly and went to bed . But he heard music outside . PERSON 's neighbors were having a party .	I woke up so tired I could n't stay awake . I got an energy drink out of the fridge . I sat down at my computer and drank the entire thing . I felt like my heart was going to explode . I finally felt enough energy to work .	Kia had stayed up all night reading for school . In the morning , she was very tired . She could barely drag herself out of bed to dress for class . All day , she fought fatigue and moodiness . She vowed not to stay up so late any more .	It was late at night and PERSON was getting tired . He had a long and frustrating day at work . He had to work tomorrow but did not want to go to bed . He wanted to some enjoyment today , even if only for a little while . So , he sat down on the couch and picked up his favorite book .	I had been working very late for the past week . I was driving home after another exhausting day at work . My eyelids were heavy as I tried to focus on the road . My eyes closed and I fell asleep at the wheel . I suddenly woke up when I heard a car honk at me .	My husband complained that he was always tired . We discussed the options . Even energy drinks were n't helping him . We decided to improve his diet . He said he is now going to cut out all fried foods .
the squirrel	The homeowner heard a scary noise in the attic . He went up to investigate it . He was scared it was a burglar ! He spotted a creature with a bushy tail and beady eyes . There was a wild squirrel in the attic !	PERSON was driving her car on the highway . A squirrel ran out in front of her car . She swerved to avoid it but almost caused an accident . She was honked at by two other cars that almost crashed . She wondered after that if it was worth swerving in the first place .	PERSON 's dog was acting very hyper . She decided to take him on a walk . On the walk PERSON 's dog saw a squirrel . He broke away from the leash and chased the squirrel down the street . PERSON was relieved when he finally returned back a few minutes later .	We had moved to LOCATION . I had never seen a squirrel before . One day while outside one jumped right on me . I almost had a heart attack . It ran away after I screamed .	The squirrel went into a new yard . A dog came flying out the door . The squirrel ran as fast as possible . The squirrel got to the tree just in time . The dog barked at the base of the tree at the squirrel .	The squirrel climbed down the tree . The squirrel looked around the yard . There were no dogs . The squirrel chewed on some grass . The squirrel climbed back up the tree .	One day PERSON saw a squirrel . She had heard once that squirrel 's enjoyed nuts . PERSON got some peanuts from the kitchen . She left them at the base of the squirrel 's tree . The next day , they were all gone !	There was a squirrel running around outside of my apartment . He appeared to be panicking greatly . Then I saw what he was running from , a giant snake ! The snake was intent on catching the squirrel for dinner . Luckily the squirrel made it up a tree before the snake caught him .	PERSON was walking through the park one day when she saw a squirrel . She offered it a nut . The squirrel slowly approached . Instead of eating the nut , it attacked ! It jumped on PERSON 's face and bit her nose .
the trip	PERSON and Sue went on a long trip to the country one day . PERSON had to tell Sue that he had an incurable disease . He told her and PERSON was devastated . They both agreed to make the most of it while PERSON was healthy . PERSON and PERSON now enjoy every waking moment with each other .	PERSON wanted to go abroad real bad . She had no money however . She decided to at least work for a church group . Thanks to this she got an unlikely reward . They would send her to LOCATION as a missionary .	PERSON packed her suitcase . She boarded the airport transport van . When she checked in at the airport , she was upgraded to first class . PERSON enjoyed watching a movie during the flight . Soon she was home for Christmas .	PERSON did n't know what she should do after college . Feeling lost , she joined a charity organization . She got to travel to LOCATION to educate young children . PERSON realized teaching was her calling . Upon returning , she decided to become an elementary school teacher .	PERSON took a trip to LOCATION LOCATION with his family . Frank got to see all of the attractions during the week . However , the highlight of his trip was when he saw the president . Frank saw him pass by in his limo . Out of all the things he did , this was a memory he would never forget .	PERSON was excited about his first trip in an airplane . He had never been before and was very excited . He boarded with his mom and dad and sat in his seat . He was excited , but very nervous . When the plane took off , he was smiling a big grin .	PERSON was going to visit her family in LOCATION . But she was going to spend three months there . She had to pack a lot of clothes . She filled her suitcase up and tried to close it . To her horror her suitcase would n't close .	I went on vacation with my family to LOCATION . We went camping and fishing for two weeks . We had a great time . We decided to move to LOCATION . We love living in LOCATION now .	PERSON was looking forward to her trip . She was going to LOCATION LOCATION ! She had saved money for months . She packed her bags and went to the airport . She could n't believe it was finally time to go !
retirement	PERSON just retired from her job of thirty Year 's ! Her and her husband are going to travel the world She has all these big plans for the rest of her life . She took today off though just to sit and reflect on her life . PERSON was extremely thankful and was looking forward to retirement .	Mr F was retiring . But he still enforced all of his classroom rules . He found students passing a note . And he asked them to bring the note to him . Mr F found the note was a retirement letter that his students signed .	PERSON and PERSON made a pact to live together in their later Year 's . When they retired , they both had a long discussion . At the end of the discussion , they decided to move to LOCATION . PERSON being from LOCATION made all the arrangements . Their first day of retirement , they flew to LOCATION and lived life .	PERSON was retired . He was bored . He decided to work in order to not be bored . He took a low paying , but fun job . PERSON loved his new work situation and life .	When the bus stopped , several children got on . The bus driver waited until they were all seated before driving again . When the bus stopped , the children got off and went into school The bus driver smiled as he drove back to the bus barn . Today was his last day before he retired .	PERSON was about to retire . She wanted to buy a little house . She tried everywhere to apply for a loan . PERSON could n't get a loan from any source . She died in a little leaky apartment .	PERSON has been at his job for over 30 years . He loves what he does and likes going to work . He has some really great co-workers . He has a long list of accomplishments over the years . PERSON decides he has earned his way to retirement .	My wife is retiring by the end of August . Her boss said she would post a help wanted ad online in July . Today her boss asked her to reconsider retiring . My wife said she had not changed her mind . Her boss was sad .	Frank had been working for 30 years . He finally retired . He was so excited to relax and spend his days however he wanted . He enjoyed all his free time . Retirement was great !
soccer game	PERSON is a avid LOCATION soccer fan . PERSON knew that LOCATION was going to play LOCATION today . PERSON decided to find a local bar to watch the soccer game at . Once PERSON arrived , he was shocked to see how packed it was . PERSON was glad he got to watch the game at the bar .	PERSON did n't feel well but she had to play goalie in her soccer game . She took cold medicine and drank OJ to help her feel better . She got to the game and started to feel better . She stopped the other team from scoring and her team won . She was glad she played even though she did n't feel 100 % .	PERSON was excited to watch her first soccer game . Her dad took her to the stadium to watch the game . The ate hot dogs and nachos . The seats were at field level . PERSON had a great time .	PERSON loved to play soccer . He played soccer everyday day when he was younger . PERSON 's soccer team made it to the championship . His team was tied with thirty seconds left . PERSON scored a goal to win the game for his team .	PERSON and his team were gearing up for the soccer game . PERSON was very nervous . As he got on the field it was a close game . Both teams vied for the winning point . Luckily PERSON 's team won .	PERSON had his first soccer game yesterday . He was very nervous . Thankfully his team did great . They won a shiny trophy . PERSON was thrilled .	PERSON had a soccer game on Friday . When Friday came , her team beat the opposing one ! PERSON was the goalie , so she received a special award . She put the award on her bookshelf . The team appreciated PERSON from then on .	PERSON 's soccer team was playing a game during playoff game . They had been training extra hard during practice . The teams were about evenly matched but the opponents played well . The other team was able to maintain control of the ball more . The opponents scored in the second half and won the game .	PERSON 's grandparents were coming to see her play soccer . She was worried because she was not very good . PERSON practiced all week in preparation for her big game . Her grandparents came to see her . PERSON 's practice helped her to be the one to score the winning goal .
stolen bike	PERSON rode his bicycle to school one day . He forgot to lock up his bicycle . When he got out of school the bicycle was gone . PERSON called the police and described the missing bicycle . A few days later the police called and said they found the bicycle .	I bought a bike in 1999 . I used it to commute to work . One day I locked the bike up in front of my building . When I got off work I discovered the bike had been stolen . I had to buy another bike and a better lock .	I walked with my grandmother to the garage sale . She saw a large black bike and bought it for me . Before night time , I placed it in the backyard . I walked outside next morning to look for it . I realized that it was n't in the back .	PERSON stole a moped from the street . He drove it to a shop . He had the shop paint it green . He sold the green moped to a stranger . The stranger found out later that it was stolen .	PERSON loved riding his bike around his neighborhood . It was silver and shiny . And it attracted attention from other kids . One day , PERSON found his bike missing from his garage . PERSON became overwhelmed with sadness .	When I was a kid , my bike got stolen . However , I had hidden my name underneath the handlebar cover . I saw a kid with a spray-painted bike that resembled mine . I went up to him and confronted him . He ran away when I pulled the handlebar cover and saw my name there .	I have had three of my bikes stolen . They were n't expensive bikes , but it still sucks . Two were front right out front of my house . The third was from the back of a pickup bed . I moved to a rural area and have n't lost anything since .	PERSON took his new bike downtown . He left the bike unlocked in front of a store . When he came out of the store his bike was gone . PERSON looked around frantically . He reported his bike stolen to the police .	PERSON bought a bicycle . He got it from someone off of craigslist . PERSON was unsure about it since the bar code was rubbed off . He called the cops and they verified it was stolen . PERSON was able to get the bike back to its rightful owner .
catch	PERSON was playing catch with her baby sister . She won the first few rounds . Then she decided to slow down and play worse . She let her baby sister win the next few games . PERSON was so happy to see her sister 's smile !	PERSON was making a cake . She set an open bag of flour on the counter . When she turned around her elbow hit the bag of flour . She tried to catch the bag before it hit the ground . The kitchen floor was covered in flour .	PERSON PERSON PERSON were playing catch in PERSON 's front yard . PERSON threw the ball so hard it got stuck in a tree . PERSON tried to get the ball down by throwing a baseball bat at it . Instead , the bat came down and smashed out PERSON 's dad 's car window . PERSON and PERSON had to do yard work all summer to help make up for it .	PERSON and his sister went outside to play . They found a ball and began tossing it . They began a game of catch . Soon PERSON fumbled and dropped the ball . His sister won the game !	PERSON was a baseball player . He needed to practice his catching skills . His dad agreed to help him . They played catch outside every night . PERSON 's skills improved drastically .	I bought my son a baseball . We got up early the next morning . We played in the front yard for hours . It was lunchtime when we finished . We ate like champions .	When we were on vacation , my brother and I were playing catch . We were throwing the ball back and forth . My sister then said something , so I turned to pay attention to her . My brother did n't realize I was n't looking , and hit me in the head . It hurt really bad and I had to put ice on it .	PERSON 's life had been filled with very mean men . She despised that she 'd ever meet a good one . Then she discovered PERSON 's list . PERSON found a wonderful man on the forum . She married him , and he 's a model husband and father .	PERSON and PERSON went to a park to play catch . When they arrived , they saw two other boys playing catch . John and PERSON started to play catch . And the other boys noticed them . The four boys decided to all play catch together .
car troubles	John never changed the oil in his car . He thought he did n't need to . On his way to work his car clunked out . He could n't make it to work . He regretted not changing his oil	Faith 's car would n't start one morning . She had it towed to the car repair shop . The mechanic said that the car had big problems . Faith sold the car for scrap instead of repairing it . Now Faith rides the bus while she saves for a new car .	PERSON had bought a new car . However , there were some problems with the brakes . PERSON had to take it to a shop to get it checked out . After a while , he got an estimate for how much it would cost . He was really thankful that he had bought the warranty .	PERSON was driving down the road . He hears a loud noise coming from his car . He pulled over to see what was wrong . He pops his hood and smoke flies everywhere . He called for help and waited to get picked up .	The transmission on my car had to be replaced . Less than a mile from the transmission place the engine went out . We had the car towed to the shop . The mechanics said we needed a whole new engine . We sold the car for scrap .	PERSON went out to start his car . It needed to warm up , due to the cold . He started it and it ran for a few minutes . A strange noise came from the wheel as he drove forward . It was flat , due to the nail sticking out of it !	My car ended up breaking down on the side of the road last month . I ended up having to get it towed to my local auto shop . The technicians stated that my engine misfired and needed a new coil . They were able to fix my car the next day . Since then my car has worked fine .	PERSON wanted her parent to buy her a car . She spent her extra time doing chores . She got a part time job . She asked her parents for the car . Her parent would n't buy it for her .	PERSON drove everyday to work . On day his car broke down on the freeway . PERSON left his car at the mechanic . PERSON never fixed his car . PERSON had to take the bus now .
the walk	I walk my dog every morning . This morning I had a terrible headache . I asked my son PERSON if he could take the dog out . PERSON put on his shoes and clipped the leash to the dog . PERSON took the dog for a leisurely walk around the block .	PERSON decided to take her dog for a walk . When she was long into her walk , her dog started barking behind her . There was a man that had been following PERSON . PERSON was scared and called her friend that lived down the street . Her friend picked her up and PERSON was relieved .	PERSON and PERSON went for a walk . They walked past the house of PERSON 's crush PERSON . PERSON could be seen in the backyard talking to someone . PERSON could see it was a girl . PERSON vowed to never walk down this block again .	PERSON grabbed the dog 's leash from the closet . The dog was began to jump for joy at the sight of his leash . It took PERSON a few minutes to leash the dog . The dog pulled PERSON towards the door . PERSON and the dog began their walk .	I took my dog for a walk . Alas , my dog was feeling lazy . I had to practically drag him for the entire walk . Suddenly , he spotted a dog in the distance . He ran after the dog and started dragging me instead !	PERSON was walking her dog through the neighborhood . The dog started sniffing intently under a bush . When he pulled his head out , PERSON could see something in his mouth . She tried tried to pull it out , but the dog would n't let go . Before she could try again , the dog had already eaten it .	PERSON was running very late to school . He hurried to get ready , but when he went outside the bus had left . PERSON was very sad because that meant he would have to walk . Not wanting to miss school PERSON started walking . He made it to school just as the morning bell rung .	I decided to walk to the park the other day . It was nice out and I needed the fresh air As soon as I got there it started to rainy . I took cover but the storm would n't pass . I walked home soaking wet and disappointed .	PERSON decided to take her dog on a walk . They walked 4 miles in the cold weather . She froze the whole time . When she got home , she felt like she was getting a cold . PERSON decided that she was going to wear more layers next time .
recycling	A neighbor kept parking his car in front of our recycling bins . This prevented the city crew from picking up our recycling . We left a note on the car but the practice continued . One day , in a rage , my wife dumped our recycling bin on this car . This car then stopped parking in front of our recycling bins .	Kyle always tried to recycle . His friends never cared . He would always do it for them He would stay after parties collecting cans . The money he got paid for the effort .	I used to litter everywhere . One day , I threw a candy wrapper and a bird started to eat it . The bird choked on it before spitting it out . It made me realize how littering affects other organisms . Now I actively work to keep people from littering .	PERSON cared about the environment . He always took his own bag grocery shopping . He saved hundreds of plastic bags by himself . It seemed like a small difference . But the numbers show a huge payoff .	PERSON lived at a fraternity house . They had a lot of parties . They always had tons of empty cans afterward . PERSON would gather them up and take them to recycle . He made a good amount of extra money that way .	PERSON loved the environment and wanted to do something to help . She asked her friends what could be done at her school . She and her friends decided to start a recycling campaign . They set up recycling stations in the school cafeteria . PERSON was so happy to help out by starting the recycling efforts .	PERSON believed firmly in the cause of recycling . She decided to make her small town friendlier to recycling . She talked to her neighbors and organized meetings . After a lot of efforts , PERSON 's town finally had recycling bins . She celebrated by throwing a party using recycled paper for plates .	I always try to recycle as much as possible . I separate things and take them to the right bins . Unfortunately the bins provided to us are always full . So I usually just wind up throwing everything in the trash cans . It 's hard to know who to blame in this situation .	PERSON was homeless . He wanted to make some money to eat . He would go around picking up cans and bottles . It was barely enough to keep him from starving . He was indirectly helping clean up .
quitting	The company was over their budget . They told their managers to cut cost . The managers reduced hours for the staff . The staff morale went down . Some of the staff decided to quit .	I smoked cigarettes for twenty years . I struggled to quit . My grandmother died of lung cancer . I knew I needed to quit . I finally stopped cold turkey .	PERSON was having a hard day at work . She hated her job . PERSON 's boss began screaming at her demeaningly . PERSON walked out of work . She called back to say she quit .	I had a job where the boss made us pay for things people would steal . This made me very frustrated . Talking to my boss did no good . He did n't care that what he was doing was illegal . I decided to quit that job .	PERSON decided that smoking was n't good for his health . He tried using the patch . He still wanted to smoke . PERSON decided he should try something else . He took up yoga which seemed to help .	PERSON was always a hard worker but his boss never seemed to notice . His boss was usually preoccupied with goofing off . The department was falling behind so the boss chose to blame PERSON . PERSON explained how he was always staying late but the boss did n't list . PERSON quit the next day .	PERSON had been coughing every morning for weeks . One of her friends suggested that it might be due to smoking . PERSON decided to switch from cigarettes to electronic cigarettes . She set a quit smoking date and purchased the electronic cigarettes . After three weeks of electronic cigarettes , her cough subsided .	PERSON wanted to quit smoking . He could never find the determination to quit . PERSON got bad news from the doctor . He had early signs of heart disease . PERSON had a reason to quit .	PERSON plays football . He has been playing only for a few years . His team has never won a game . PERSON wants to quit because they never win . He has decided to finish the season and reevaluate next season .
the bet	A man was smoking a cigar on the beach . The stranger came up to the man and asked to borrow a lighter . The man dug through his pockets and could n't find it . The stranger sighed and walked away . The man smiled and brandished his lighter when the other man left .	I bet my friend that I could get a girl to go on a date with me . He agreed to the bet . Alas , after two days no girl had accepted my offer . I decided to hire a girl to go on a pretend date with me . My friend paid the bet and I split the winnings with the girl !	My friend and I bet my Subaru could n't follow his Jeep off road . For 45 minutes i followed him with no effort . I bet him $ 100 I could go somewhere his Jeep ca n't . I proceeded to drive between 2 trees that were to narrow for his Jeep . He was unhappy as he handed over the $ 100 .	PERSON always she could to do anything a man could do . PERSON bet that she could n't change the oil in her car car . PERSON bought everything she needed to change the oil . PERSON could n't break the bolt on the oil pan . Because he won , PERSON changed the oil for her .	The friends were very competitive . They always bet on things . One day , they bet on who would finish their lunch first . They raced to eat their food . PERSON won , but they both felt sick at the end !	PERSON bet john that it would rainy the next day . PERSON agreed to the bet . The next day came and it rained . John never paid PERSON the money for the bet though . PERSON and PERSON are no longer friends .	PERSON knew he was better at basketball than PERSON PERSON PERSON proposed a bet 100 dollars to the winner of the basketball game PERSON and PERSON battled it out for the money PERSON beats PERSON and PERSON Loses the bet	PERSON and PERSON made a bet . The loser would have to shave . PERSON lost the bet . He refused to shave . PERSON stopped being his friend .	Eddie attended a boxing match with his friend . Eddie 's friend wanted to make a wager on one of the matches . Eddie hated to gamble . He did n't take his friend up on his bet . Eddie 's friend tried to get him to bet the rest of the night .
army	PERSON was in the military . During a mission , he got shot by his teammate . It was on accident . he spent the next month in the hospital . He recovered completely after .	I 'm in a long distance relationship right now . I am deployed overseas in the army . My girlfriend and I video chat every now and then . In two weeks I get to go home and see her . I 'm looking for ways to pass the time so time goes by faster .	PERSON 's dad was in the army . PERSON missed his dad . He did not know what to do . One day Ted got a package in the mail . It was a picture of his dad to keep PERSON from being lonely .	PERSON joined the Army at age 18 . Her family did not approve at first . But after a few years they saw the benefits . PERSON was happy and made decent money . Soon PERSON had all her family 's support !	PERSON wanted to join the army . He went to the army depot to inquire . They sent him for a physical . When he passed , they gave him some interviews . Then they told him he was welcome into the army !	When PERSON was a child he always played army . He would run around the woods with his friends with toy guns . At 17 , he decided to take the test and join the army . He waited for the results , and was admitted ! PERSON has been a soldier for 7 years now .	PERSON wanted to join the army . He went to the recruitment center to apply . There , they examined him thoroughly . Afterward , they told PERSON his poor hearing disqualified him . PERSON was disappointed that he could n't join the army .	PERSON signed up to be a part of her country 's army . She was worried she would not get the best position assigned to her . Fortunately , her commanders recognized her potential and her skills . PERSON was assigned to a good position for a person with her talents . She serves her country proudly .	PERSON wanted to join the Army . He had to take a physical exam . He was afraid he would not pass . But after the test , the sergeant congratulated him . He welcomed PERSON into the Army , saying he had passed !
rock climbing	I went out for rock climbing one day . I showed up , but did n't know what I was doing . I tried really hard , but needed help . I finally figured it out , and then I climbed the wall quickly . I sat on top of the rock wall very proud .	PERSON loves rock climbing . She recently signed up for a class at a nearby indoor rock gym . When she arrived the gym was closed . PERSON double checked her appointment book . PERSON realized that she mixed up the dates and went back to work .	PERSON got up early in the morning to go rock climbing . He packed his gear and headed to the park . During his first climb he slipped and fell off the rock . PERSON landed on the ground and broke his arm . PERSON would have to heal for six weeks before he could climb again .	Last week I went rock climbing with my friend PERSON . I was climbing well until we got to a certain route . I was unable to pass a certain boulder about eighty feet up . PERSON was able to get passed it with ease . I decided I need to practice more so I can climb as well as PERSON .	One day , my friends and I were wanting to hang out . We decided to go rock climbing . When we got there , everyone climbed but me . I chickened out . I wish I would 've at least tried .	PERSON was climbing a big mountain . He went slowly and carefully with each step . At times he had to reach quite far to find the next foot hold . One time he almost even slipped . After five hours of climbing , PERSON made it to the top .	PERSON enjoyed rock climbing . He mostly did so at a rock climbing gym . One afternoon a friend invited him to go rock climbing outdoors . PERSON agreed to accompany his friend . PERSON found the outdoors experience hot and uncomfortable .	Red decided to try rock climbing . He researched it and decided to have someone help him when he went . He got to the mountain and met his guide . They climbed up with a little effort and got to the top . Red was happy he learned a new skill and enjoyed it .	PERSON was a student at a large state University . He went to the university gym for the first time as a freshman . He saw a large climbing wall . He decided to climb the wall . He went on to become a famous solo free rock climber .
carnival	PERSON and PERSON went to a carnival together . They had a lot of fun playing games . PERSON saw a stuffed unicorn she wanted . PERSON played a game and managed to win it for her . PERSON was very grateful .	PERSON wanted to go to the carnival in town . She called her friends who agreed to go with her . The first ride she went on was the roller coaster . Her friends convinced her to go on the water ride next . By the time the carnival closed , she had ridden every ride twice .	PERSON went to the carnival . He ate some cotton candy . Then he rode the rides ! His favorite was the ferris wheel . He rode all day until he was tired .	The school was holding a fundraiser . They decided to have a carnival . Each teacher had a booth . The principal was in the dunk tank . The school raised over $ 1,000 .	PERSON went to a carnival . She loved to play the games there . There was a ball-throwing game to win a goldfish . PERSON paid a dollar for three chances . On her first throw , she won a goldfish .	The boy went to the carnival . He saw a ride he liked . He asked his dad if he could go . His dad took him to the ride . The ride conductor said the boy was too short .	PERSON was excited to go to the carnival . First thing he did was run towards the games . He played a ring toss game . The first couple of times he did n't win but finally he won a prize . He chose a giant stuffed bear that he carried home .	PERSON and PERSON went to the carnival on a date . When arriving , PERSON forgot her purse and asked if PERSON could pay . Reaching into his back pocket , PERSON found he forgot his wallet . Explaining this to her , they both went back to get their items . Upon returning to the carnival it was too late to get in .	PERSON went with a friend to the carnival . Together , they played a variety of games . It was n't long before they were worn out from all the activity . Because they were so tired , they decided to head home early . On the way back , they reveled in the fun time that they enjoyed .
garage sale	PERSON went to a garage sale over the weekend . She discovered something that she thought was very valuable . She bought the item for ten dollars . PERSON took the item to a pawnshop to be appraised . The item was worth 100 dollars and PERSON was very excited .	PERSON was doing some spring cleaning . He found a lot of things that he did n't use anymore . He decided to have a garage sale . His sister helped him price and set everything up . He ended up making a lot of money from the sale .	PERSON cleaned out her garage and found a bunch of junk . She realized she does n't need half of the stuff she has . PERSON decided to have a garage sale . She sold over all of the stuff that she did n't want . She ended the day with a clean garage and over two hundred dollars .	PERSON was downsizing to a smaller house . However , PERSON knew she could not take all the items with her . PERSON decided to hold a garage sale in her neighborhood . PERSON posted signs advertising for her garage sale on Saturday . PERSON was excited to be holding her first garage sale .	PERSON and PERSON needed money . They decided to have a garage sale . They gathered all their things they did n't want . They set up a wonderful sale . They made a lot of money .	PERSON was really short on money . She was trying to come up with extra money . Someone suggested a garage sale . She decided that was a great idea . She made lots of money !	I felt that my house was too cluttered . I decided to sell some of my items . That weekend , I hosted a garage sale . Alas , only three people bought some of the items . I had no choice but to sell the remaining items to a pawn shop .	PERSON was walking to his house . PERSON saw a garage sale . PERSON checked out the items . John found a rare item that he could sell for profit . PERSON had made a thousand dollars in profit .	At first my wife did not want to go to the neighbor 's garage sale . I asked her to come with me just as a favor . When she got there , my wife found a couple PERSON PERSON books for sale . She learned that our neighbor is an English major like her . Now they are friends who meet for coffee every morning .
new pants	PERSON was out shopping for some new pants . She came across a pair she absolutely loved . They were brown and leather and perfect . Thankfully she got a good deal . She immediately wore them the next day .	PERSON bought some new pants but they were a bit tight . He wore the new pants to school . While in class he dropped his pencil . He tried to pick it up but his pants ripped . He had to go home early that day .	PERSON had to buy a new pair of pants . All of her other pants were worn and out of style . She looked in several stores . She finally found a pair she liked . PERSON promptly began to wear them .	PERSON bought a new pair of pants at the mall . They were really expensive but he liked them . The next day at school someone was wearing similar pants . They were close enough to look identical . PERSON regretted his purchase .	PERSON bought a new pair of pants . He wore them out one night . While walking to the bar he slipped and fell . The new pants got a bit hole in them . He had to go home and change .	PERSON bought a new pair of pants at the mall . They were tight fitting jeans . PERSON figured he would break them in over time . He wore them at home all the time . After a few weeks they were properly broken in .	PERSON did n't have a lot of pants . He decided to buy a new pair . He went to different stores . PERSON tried various pairs . He never found any he liked that much .	PERSON needed some new pants . She looked everywhere for some . Finally she saw some at the mall . PERSON took the first she saw . They fit perfectly .	PERSON bought a new pair of pants . They fit him too small . He figured he would lose weight and fit them soon . PERSON worked out a few times and then gave up . He was never able to fit into those pants .
daycare	Little PERSON was scared to go to daycare . Her mother told her it would be fun . Little PERSON cried when her mom left her . Little PERSON soon made friends . Little PERSON loves going to daycare now .	When her baby was three months old , PERSON had to go back to work . She brought the baby to daycare . That evening , she went into the daycare center . She found her baby pushed into the corner , wet and dirty . Joy quit her job and became a stay at home mom .	Little PERSON had to be sent to daycare . His mother looked up reviews for the best one in town . She signed PERSON up for a couple of months . PERSON made a lot of friends at this daycare . His mother was proud that she chose the best one .	My nephew has a two year old boy . He recently bought a house in the suburbs . His wife continued to bring their child to daycare in town . Last week they could not afford the mortgage and daycare . His wife 's stepmom volunteered to watch the child .	PERSON dropped off her son at daycare . One of the workers told her the center was closing . PERSON would have ten days to find a new daycare . PERSON could n't find anything in her price range . She had to quit her job to care for her son .	PERSON loves kids and has three of her own . She is a stay at home mom who runs a daycare in her house . Her husband was a little nervous about money when PERSON quit . Then he noticed that PERSON makes even more from this daycare . PERSON has started a pretty good little business .	Eddie and PERSON pulled up to the daycare . It was their first time dropping off their daughter there . As they walked up to the building , PERSON began to get emotional . She teared up and sniffled . Eddie rolled his eyes .	Our 2 year old granddaughter is in daycare in LOCATION . We live in LOCATION , LOCATION . She visited us over Labor Day . When she got back to daycare on Tuesday she said she wanted to see us . We were touched .	I took my son to daycare this morning . We got in the car and buckled up . I drove across town to the daycare center . We walked in and down the hall to his classroom . He ran off to play with his friends right away , and I went back home .
pop quiz	The math teacher announced a pop quiz as class began . While some students complained , he began passing out the quiz . I took out my pencil and began to work . About 5 minutes later , I finished . I stood up feeling confident and turned it in .	PERSON had a pop quiz in science class . He panicked ! He knew he was not going to do well . Sure enough , PERSON failed the quiz . He was unhappy , but not surprised .	PERSON was feeling happy when he walked into his math class . He had gotten all his work done the previous night . But when the teacher announced a pop quiz he get nervous . Once he saw the questions he felt confident though . They all related to the work he had done the night before .	PERSON walked into math class . The teacher announced that there would be a pop quiz . The other students groaned , but PERSON smiled . She was great at math and she found the quiz very easy . She was n't surprised when she got the highest grade in the class !	PERSON 's teacher warned the students that the year would be hard . The teacher proved her point by immediately beginning a pop quiz . PERSON almost had a panic attack . The pop quiz merely asked the students questions about themselves . It was a huge relief to PERSON , and made for a fun first day 's activity .	PERSON never did his homework . One day there was a pop quiz in class . PERSON figured it would benefit him . He got a good grade on it . It kept his average higher even without the homework .	PERSON 's teacher assigned ten pages of reading . PERSON was so worried that she would be quizzed . She stayed up all night and read every page twice . She went to class the next day and could barely stay awake . Her teacher did not even give a quiz .	PERSON was bored at night . He did n't want to play videogames or watch tv . He decided to read his class material . The next day they had a pop quiz in class . PERSON got a perfect grade on it .	PERSON did not sleep well the night before . As his teacher was lecturing , he began to drift off . Soon PERSON was asleep in class . At the end of class , PERSON woke up to a pop quiz . PERSON did not know any answers and failed .
laser tag	I took my son into the laser tag game . We had to put on heavy vests . The vests had flashing lights . We ran around shooting at each other in the dark . My son and my team won the competition .	PERSON woke up and realized it was his birthday . He decided to round up his friends . They went to go play laser tag . PERSON had a great time ! PERSON decided to make laser tag a birthday tradition .	One day PERSON and his friends went to a laser tag arena . They divided into a yellow team and a blue team . The battle was intense . The yellow team won . Afterward they got pizza .	PERSON and his son went to play laser tag one day . His son PERSON was only eleven , so PERSON thought he 'd win easily . But PERSON surprised him with deadly aim and speed ! At the end of the day , there was no doubt about the winner . PERSON had to concede that PERSON had won fair and square !	PERSON challenged his sister to a game of laser tag . They walked to the arcade and suited up . Then the game started ! PERSON played valiantly , but so did his sister . In the end , PERSON lost the game !	We went to a building that advertised Laser Tag . We went inside and put on black vests . The vests were glowing with lights . We took our laser guns and got into a battle . Our team won the fight .	I went to play laser tag . If you got hit you had to return to base . You had to recharge your ammo . It was hard to hit people . My team lost .	PERSON was invited to his friends party . It was at place where you play laser tag . His mom drove him to the place . He met his friends and they played laser tag . He had a great time .	The children waited quietly in the loft of the barn . Two adults were sneaking into the entrance . The children opened fire . The adults vests buzzed . The children had won the laser tag game .
teacher	PERSON had a tough time learning to drive . As an adult , he knew other teens were struggling too . So PERSON opened up a driving school . He taught teens ways to drive safely . PERSON helped lots of people get their licenses !	PERSON was very late to class one day . She begged the teacher to not punish her . She was always a teacher 's pet so the teacher did n't punish her . PERSON was so excited and then she was late the next day . However , this time , the teacher punished her heavily .	PERSON had always wanted to be a teacher . Since he was a kid , he always liked the job . After working hard in school , he went to college . He got a job that paid well as well . Then , PERSON became a teacher for the rest of his life .	The teacher caught the student . The teacher asked the student to stay after class . The teacher lectured the student . The student acted sorry . The teacher let him off with a warning .	PERSON PERSON is a new teacher . She was nervous about her first day . She came in the class and said hello to all of the students . Everything went smoothly . She was very happy .	PERSON had a conference with her son PERSON 's teacher . PERSON had 2 fights in a week and this needed to stop . The teacher explained he and another boy seemed to dislike each other . PERSON wanted to know what needed to be done . PERSON was shocked when the teacher suggested And see a psychologist .	I wanted to be a teacher but I do n't like people . I wrote lesson plans showing people how to use money . I videotaped myself explaining money lessons to the camera . I contracted to sell my videos on AMAZON DOT COM . Now I am teacher just not in the traditional sense .	My government teacher had been very ill . She always had trouble walking . She started using a walker to get to class . Polio from childhood had severely damaged her nerves . She fell down at her desk , but she was okay .	It was PERSON 's first day as a teacher . She hoped her students would like her ! At first the class was loud and raucous . But then they settled down and introduced themselves . To PERSON 's relief , all her students were kind and friendly !
going fishing	PERSON loves to go fishing on her friend 's reservoir . Sometimes she catches catfish and bass . She forgot to buy live bait , so she only had artificial . She spent four hours fishing , but did n't catch anything . Next time she wo n't forget to buy minnows .	PERSON and PERSON wanted to go to the lake for a fishing trip . They packed up and brought the camper so they could stay the night . Once there it began to rainy so heavily that fishing was impossible ! Hoping for better weather in the morning , they went to sleep early . With clear skies at sunrise , they were free to fish all day !	PERSON invited a few friends over to go fishing . His friends arrived in the early morning . PERSON and friends rented a boat to go fishing . Bad weather began setting in near the fishing spot . PERSON and his friends had to call off their plans for the day .	PERSON decided to go fishing . He packed up his gear and hit the road . He drove until he got to his favorite fishing hole ! He fished all day . PERSON went home with three fish and had them for dinner !	PERSON went fishing with friends . He was the only one not to get any . His friends made fun but he did n't care . Tim still had fun . His friends shared their fish with him .	PERSON was sitting on his couch looking really sad . His father decided he knew what would cheer him up . PERSON 's dad loaded up their fishing poles and tackle boxes . He took PERSON to their local pond . In a few short minutes PERSON 's attitude was transformed .	PERSON was a vegan . One day his friends convinced him to go fishing . He went along but did n't actually fish . He still hung out and drank beer . It was exactly the same .	PERSON went fishing with friends . He was the only one catching fish . For some reason he had better luck . His friends were mildly upset . PERSON won them over by sharing his catch .	I woke up one very early weekend morning . I put on my clothes and left my house . It was dark still when I arrived at the pond . I sat on my boat for hours waiting for a bite . Finally , I went home after catching several fish .
fast food	PERSON was waiting in the drive through for half an hour . He had about lost his patience . When he finally got to the window he was about to scream at them . They immediately apologized before he could . They had an accident and offered free food to make it up to him .	PERSON and her friend were downtown shopping for clothes . But it was noon and it was time for lunch . It was PERSON 's first time at the food court at a mall . She had never seen so many fast food restaurants in one place . PERSON was as happy as a kid on Christmas morning .	PERSON went on a field trip . He became very hungry . The bus stopped at a mall . He got out . He ate something for lunch .	Frank wanted to lose some weight . He decided to give up fast food . He cut it out slowly , just one meal a week . That made it easier for him to handle his cravings . Within a few months , Frank never ate fast food and had lost 10 pounds !	PERSON was hungry . His wife was on her way from home . PERSON asked her to pick up some fast food . His wife got some for both of them . PERSON was thankful and got full .	I was hungry but did n't want to make food last night . I decided I wanted a hamburger . Several fast food places were open . I chose the closest one . I went to it and got some dollar menu items .	PERSON needed to find a job . He decided to apply to fast food positions . Alas , he was homeless so no one wanted to hire him . Eventually , he was offered a position as a cashier . Finally , PERSON had a job !	PERSON loved fast food . She like the variety of value menus . So she went all the time to her favorite place with a good menu . She ended up buying one of everything on the menu . And to her surprise also ended up eating it all too !	PERSON liked to go to fast food joints . He loved the dollar menu items for their variety . But his local joint stopped doing the dollar menu . He got so mad he ran into the store and showed his anger . They made him the menu items he wanted just out of fright !
tea	We drank tea Chinese style , black . One day our father brought home tea bags , He made us tea with milk and sugar . He also made tea with lemon . We had never had tea this way and were astounded .	PERSON wanted to support her kids by selling things she grew . But her fruits never flourished and her vegetables were small . She racked her brains to come up with a solution . Then she thought of a new idea : she could make homemade tea . PERSON 's tea leaves became highly sought after by the whole county !	PERSON was visiting her relatives in LOCATION . They offered her tea . She accepted because she loved drinking tea . But when she asked for cream in her tea , they laughed . In LOCATION , PERSON found , only milk was taken in tea !	PERSON loved caffeine . He read about how coffee is unhealthy . PERSON stopped drinking coffee . PERSON wanted to consume caffeine . PERSON switched to tea and felt healthier and happier .	I have a new favorite tea . The tea tastes great and I drink it every morning . This morning I did not have my favorite tea . I ran out of tea yesterday and forgot to buy more . I am going to buy more of my favorite tea after work .	PERSON wanted to make tea like his grandma used to . He called his grandma to find out how she made it . She told him the recipe . He made the recipe at his house . It tasted just like he remembered when he was a kid .	PERSON wants some tea . He went into teavana , searching for the best tea . He found most of it very sweet . He decides to buy youthberry although it tastes like juice . He drinks it all night	PERSON went to study in LOCATION for a semester . His host family drank tea constantly . Adam had never even tried tea , but he decided to sample it . To his surprise , he ended up enjoying it ! PERSON started having tea with his host family often .	PERSON grew tea leaves in her garden . Then she dried them and brewed them into tea . It was delicious ! Tea made tea sachets for all her family and friends . Everybody who tasted it loved PERSON 's homegrown tea !
PERSON 's bad luck	PERSON is having a bad day . To make things worse now his car is being towed . PERSON heads home hoping his luck will change . At home PERSON learns his girlfriend is leaving him . What a horrible day PERSON had .	PERSON was tired of being picked on by her big brother . Her complaints to her parents fell on deaf ears . She decided to get even . Enlisting the help of a friend , she set up a prank which backfired . Luckily , PERSON 's hair will grow back in a few weeks .	PERSON is on vacation in LOCATION LOCATION . He starts to gamble right away at the hotel casino . He begins playing PERSON PERSON and he loses every game he plays . He gets so upset he runs to the ATM to get more money . He loses all that money on slots .	PERSON was driving to work like any other day . He heard a horrible noise . He got a flat tire . Luckily someone stopped and helped him change it . He took the rest of the day off .	PERSON was a member of the school 's chorus . She had a lead solo in the upcoming event at school . The day of the event , PERSON got a sore throat . The teacher had to give the solo to another student . PERSON was very upset at her bad luck .	PERSON was ready to go fishing . He had been preparing for this day for weeks . PERSON was ready to set sail . PERSON gets into his boat . PERSON notices there is a hole in the boat and ca n't continue fishing .	PERSON went to the casino . He played the slots for a few hours until he hit the jackpot ! He was a millionaire and felt extremely lucky ! He decided to play blackjack and win even more . He went all in , but sadly , ended up losing everything .	PERSON was walking to his job . While walking he slips on a banana peel . PERSON needs assistance getting up . But no one is there to help him get up . Terry just lays on the ground hoping his bad luck ends soon .	PERSON was on the way home from work . He heard a loud bump as he ran over something . He stopped his car and got out . When he looked at what he ran over . It was a nail and his tire was flat !
artist	PERSON was an aspiring painter . She was low on funds and could only afford one tube of paint . She worried , then had a great idea . She mixed white paint with drops of food coloring . She ended up with six paint colors for the price of one !	Cage looked for beauty in the world around him . He loved observing life and finding adventure . His classmates decided to become lawyers and doctors . But PERSON knew he had a deeper , earthier , more artsy calling . Cage finished school and became a documentary filmmaker !	PERSON wanted to become an artist . He studied the masters - Monet , PERSON , and others . PERSON read books and took classes and thought about art a lot . PERSON finally finished his first major piece . It was sold for over a thousand dollars !	PERSON wanted to become an Artist . His dream was to have a painting in the LOCATION . His parents told him he should n't be an artist . But , PERSON decided to follow his dreams . After many years , PERSON finally had a painting of his in the LOCATION .	PERSON was n't enjoying her first day of high school . Her math and English classes had been very difficult . Even her science class was very complicated ! But then PERSON went to art class , and she was relieved . She 'd finally found a class she would excel in and enjoy !	PERSON loved to paint and she hoped to be a famous artist one day . She entered her paintings into contests and hoped to win . She knew that could be her big break . But time after time , she lost the contests . Then finally , one of her paintings took first place !	PERSON loves to paint . He paints a new painting every week . His friend owns an art gallery . His friend asked to put his art in the gallery . PERSON now makes a living as an artist .	John always wanted to be an artist . He signed up for local night classes at community college . Almost immediately , his teacher took a liking to him . At the end of the year , his peers picked him as the best artist . PERSON felt he was on the way to making his dream come true .	Will wanted to be a painter . Will took an art class at his local community college . Will worked on an oil project for many weeks . Will uploaded a photo of the painting to a website . Will got a call from someone who wanted to buy his art !
pets	PERSON went to the pet store the other day . She was going to get a fish . But then saw the cutest puppy and wanted it . Her mom told her she could n't just the fish . PERSON now has a goldfish named Puppy .	PERSON hated working at the vet clinic . She hated the animals and she hated the people . PERSON thought all of them were stupid and constantly denigrated them . People suggested maybe she should look for another job . PERSON dismissed the idea with a fresh bevy of excuses and complaints .	My sister wanted to get a rabbit for a pet . Rabbits poop all over the house . My mom still got her the pet . The rabbit was named PERSON , and was very calm . The only place it ended up pooping , was in my room .	PERSON has a cat . The cat had terrible skin . She took the cat to get an allergy test . The cat was allergic to her food . PERSON now spends lots of money on a different kind of pet food .	PERSON was a ten year old boy . PERSON lived with his parents . PERSON wanted a pet . His parents did not allow pets in the house . PERSON cried .	My son had always wanted a pet . I found two cats that needed a new home . We decided to bring them home . My son feeds them every morning . Being a pet owner makes him happy .	I need a pet . My mom decided to help me pick a pet . We went to the pet store to look around . I found a beautiful fish . My mom bought me the fist .	I was petting my cat yesterday . It tried to scratch my hand . I told it not to . It tried to do it again . I again thought talking to it was the best course of action .	My cat was sleeping in my lap . The dog ran into the room She jumped up onto our chair . The cat woke up angrily and hissed . The dog ran away , scared .
writer 's block	Becs sat down to start her novel on Sunday morning . For the first 2 hours , everything went completely smoothly . Then , at around 10AM , she ran into writer 's block . She put music on , and was inspired by the lyrics . For the next 6 hours , she wrote without stopping .	PERSON was told to have half her book done for the editor by Monday . She had had six months but could n't make herself write . In desperation she took her friend 's manuscript and used that . The editor called her and said he had consulted on the friend 's book . PERSON was humiliated , fired , and lost her friend .	PERSON decided to write a short story . She prepared by sharpening her pencil . She saw the blank paper and started to get nervous . PERSON decided she should think through what she should write about . PERSON completely forgot about her story .	I started my own fiction book not that long ago . I took my time and wrote plotlines and outlines . I even incorporated foreshadowing and symbolism . The hardest part is making transitions , in my opinion . I have n't finished yet , but I will soon .	PERSON had to write a story for his English class . He came down with a case of writer 's block . Try as he might , no ideas would come to him . He decided to write a story about how he could n't write a story . He turned in the story and got a good grade .	One day PERSON , a writer , experienced writer 's block . He sat down to brainstorm ideas . However none came . He decided to take a break until he had an idea . It worked and he got an idea !	PERSON had a bad case of writer 's block . How to fix it , she wondered ? She tried looking out the window for inspiration . She tried listening to music . Finally , she had to just write .	The writer stared at the blank page . Nothing was coming to him today . But , finally , he had a flash of inspiration . He set to typing furiously . By morning 's end , he had crafted five exquisite sentences .	PERSON sat at her desk ready to work on her novel . She put her fingers on the keyboard hoping for inspiration . She typed one sentence and had no more ideas . To get her imagination going again , she decided to turn on the radio . As soon as a new soon started , she started typing .
PERSON 's surprise	Yesterday was PERSON 's birthday . His parents decided to throw him a party . All of his little friends came . They ate cake and ice cream and played games . As he opened his gifts , his parents surprised him with a new bike .	PERSON is turning 16 this year . Her parents are planning a sweet 16 . They are going to surprise PERSON . Then they will holding the party at their house . The party was a success PERSON was in shock with her party .	Frank had a dog named PERSON . PERSON had been with PERSON for three years . One day PERSON ran away from Frank . Frank found PERSON a week later outside his door . After a few months , PERSON gave birth to five puppies !	PERSON was happy because it was her birthday . She was on her way home from work whistling . When she got to her home , all of her friends were waiting . They planned a big party . It was the best birthday PERSON ever had .	PERSON was trying to decide what to do for his birthday . He had given up , because his day fell on a Monday . He decided to go downstairs and watch TV . Soon as he got to his couch he heard `` Surprise ! '' He was so happy that his family and friends surprised him .	PERSON felt very sick one morning . She called her doctor and made an appointment . The doctor ran a series a of tests . When the results were in , the doctor smiled . He told PERSON that she was pregnant .	PERSON found out his favorite singer was coming to town . The tickets were more than he could afford . He asked his dad , who liked the singer too , for help . He told him maybe because the tickets were so expensive . His dad surprised him with tickets on the day of the concert !	PERSON was hoping to get a big bonus at work . He had worked hard at the office all year . PERSON 's boss called him into his office . PERSON was disappointed when told there would be no bonus . PERSON 's boss surprised PERSON with a big raise instead of a bonus .	PERSON 's birthday was Saturday . Her daughter wanted to surprise her , so she contacted all her friends . They all bought presents and showed up at the right time . PERSON 's daughter forgot to tell her she was having a party . So PERSON did n't show up for her own birthday party .
painting	I could n't get the picture straight . For the hundredth time I backed away and glared at it . This time is was tilted to the left ever so slightly . In a fit of rage I screamed obscenities at the thing When I finally opened my eyes it had righted itself .	PERSON wanted to give her house a makeover . She decided to paint the bedroom . She moved the furniture away from the walls . Then she painted the walls very carefully . The new color was great !	PERSON is painting the nursery for her new baby . She is usually a very careful painter . Today she is trying to paint as fast as she can . She spills paint all over the brand new carpet . PERSON 's husband is very mad and helps her clean up .	PERSON took down a painting off the wall . He stared intently at its various shades and hues . He felt captive to it , a slave . He looked away but lost his grip . The painting fell and crumbled off the canvas .	The man painted the bride . The bride was curious how it looked . She asked her husband to look . He thought the painting was beautiful . He gave the artist a large tip .	PERSON wanted to paint something for her cousin . She got some more paint from the store . She started to paint a picture . PERSON gave her cousin her painting . Her cousin loved it .	The artist wanted to make a new piece . He got some canvas and set it up . After studying it for a while , he began . Flying over the canvas with paint he worked like a whirlwind . After several hours the piece was finished .	PERSON signed up for a painting class in town . She was nervous that she would n't be as good as everyone else . She gathered her supplies and listened to the instructor . PERSON was able to follow the instructions and paint her canvas . Her painting was one of the best in class !	PERSON wanted to learn how to paint . So he bought painting supplies and a painting book . When he became better at painting , he took his canvas outside . And others watched him paint . And people admired his landscape paintings .
lottery	Icy noticed that the state lottery was very high . The jackpot was ten million dollars ! Icy decided to buy a ticket . She did not win the lottery . But she had had a great time playing and hoping !	I walked into a liquor store . I bought a lottery ticket at the store . The lottery ticket had my favorite numbers listed on it . I checked the newspapers for the winning numbers . I did not win the lottery .	PERSON wanted to play the lottery . He went to the nearest store to buy a ticket . He played all his favorite numbers . PERSON returned home to wait for the drawing . He hit the jackpot !	Cole always dreamed of winning the lottery . He noticed some lucky numbers from his fortune cookie . Jokingly he drove to the gas station to buy a ticket . He decided to use to lucky numbers from the cookie . Cole was shocked that he managed to guess the winning numbers .	PERSON decided to buy lottery tickets every week . She always bought them in the same place . She always used the same number . She lost on 100 consecutive tickets . PERSON decided to stop buying lottery tickets .	Kia bought a lottery ticket . She did not really expect to win . But when the numbers were called , she watched . And shockingly , all the numbers matched hers ! Kia had just won $ 22,000 !	PERSON was addicted to buying lottery tickets . She sometimes won small amounts , but usually wasted her money . PERSON was excited when she heard the lottery was up to 200 million . She just knew she would win , and spent $ 100 buying scores of tickets . She did n't win on a single one of them , and cursed her luck .	I found an old lottery ticket in my car . It was a 500 dollar winner . I was worried it was too old to pay out . I took it to the lottery office and it was still good . They gave me a 500 dollar check .	I had found to my delight that I had won the lottery ! I received my check for a million dollars . I spent it all on a car , clothes , shoes and furniture . After only 3 months , I had spent all of the money . I am now as poor as I was before I won the lottery .
the watch	PERSON bought a shiny watch to impress others . He put it on his wrist and set the time . Throughout the day he got a lot of compliment . Many people asked him where he had bought it . PERSON lied and said that he did n't know because it was a gift .	PERSON was at the jewelry store . She wanted to buy a new watch . She tried on each one . She liked the rose gold watch the most . She bought it and wore it home .	The kid had a new watch . It was set to go off every night at nine pm . His dad would get so annoyed when he would hear it . Finally , the dad took the batteries out . The kid was sad his watch did n't work anymore .	PERSON father was handing his son his old watch . That watch was given to PERSON father by his grandpa . PERSON felt proud about having the watch . Years later PERSON would give the watch to his son . His son will feel proud having the watch as well .	Amber was amazed with her new watch . It could show her email and connect to the internet . She had never been so techy ! Amber showed off the watch wherever she went . She felt very cool .	PERSON could n't find his favorite watch . He looked on his desk . He checked under his bed . PERSON even went into the bathroom to find his watch . His mother found the watch inside his backpack .	PERSON was always running late . Her husband bought her a watch to keep her on time . It worked great ! Soon , PERSON was on time for every appointment . The watch made a huge difference in her life .	PERSON was very sad . His grandfather had just passed away . PERSON 's parents knew he was feeling bad . They did have one thing they knew of that might cheer him up . His grandfather had left PERSON his watch .	PERSON wanted a gift for her husband . It was their 10th anniversary . She looked at every jewelry store . She found the perfect watch , but it was $ 1000 . She saved for a month and then bought it !
PERSON 's kitten	PERSON was playing outside when she found a kitten . The kitten was scared and would n't let PERSON near him . PERSON brought the kitten some food and water . The kitten cautiously approached the food and water . The kitten felt safe and let PERSON pet him .	PERSON wanted to play with her kitten , Snowball . She looked everywhere for Snowball , but could n't find him . Finally , PERSON looked in the laundry basket . She saw Snowball lying there , fast asleep . PERSON decided she would play with Snowball after he finished napping .	PERSON always wanted a kitten . One day , she saw a lonely kitty walking alone . She brought the kitten home and named it PERSON . PERSON 's parents let her keep PERSON as long as PERSON took care of her . PERSON loved PERSON very much and they became best friends .	PERSON saw a kitten all alone outside one day . She looked hungry so she begged her dad to take it in . She agreed and they welcomed it into the family . One day her older brother left the window open . PERSON 's kitten got out and was never seen again .	PERSON was a lonely kid . He had just moved to a new neighborhood where he did n't know anyone . PERSON 's mother was worried about him . She decided PERSON needed a companion , so she got him a kitten . PERSON was very happy to have his fuzzy friend .	PERSON was playing ball outside . He heard a meow and went to investigate . PERSON found a lonely kitten by the tree . The kitten licked PERSON . PERSON took the kitten home with him to keep .	PERSON received a kitten on his 10th birthday . He named her LOCATION . PERSON followed him around the house and slept with him every night . They were best buddies . PERSON was sad to leave LOCATION at home when he left for college .	PERSON found a tiny kitten wandering in the street . She wanted to keep the kitten , but her lease did not allow pets . She asked her mother if she could keep the kitten for a short while . Her mother agreed to keep the kitten for a few months . PERSON found a new apartment , and brought the kitten to live with her .	PERSON had a kitten and his name was jasper . One day she was outside with jasper and he got away from her . He ran up the tree and was afraid to come down . PERSON had to call the fire department to help her . The fire department came and rescued jasper and madelynn was so happy .
feeling sick	PERSON was feeling very sick and was in and out of the hospital . It seemed serious to her but her friends did not believe her . Her friends thought she was faking it and was not sick . As a result her friendships started to crumble . PERSON them realized these were not her real friends .	We went to the fair yesterday . It was very hot . PERSON started to feel sick . I felt badly for her . She ended up throwing up .	PERSON felt sick . He was out of medicine . PERSON decided he would sleep it off . He felt much better afterwards . PERSON sighed in relief .	PERSON started to feel nauseous at work . She tried to power through it . Her boss noticed her having a hard time . He told her to go home . She felt better after a lot of rest .	PERSON was feeling sick today . He went to the doctor . The doctor told him he had the flu . The doctor gave him some medicine . PERSON felt much better after he took it .	PERSON hardly ever got sick . One day she started getting the sniffles . She refused to believe she could possibly be getting a cold . The next day she woke up feeling even worse . PERSON went to the doctor and was diagnosed with the Flu .	PERSON had been feeling under the weather for a few days . He did n't know what it was . Eventually he decided to see a doctor . The doctor told him he had mono . PERSON got some meds and had to wait it out .	All day during work , my face was feeling hot . I persevered and finished my workload before going home . When I arrived home , I took my temperature . The thermometer read 101 degrees . I called my boss and told him I would n't be coming in tomorrow .	Last night I felt incredibly sick . When I finished my salad I felt nausea . I could n't believe how terrible I felt . I took some ginger tea as a result . Immediately I felt relief .
track	PERSON had track practice two times a week . The week of Easter they cancelled track on Monday evening . PERSON was worried he would not be ready for the meet . He was going to run by himself at least once this week . He got an email from his coach saying they added a practice .	Finian worked as a coach at a local high school . He raised money to get the school a new track . He donated the funds to the school . Due to a budget emergency , the donation was diverted to pay for staff . Finian never spent his time fundraising ever again .	My son was not much into sports growing up . He joined his high school track team , surprising us . He got very thin as he ran many miles a day . He stopped running when he got into college . He still has his track jacket from high school .	PERSON was a very slow runner when he was a kid . One day , he decided he wanted to become a fast runner . He ran five miles every single day . Then , he was able to slowly became a fast runner . PERSON was able to succeed in his goal at the end .	PERSON had track practice on Monday evening . Earlier in the day it began to snow and turned cold . PERSON was hoping that the practice would be cancelled . His parents took him to practice and they ran in the snow . After practice he was happy for the cooler weather after all .	PERSON was enrolled in no extracurricular activities . Her friend PERSON begged her to try out for track with her . PERSON was hesitant but agreed . She ran her hardest on the track that day . She was still surprised to see she had in fact made the team .	PERSON ran track for his school 's team . He practiced more than anyone else on the team . He even practiced on weekends . Unfortunately , this did not give his muscles any time to rest . Eventually he hurt himself because he did not take time to rest .	PERSON was running as fast as he could . He already passed 2 people . He had 3 more to pass . He was almost there . PERSON was near the finish line .	PERSON was on the track team at school . PERSON was frequently late to practice after class . PERSON 's coach penalized him by making him run extra laps . PERSON became the fastest boy on the team with all the practice . PERSON won the state championship in track for his school .
the glasses	PERSON was squinting . He could n't find his glasses . He knew he 'd be in trouble if he had lost them . He looked high and low . He finally found them under his bed .	PERSON was working in a factory . He had safety glasses that he wore while he worked . One day , a shard of glass broke off and hit the glasses . They had saved his eyesight ! PERSON was sure he would continue to wear the safety glasses .	PERSON got a job as a proofreader with a big firm . His first day , he broke his glasses on the way in to work . He had to squint and he was worried he was missing mistakes . He came in the next day with new glasses . He looked over the previous day 's work to make sure .	PERSON was having a hard time reading . Her eye doctor told her she needed glasses . PERSON picked out a pair and put them on . Things were so much clearer ! She was thrilled to be able to read .	PERSON had a headache . He realized he 'd been squinting when he read the chalkboard . His eye doctor told him he needed glasses . As soon as he put them on , he could see ! PERSON was happy to be headache-free !	PERSON was squinting at the book . She realized she could n't see well . She went to the eye doctor for an exam . They said she desperately needed glasses . She could finally see !	PERSON had terrible eyesight . He bought glasses to help him read . Soon , he was reading a book every week . PERSON realized his eyesight had kept him from enjoying books . Now he wanted to make up for all that lost time .	PERSON 's eyesight was poor . She got some glasses from her eye doctor . Everything looked so clear ! She went home and read a book easily . PERSON loved being able to see .	PERSON was tired of squinting . He went to an eye doctor to get his eyes checked . The doctor found glasses that would help him . Finally PERSON could see ! He felt great reading after that .
hunger	PERSON liked sports . But he hated stretching . His coach warned him about not stretching before playing . PERSON ignored his coach . He strained a muscle while playing .	PERSON was very hungry . He decided to eat a salad . His stomach continued to feel hungry . PERSON made a big steak and potato . Finally PERSON felt full .	PERSON was very hungry . He left class early to get some food . He found a vending machine . He put in a dollar . He got the food he wanted !	PERSON thought she was hungry . So she decided to cook a large meal for herself . She became engrossed in cooking . And she forgot all about her hunger . But PERSON had no choice but to eat the large meal .	I was very hungry . However , I did n't want to cook as I had just cleaned my kitchen . So , I drove around looking for somewhere to eat . I decided to go through a drive through . After eating my food I felt much better .	PERSON was hungry . Sadly , his refrigerator and pantry were empty . His wallet was empty too . He called his parents to beg for cash . His parents gave him some .	PERSON was hungry . PERSON went to his fridge to look at what he had . PERSON did not have what he needed , so he went to the store . PERSON bought the ingredients he needed . He went home to cook the dinner , which satisfied his hunger .	Today I was so busy at work that I forgot to eat anything . I ran around all day , completed tasks and attended appointments . At the end of the day I noticed I had a headache and felt sluggish . I remembered that I had n't eaten and made myself a snack . After I ate the snack I felt much better and regained my energy .	PERSON had n't eaten since noon . She was upset about something that happened with a boy . It was midnight , and she was now hungry . She stood in the fridge looking for something to eat . She sat in the dark eating cold leftover chicken .
the movie	PERSON wants to see a good movie . He reads the movie listings to see what is available . He chooses a superhero movie . PERSON walks to the movie theater . PERSON enjoys the movie that he picked out to see .	PERSON and PERSON went out to see the new movie . They bought tickets online and drove over to the theater . They got there early and bought some popcorn and soda . Then they sat down to watch the movie . It was a very good film and they talked about it on the way home .	PERSON and PERSON were going on a group outing . PERSON was going to see her crush PERSON . PERSON was going to support PERSON . The girls were dropped off at the theater by PERSON 's mom . PERSON held PERSON 's hand for support as the entered the theater .	PERSON loved watching movies . He found his favorite one on Netflix . He watched it three times in a row one night . PERSON decided to try the sequel next . He loved everything by that director !	Jason want to watch a movie . He ca n't decide between Star Wars or Deadpool Jason does some research on both movies . PERSON sounds really funny . PERSON goes to see deadpool .	PERSON was bored . She decided to rent a movie . She looked through all of the options in Redbox . She found something she had n't seen before . She popped it in and started to relax .	PERSON took PERSON to a movie . He picked a scary movie so she would be scared . PERSON was hoping PERSON would cuddle next to him . PERSON laughed through the whole movie at how bad it was . At the end of the night though , she gave him a kiss .	My friend came over to watch Netflix and chill . I put on a movie and we sat on the couch . We were both pretty tired . She fell asleep right away and I did soon after . We both slept through the night and did n't have any fun .	PERSON and her friends went to the theater . The movie they wanted to see was sold out . They settled on an older movie that got bad reviews . It was terrible ! They walked out halfway through and went out to dinner instead .
sushi	Last Monday , my son and I went to get sushi in LOCATION . We went to PERSON PERSON on Fresh Pond . We had Japanese beers , fish roe , and two combo sashimi-sushi dishes . The roe was good , and the sashimi was very tender . We had a great time and vowed to return soon .	PERSON loves to eat sushi . She decided to take a sushi making class . It was very difficult but worth it . She decided to test her skills on her family . They all loved the sushi PERSON made .	PERSON loved sushi . His mother took him out to eat once a week . PERSON was eating some sushi as his mother watched . His mother thought it looked good . Now they enjoy sushi together .	I went to LOCATION . My Japanese coworkers suggested I try sushi . I told them I was too scared of raw fish . They insisted I try sushi . I decided to try some and I loved it .	PERSON decided she wanted to learn to cook . She loved sushi , so she would start with that . She tried to make a few different rolls . It was so hard ! She decided to go to a sushi restaurant and order instead .	Today I went to the new sushi place in town . I had to wait an hour before I could be seated . When I got my seat , I decided to order three rolls . The rolls were so good that I ate them all . I have a new favorite sushi place to eat at now .	PERSON 's blind date insisted on going to the new sushi place . Kai had never had sushi and did not want to ! But he really liked the girl , so he agreed to try it . He ordered a vegetarian roll . To his delight , he loved it-as his date had said he would !	PERSON wanted to try sushi for the first time today . He looked for a good sushi restaurant on the internet . PERSON ordered the waitress 's recommendation . PERSON winced at the overwhelming taste of mayonnaise . PERSON decided he did not like sushi .	PERSON went to lunch with his boss for the first time . PERSON 's boss wanted to have sushi . PERSON was terrified at the thought of eating raw fish . He let his boss order for him since he did n't know what to eat . He secretly put his food in his napkin when his boss was n't looking .
PERSON 's first day	PERSON is a 5 year old . Her parents are taking her to school . It is her first day and she is nervous . She gets to school . She says goodbye to her parents and begins her first day of school .	PERSON is a new student . It is the first day of school . PERSON is nervous because she wants to make friends . PERSON meets a girl named April and they become fast friends . PERSON is not nervous anymore .	PERSON had just started school . Her mother dropped her off at school . PERSON began to cry when her mother left . Her mother returned in the afternoon . PERSON said she did n't want to go back .	It was PERSON 's first day of school . She was feeling quite nervous . She was excited to see friends but nervous to see enemies . Luckily she found out her enemies moved away . PERSON finally breathed a sigh of relief .	PERSON 's dad got a new job . Their family had to move across the state . PERSON hated leaving her friends . She was nervous on her first day at a new school . PERSON made two new friends on her first day .	It was PERSON 's first day of school . He put on his uniform . PERSON made sure he ate breakfast . He picked up his bag and walked to the door . Finally , he told his mom goodbye and walked to the bus stop .	PERSON was nervous for her first day of third grade . While trying to find her class , PERSON became lost . She started to cry but then a boy named PERSON took her hand . PERSON led PERSON to their classroom . PERSON and PERSON became best friends .	It was PERSON 's first day as a teacher . She was nervous . PERSON walked over to her desk . Her desk was covered in apples from students . This made PERSON less nervous to teach .	Today was PERSON 's first day of kindergarten . She did not want to go to school . She cried when her mother left her in the big classroom . Later that day , she made a new friend named PERSON . PERSON does n't want to leave school now .
grocery shopping	PERSON was at the grocery store . He was shopping for something to cook for dinner . PERSON was n't sure what to get . He saw that ground beef was on sale . PERSON decided to get the ground beef for burgers .	I needed to get to the grocery store . However I did not have any means of transportation . I looked in my phone book to see who I can call for help . I called my brother . He came to pick me up 20 minutes later .	When I was a child i loved going grocery shopping with my mom . My brothers and sisters also like going grocery shopping . We took turn going shopping . Due to my age i cried the last day me and my mom shopped . Today i always take my mom shopping when i visit her .	PERSON was grocery shopping . She made a list of everything she needed . Unfortunately she forgot the list at home . PERSON tried to wing it . She wound up forgetting half the things .	PERSON brought some reusable bags to the store . She checked out the produce section . PERSON then selected some spices . She got in line at the checkout . Then she paid for her groceries .	PERSON went shopping for some groceries . His wife made him a list of things to get . PERSON covered everything on the list . He got a few extra things for himself as well . PERSON 's wife told him he did a good job .	My husband and I went to the supermarket today to buy groceries . We used the weekly circular to determine which items were on sale . We bought celery , lettuce , cottage cheese , and eggs . The self checkouts had the shortest lines . We paid for our groceries and were on our way .	PERSON arrived at the grocery store . She found flour , sugar , and oil on the same aisle . She had to go to the refrigerated section to find eggs . The cashier asked her what she was baking . She told him she was making a cake .	PERSON needed groceries . So he drove to the store to buy them . He wandered the aisle picking things he wanted to eat . At the checkout counter he realized he had forgotten his wallet . PERSON went home without his groceries .
accident	The teacher began her lesson . A student asked to use the restroom . The teacher refused the request . The student had an accident . The parents of the student sued the school .	PERSON was walking home from school . As she walked , she texted her friend . She started to cross the street without looking up from her phone . An oncoming car hit her ! Luckily , PERSON was not badly injured .	PERSON was in a minor car accident . He hit someone 's passenger door . Luckily , no one was in the passenger seat ! The two drivers got out to exchange info . Then PERSON drove home , glad he had n't injured anyone .	PERSON was on the way to work in his car . It was raining that day and he was trying to drive carefully . When coming up to a light , he put on his brakes . To his surprise , the car skidded on the pavement into the car in front Luckily , there was no damage to either car .	PERSON just got out of a party . He was driving and suddenly he got hit . Another car hit into his . The cops came by . They took the insurance .	PERSON was playing basketball . He went to jump up and fell . As he fell he landed on his shoulder . PERSON went to the doctor . The doctor diagnosed him with a torn ligament .	I was driving in my hybrid car near my house . My neighbor 's son was riding his bicycle along the same road . Suddenly , he swerved his bicycle in front of my car . I could not hit the brakes in time and hit him . The coroner said that he had died on impact .	I went to a LOCATION football game tailgate . We had a few beers before the game . As we went to our seats , I stopped at the bathroom . I managed to shut my finger in the bathroom door . I spent the game getting stitches in the first aid area .	PERSON was driving his car along a coastal road . He was n't paying attention and ran off the road . He hit the guardrail and tumbled down the cliff . His car crashed into the ocean and started to sink . PERSON unbuckled and rolled down the window , and was ok .
dancer	PERSON is a talented dancer . She has moved a new apartment that has space for her to practice . Unfortunately , she is on the second floor of the building . She receives many complaints because she dances too loudly at night . PERSON has to look for another place now that is on the bottom floor .	PERSON was invited to her school 's homecoming dance . But she did n't know any dance steps at all ! She thought her date would laugh , but he confessed a secret . He did n't know any dance moves , either ! The two happy teens enjoyed their dance with four left feet !	PERSON always loved dancing . His friends made fun of him for this . PERSON decided to go to college for dancing . After he graduated , he became very famous . Now his friends do n't make fun of him for dancing !	PERSON wanted to become a grand dancer . She begged her mom to take her to dance lessons . After quite a bit of begging her mom took her for the first time . PERSON loved every moment of it and continued taking dance classes . When PERSON grew up she became an awarded salsa dancer .	Rose wanted to learn to dance ballet . But she was so clumsy and had two left feet ! Then a friend suggested she try yoga to limber up . The stretches and poses soon had Rose graceful and strong . The yoga helped her excel in her ballet classes !	PERSON was auditioning for a spot at dance school . She was so nervous ! She stumbled in her dance . She thought for sure they would not take her . But then they informed her she had passed the test !	PERSON was a great ballerina . She dreamed of performing in the Nutcracker . She auditioned for the lead Sugar Plum Fairy . She was called back onto the stage . She got the lead Sugar Plum Fairy !	PERSON and PERSON wanted to show off at their wedding . Neither knew how to dance , so they signed up for lessons . In a few weeks they were great at a lot of dances . Sure enough , they wowed the whole audience at their wedding ! Everyone loved their impressive dancing !	PERSON was a ballerina and loved dancing . Then one day she stumbled and hurt her foot . She was terrified she would never dance again . But her doctor bandaged it well and reassured her . Sure enough , after two months her foot was as good as new !
PERSON wins big	PERSON was shopping one day . He see 's a sign for the powerball . He decides to buy a ticket . He goes home and goes to sleep . The next day he wakes up and checks his ticket and won !	PERSON is on vacation in LOCATION LOCATION . He decides to go to the casino . He tries his hand in playing some slots . He puts his money into the machine and plays . PERSON wins the big prize from the slot machine .	PERSON is down at the race track . He is betting on a horse . He puts all his money down on the race . His horse wins the race . PERSON wins big at the race track .	PERSON was n't having any luck at the slots . He thought it just was n't his day . He was down to his last quarter . He decided to put it in the slot and pull . PERSON 's eyes lit up with joy as he hit the jackpot .	PERSON was coming home from work . She decided to stop by a gas station to fill up . She overheard people talking about the big jackpot . She decided to take a chance and bought a ticket . The next morning to PERSON 's surprise she had won the jackpot !	PERSON was at the gas station . He needed to fill up his car with gas . He went inside and saw a sign for power ball . He thought it could n't hurt to try . PERSON buys the winning ticket and becomes a millionaire .	PERSON was a poor old man . He lived most of his life on the streets . He stumbled into a gas station . He wanted something to eat but found a lottery ticket . The ticket PERSON found was the winning ticket .	It was PERSON 's 25th birthday . He wanted to celebrate with his best friends . They decided to go to the casino . At the casino , PERSON won a million dollars ! PERSON invested his money into a high interest savings account .	PERSON is driving home from work . He pulls over and gets some gas . He buys a lottery ticket . PERSON goes back home . The next day he realizes he has won the whole jackpot .
allergic reaction	PERSON was eating at a friend 's house . He had a seafood allergy . His friend did n't know about the allergy . The soup had seafood in it . PERSON got a mild allergic reaction .	PERSON was allergic to peanuts . PERSON and his family went to a holiday party . There was lots of food and lots of desserts . PERSON picked a m & m cookie off the table . He broke out into a rash not knowing it was a peanut m & m cookie .	PERSON was eating a bowl of strawberries yesterday . However to her dismay , something strange happened . She realized that she was allergic to the berries . Her arms started breaking out in hives . PERSON immediately ran to the doctor .	My family came into a restaurant . We ordered several items . Without asking for my permission , my mom ordered for me . Although I was mad , I ate the food . The peanuts inside of the good gave me an allergic reaction .	Harry went on a forest trip with his class . Harry played several activities with his classmates . His classmates dared him to touch a bee nest . Harry touched it . Harry was stung by many bees and had to go to the hospital .	PERSON bought new make up . She liked how it looked and put a lot on . After a while it get really itchy and puffy . PERSON realized she was allergic to it . She had to wash it off immediately .	PERSON was allergic to peanuts . He was at a birthday party . His friends did n't know about his allergy . They accidentally fed him food with peanuts in it . PERSON had an allergic reaction and almost died .	PERSON was outside playing . All of a sudden she was stung by a bee . Her arm became very swollen and red . PERSON had to go to the hospital . She was having an allergic reaction to the bee sting .	PERSON was at a cafe . He decided to get a muffin . PERSON did n't realize the muffin had exotic nuts in it . He started having an allergic reaction . It was n't severe but PERSON learned of a new allergy .
new bike	PERSON did n't like wasting gas driving to nearby places . So he bought a bicycle . He used his city 's bike path . And he enjoyed beating traffic . PERSON ended up using his bike more than his car .	PERSON broke his old bike trying a jump . His parents were worried he would get hurt . They decided not to buy him a new bike . PERSON saved up his allowance and bought his own . His parents were worried but allowed it .	PERSON went to the store to look for a new bike He found a shiny new blue one that he loved . Unfortunately the bike cost more then PERSON had to spend . He did odd jobs for a week to raise the money . PERSON went back to the store and purchased the bike .	PERSON wanted a new bike . He did not have enough money for one . He decided to save up . He also did odd jobs for money . He finally had enough for a new bike .	PERSON was used to riding the bike with training wheels on . However her mother said she could take them off finally . PERSON 's parents got her a brand new bike without training wheels . PERSON immediately went on it . However to her dismay she fell and skinned her knee .	PERSON wanted a bike . He went to several stores that sold bikes but they cost too much . PERSON noticed his neighbor was selling a bike . The neighbor offered the bike to PERSON in exchange for yard work . PERSON agreed and rode the bike home to get his lawnmower .	PERSON had an old bike . He loved riding it . Unfortunately it was somewhat dangerous . For his birthday his parents bought him a new one . PERSON was extremely happy .	PERSON did n't like walking to school . So she saved up money for a bike . She was happy about how much shorter her walk to school was . And eventually , she began to bike to faraway places in her town . PERSON was glad she bought a bike .	PERSON just got a new bike that his dad gave him . It was PERSON 's first bike . So PERSON called his friends up to go ride bikes . They agreed to ride bikes . So PERSON all over town happy with his new bike .
cruise	PERSON wanted to go on a cruise . She saved her wages for months . Then she booked a cruise . She sailed to the Mexican riviera . PERSON loved her cruise !	My wife 's boss PERSON went on a cruise last year . One day they offered tooth whitening . PERSON and his wife had their teeth done . PERSON said his teeth hurt afterward . When they returned he had to see a dentist .	I wanted to go on a cruise as I had never been on one before . For 2 years , I saved money every month from my paychecks . I went online to purchase a ticket for the cruise . The prices had increased dramatically compared to 2 years ago . I was n't able to afford the trip , so I bought myself a tv instead .	The PERSON family went on a cruise for their summer vacation . After the ship departed , they ate dinner on the deck of the ship . Unfortunately , the Smiths got food poisoning and were sea sick ! They went to the ship doctor for medicine to make them better . From then on , the Smiths went to the beach each summer instead .	I decided to go on a cruise . I booked a trip for my wife and I for a four day Bahamas cruise . It was everything we could have dreamed of . Alas , when we returned home we realized how much we missed the cruise . We decided to book another one !	PERSON entered a contest at the local grocery store . She submitted her name and phone number . Three weeks later she got a phone call . The contest administrators were calling to say she 'd won ! PERSON got a free cruise to the LOCATION !	PERSON and her family went on a cruise . They had an amazing journey . On one stop they missed the boat . They had to fly to their next destination . It cost them a ton of money .	PERSON was going on a cruise for her vacation . She was quite excited . She could n't wait to go . As she walked on the ship she realized something . She left her bag at home .	The man put the car on cruise control . A car in front of him was going too slow . The man took the car off of cruise control . He passed the car when it was safe . He put the car back on cruise control .
waiting	PERSON sat in the plastic chair . Her legs were sticking to the material . She lifted one leg from the chair . It made a long sticking sound like velcro . She wished she were wearing pants instead .	PERSON 's teacher was surprised to see her return from recess early . PERSON wanted to search PERSON 's desk when she was alone . But she did n't want the teacher to know this . PERSON made up a story about having a headache . She was happy the teacher believed her story .	PERSON was so excited for prom . She could hardly wait ! She counted down every day for months . It dragged on forever - she was so eager ! Finally it was prom night , and PERSON was so happy !	PERSON waited for his mom to finish working . He was hungry and wanted a snack . Finally , his mom finished her work . She made him a sandwich . PERSON ate the sandwich happily .	PERSON wanted to use the phone but her mother was on it . She rushed her mom off the phone . Her mother gave her an angry stern look . PERSON was upset her mother would n't hurry up . She lay in her bed and fell asleep waiting for the phone .	PERSON 's birthday was only a month away . His mom asked him to give her a birthday list . He wrote down just one thing , a movie he had wanted to see . The waiting for the ensuing month was almost excruciating for him . PERSON ended up getting the movie for his birthday , and he loved it .	PERSON was waiting on her grandma to finish gardening . As she sat on the porch her mother pulled up . This meant PERSON was going home . She ran to the garden to say goodbye to her grandma . As she jumped in the car she was relieved to be finally going home .	PERSON was supposed to pick his daughter up from school . PERSON lost track of time because he was watching TV . PERSON 's daughter had to walk home alone . When she got home , she was crying and yelled at PERSON . PERSON felt horrible and promised it would never happen again .	The man waited in line . He tried to talk to the lady in front of him . She did not want to talk . The man felt uncomfortable after that . He got out of line to go home .
english test	PERSON has an English test tomorrow . He has not studied at all . He decided to go to a party instead . When PERSON got to his test , he tried his best . However , PERSON made a bad grade .	PERSON has a big English test . He was extremely stressed about it and made himself sick . When he got to class , he was very nervous . The teacher gave out the tests and PERSON got sick . He went home without taking his test .	PERSON has a English test . She has been studying . She was not surprised when the teacher moved the test up . PERSON was ready and could not wait to take the test . She made a 100 and was happy she had been studying .	PERSON has an English test tomorrow . He decided to go out instead of studying . When he got to class , he was n't ready for his test . He did not know anything . He failed his test .	PERSON has an English test tomorrow . He also has a football game . He completely forgot to study . When he got to class he tried to cram . PERSON passed his test but did not make a good grade .	PERSON has an English test tomorrow . He also has a birthday party to go to . Instead of studying he went to the party . He figured he could study at school . PERSON ran out of time and failed his test .	PERSON has an English test tomorrow . She has studied all week . She felt prepared . When she got to class , she started to feel anxious . PERSON took her test and did well .	PERSON had a English test in the morning . She was worried she would not do well . She stayed up all night studying . When she got to school the next day , she fell asleep at her desk . PERSON slept through her entire test .	PERSON has an English test tomorrow . She has been studying all week . When she got to the test , she went blank . She could not remember anything . PERSON failed her test .
poison ivy	I had been immune to poison ivy my entire life . Two summers ago I went for a walk in the woods . Hours later , itchy bumps formed on my hands . I panicked because I did n't know what was wrong . A friend told me I was no longer immune to poison ivy .	PERSON did n't want to follow the rest of the girl scouts on the hike . She decided to sneak off the trail . She congratulated herself on getting out of a long hike . As she waited for her troop to return , she started scratching . She soon realized she had tromped through poison ivy .	PERSON is a man who never contracted poison ivy . He was convinced that he was immune to the toxic plant . As a joke , he stuffed a handful of poison ivy leaves into his pants . The next morning , his crotch felt like it was on fire . Jeff no longer brags about being immune to poison ivy .	PERSON was mowing the grass . He did not wear long pants . When he came inside , he began itching . PERSON looked down and saw he had gotten in poison ivy . PERSON had to go to the ER for an allergic reaction .	PERSON went hiking in the woods . She went off the designated trail . Her skin brushed against many plants . Later she became very itchy . She realized she had walked through poison ivy .	PERSON developed a rash on her hands and arms . She went to her doctor to get a diagnosis . PERSON 's doctor told her that she had poison ivy . He prescribed some medications to help her recover . PERSON was glad she went to the doctor when her rash cleared up .	PERSON was in the woods hiking one day . He fell into a patch of greenery . At first he was n't worried . Then he saw the red rash on his arms . PERSON had fallen into poison ivy !	PERSON went for a walk in the woods . He carried his water bottle with him in case he got thirsty . He dropped his water bottle on the ground . As he reached for it , his hand brushed against some poison ivy . PERSON spent the next few days itching the rash it caused .	PERSON was out hiking . He walked through some weeds . The next day his skin was itchy and inflamed . PERSON realized he walked through poison ivy . He had to get lotion for it .
clothes	PERSON had a date tonight . She did not know what to wear . She looked in her closet for hours . She tried on clothes for a long time . PERSON 's date arrived but had to wait for her to be ready .	I had a pretty party dress that I wanted to wear to class . I put it on , together with fancy shoes and some fake pearls . Thinking that I looked spectacular , I proudly walked into class . The whole class started to laugh . Apparently , it is unacceptable to wear a party dress to class .	I threw the clothes on the ground . I did n't care to take them to the laundry basket . It was beginning to overflow . I was so depressed I did n't want to do anything . I finally did the laundry after a month .	I was at a rock concert . The lead singer threw free shirts to the audience . Unfortunately mine was too big . I saw a guy that had one that was too small . We exchanged shirts and were very happy .	PERSON is a size six in clothes . PERSON wants her to be a size two . He bought her lots of size two clothes . She was very offended . Now they are not a couple .	PERSON needed new clothes . He shopped online . He did n't find what he wanted . He went to a local store . He found the best clothes there .	PERSON was in desperate need of new clothes . He felt so bland in the outfits he was wearing . He went online to try to find some deals . He filled his virtual cart with items he wanted . He grew excited as he clicked ` purchase ' .	I had lost my job and was unable to afford new clothes . I put on a shirt that had holes in it and went to a thrift store . I asked them if they had any old clothes to spare . The thrift store manager gave me a bag of clothes . I was very grateful for the gift .	PERSON went to the thrift store . He was searching for a leather coat . He found out for a good price but abraham is kind of cheap . He tried to haggle with the worker . The worker was n't having it and kicked him out .
moving	When I was 5 , my dad accepted a new job in LOCATION . We lived in LOCATION at the time , so we had to move far away . We were worried about leaving all of our friends and family . When we moved , we found that everyone was very nice . We had no reason to worry , because we made a lot of new friends .	I needed an apartment for graduate school . So yesterday I went looking for one . I found a nice apartment but it was in a boring town . At first I was apprehensive because of this . However thinking about it , I decided it was worth it .	PERSON found out his dad was moving . He became sad . He decided to run away . His mom could not find him anywhere . PERSON finally came home and was ground for 6 weeks .	We had good friends in our condo from 1993 to 1998 . Our friends moved back to LOCATION in 1998 . My 9 year old son was very sad , and cried on moving day . We helped them move and waved goodbye . They moved back to LOCATION LOCATION in 2001 , much to our joy .	I had to move cities for my new job . I only had 3 days to move . I rented a big truck . I packed all my things away . I showed up at my new house and everything was broken .	PERSON was living in a nice apartment . He had lived there for a few years . He decided it was a time for a change . He searched online for a new apartment and went there to visit . He signed a new lease and moved there immediately .	PERSON wanted to move to LOCATION , LOCATION . She saved up for the move and looked for work in the area . She found work with a hotel in the city . She moved there and found the atmosphere amazing . PERSON felt that she was living the dream .	PERSON decided to move to a new home . She asked a friend to help her with moving . They packed and moved some stuff . Her friend accidentally broke PERSON 's favorite vase . PERSON told her friend not to worry about it .	PERSON was all excited for the big move . He had spent months planning for this big day . He sold his house and just bought a new one in a better area . He rented a truck and packed it up . When he got the new keys he was overflowing with excitement .
the computer	PERSON loved technology . He got a new computer . It had all the bells and whistles . He installed some games on it and started playing . The computer was so much fun !	PERSON 's computer was broken . He called repair centers to get it fixed . However , they charged a lot of money . PERSON 's friend offered to fix it for free . PERSON was very grateful to his friend .	The kid asked for a few big things for Christmas . A new computer was at the top of his list . When he opened his presents , he hoped he would see a computer waiting . It was in the last package he opened ! The kid was so excited to play with it .	PERSON loves to play on his computer all the time . His parents told him if he ever acted bad they would take it away . One day PERSON decided not to do his chores and talked back . His parents took the computer away and erased all the information . PERSON learned then not to behave bad or there are consequences .	PERSON 's laptop was too slow to even run Minecraft . PERSON 's mom suggested he earn money to buy a new computer . PERSON opened a lemonade stand in front of his house . Because PERSON 's lemonade was delicious , his stand was a huge success . Within a week , he had earned enough money to buy a better computer .	PERSON was buying supplies for college . She needed a new computer . She went to the computer store to learn about them . The salesman suggested a Dell . She looked closely at it , then made a purchase .	PERSON had always been very good with computers . In class one day , PERSON PERSON 's computer stopped working . PERSON raised his hand and offered to help . She accepted his help . PERSON fixed the computer and was praised by PERSON PERSON .	PERSON was working on her laptop . She had owned it for ten Year 's . It had been working fine . Suddenly is started to get hot . Then flames shot out from the bottom and it died .	PERSON bought an expensive computer . Unfortunately , it was broken within weeks . PERSON wrote an angry review online . The computer contacted PERSON , offering him a replacement computer . PERSON was impressed with their good service .
trip	I wanted to go to LOCATION . I thought about taking a boat . I thought about taking a car . In the end , I took the train . The train got me there much more quickly !	In 2008 we were going to visit LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . Our daughter was studying there . The day before , my wife tripped and broke her foot . She had to wear a boot and crutches . The trip was not that pleasant .	We made plans to go to LOCATION . We wanted to visit my husband 's mother . She was getting married for the second time . We drove for three days to get there . When we arrived , we were devastated to hear the wedding was cancelled .	I took my girlfriend out to a new plaza that recently opened up . We walked around several of the outlet stores . She pointed to a shoe store . We went in to check out the deals . When we left , I treated her to some dinner before we left .	My boyfriend returned home from LOCATION . He told me stories about what he and his army friends did for fun . I was enthralled by the stories . I laughed and enjoyed hearing the sound of his voice again . He told me he hoped he would never get sent away again .	When I was a child my family would drive to LOCATION LOCATION . The trip took a few hours . So , of course I would get really bored . One year , my dad finally came up with a cure for this problem . He bought me a handheld game console and I stopped being bored .	PERSON bought stylish new curly shoe laces . They did not tie - they simply spiraled outwards . But soon she found that they made her shoes very loose . In fact , she tripped and fell on the second day ! The painful ankle sprain convinced PERSON to return to regular laces !	PERSON had her jewelry in a small Tupperware with drawers . Her jewelry fit in the Tupperware easily . But the drawers were loose , and opened too easily . PERSON worried that her jewelry could fall out of the drawers . Just then she tripped on her own shoe .	PERSON went to meet her boyfriend . She had to take 2 trains . Her boyfriend picked her up . He took her to the mall . PERSON went back home after .
power outage	PERSON was watching television . The television turned off by itself . He realized that there was a power outage . He decided to look for a flashlight . The power came back on as he stood up to look for a flashlight .	PERSON was watching television when the power went out . He called the power company to complain . They told him a driver hit an electrical poll . PERSON understood the situation and waited for them to fix it . He had his power back on within a day .	The PERSON family was eating dinner . The electricity went out . It would n't be fixed for hours . They decided to have family time for fun . They did it under candle light and had fun .	PERSON was working . She was on her laptop . All the sudden she lost power . She was scared . She had no backup .	PERSON and PERSON were playing a video game . The power went out in the middle of their game . They decided to play Magic the Gathering until the power was restored . They had a lot of fun playing the card game together . They continued to play Magic even after the power came back on .	PERSON was watching his favorite show . It was a crime drama and thriller . He was in suspense as the mystery was about to be solved . Suddenly , the TV went blank and the lights went out . There was a power outage .	I dragged myself out of bed and got ready for school . It was raining outside and it showed no signs of stopping . Naturally I was running late and the weather was making my drive slow . I pulled into the parking lot and saw that everybody was outside . They had cancelled school because the storm knocked out the power .	PERSON was doing her homework online when the storm came . She was already late turning in the weekly assignment . When she heard the first thunder , she started typing faster . She made it halfway through when the storm knocked out the power . She did n't get a chance to turn in her assignment .	Yesterday a large storm swept the town . Immediately we lost power . It was terrible . My fridge was n't working nor were my electronics . Thankfully we got it back today .
the cheater	PERSON forget to study for his math test . He had a D and really needed to pass this test . PERSON realized that he could see his classmate 's paper . PERSON copied her answers . PERSON got an A on the test but his classmate was accused of cheating .	PERSON was sure her husband was cheating on her , he often smelled . She hired a private investigator to follow him around his day . The investigator messaged her to meet up with having news for her . When they met up the investigator confirmed her worst fears . Her husband had been cheating on her with several men , she was in awe .	PERSON was a teacher at a local school . One day she gave her students a test . She caught a student cheating on the test . She sent the student to the office . She picked up the student 's test and gave him an F.	PERSON confessed to cheating on the test . The teacher gave him an F on his paper , and sent him to the principal . The principal asked why he was there . PERSON thought , and said he had been molested by his teacher . The teacher was promptly fired , and PERSON got an A on his test .	PERSON taught a class of fifth graders . One of her students , PERSON was always making trouble . PERSON had recently gotten an A + on a math test . PERSON suspected that PERSON had cheated to get the grade . However , PERSON had no proof .	PERSON started dating a boy from class . Things were going great . One day , PERSON found a shirt that was n't hers in her boyfriend 's room . PERSON asked him and he confessed to cheating . She dumped him right away .	PERSON had a wonderful relationship and a best friend . He was very happy with both of them . Unfortunately one day PERSON 's girlfriend admitted to cheating . She told him it was with his best friend . They broke up and she started dating the friend .	PERSON is a very competitive girl . One day she was playing a game with friends and having fun . She was winning the game until she made a mistake . She could n't bare the thought of losing and became desperate . So instead of trying harder she decided to cheat and won the game .	PERSON 's husband had been acting strange lately . Well , he stopped caring if they had sex . One evening he turned her down , saying no to sex . So PERSON convinced a friend to follow her husband around . PERSON 's friend caught PERSON 's husband intimate with a colleague .
school dance	PERSON always came early from school to take care of his granddad . PERSON would read to him and cook his food . When he had a chance to go to a dance at school , he refused . But his granddad urged him to go telling him he 'd regret not going . PERSON found someone to take care of his granddad and went dancing .	PERSON did not have anybody to go with to the school dance . On the last day , she was happy that her friend PERSON asked her to go . The two went to the dance and had a great time . Eventually they started dating . They eventually fell in love and got married .	PERSON and his friends went together to the school dance . Because PERSON loved to dance , he made a beeline to the dance floor . He got so caught up he did n't realize the music had stopped . He looked around him , seeing he was the only one dancing . He was embarrassed when everyone started clapping .	PERSON asked PERSON to the school dance . He bought her a pretty wrist corsage . They talked and found they had a lot in common . PERSON invited her to the zoo with his family . She waited , but he never called her again .	PERSON was excited about the school dance . She was going to go to the dance with PERSON . PERSON got the flu a day before the dance . He was n't able to join PERSON . PERSON went to the dance with her friends .	PERSON needed a date for the school dance . He decided he was going to ask PERSON . He was nervous she would say no . Thankfully she said yes when he asked her . They went to the dance and had a good time .	PERSON and his friends went to their middle school dance . PERSON loved to dance so he was excited . The music was blaring when they went out on the dance floor . PERSON closed his eyes , getting totally caught up in the music . All of a sudden he realized the music had stopped but he had n't !	My Daughter , PERSON , planned to attend her school dance . This was her first dance , as she was only in the fifth grade . She was nervous about dancing in front of her friends . I watched PERSON enter the gym and greet her classmates . After the dance she said she had a wonderful time .	One year at the school dance they provided free pizza . I was never much of a dancer so I just hung out around the place . Towards the end of the dance I started to get fairly hungry . My friends and I decided that we wanted some pizza . When we got to it they were all out of pizza and we were upset .
too close	PERSON was trying to park downtown . There were only tight spots available . PERSON was never that good at parallel parking . He tried one spot for over a minute . Eventually he gave up and parked away from downtown .	I backed up to an exaggerated distance . I said that she was always giving me a hard time . My friend told me that I was too close to a woman . She said that the woman was married . This was at a wedding .	The family got together to eat dinner . My grandfather suddenly caught his chest . He started to have a heart attack . We took him to the hospital . The doctors were able to stabilize him .	PERSON had a stalker . He popped up in bushes and around corners . PERSON started to get scared . So she called the police . She put out a restraining order on him .	PERSON made a turn onto the highway . As she was driving , a drunk driver approached her . He was n't paying much attention and skipped two lanes . His car ended up into the lake after crashing into the border . PERSON stopped her car to investigate the damage .	PERSON was eating her lunch at work outside . She was talking to her friend when a bird landed on her chair . PERSON let out a little shout and the bird flew off . Her friend laughed and wanted to know why she shouted . PERSON was just shocked the bird would come so close .	I tried to run in the rainy in order to get to class . I managed to make it through the front door as soon as the bell rung . The teacher asked everyone to take out their homework . When I took out mines , it was soaked . The teacher did n't accept it .	PERSON communicated with the other boat using sonar . In the tiny submarine , he sent out a single ping from the ship . The ping bounced back after a moment . PERSON told the captain that the ship was only 20 feet ahead of them . The captain gasped and they hit the underside of the boat .	PERSON came off the bus . Since he had 3 minutes to reach his physics class on time , he ran . He managed to get into the building with the classroom . The professor walked in and closed the door . When PERSON tried to knock , he ignored him .
new shoes	PERSON was never so happy as when she was buying shoes . She was always on the prowl . Hunting and looking , she would keep an eye on all the sales . Shopping for shoes was her hobby you might say . She was very good at it and had an impressive collection .	MY shoes were getting very worn and smelly . I decided that I should get some new shoes . I was n't sure what brand to get but really liked Adidas . I went to the mall with some friends and looked around . Adidas was so expensive that I ended up buying Nike !	PERSON needed new shoes . He decided to go shopping . He found the best pair . However they were too expensive . PERSON had to find another pair .	PERSON was eight Year 's old and growing fast . One day his mom noticed that his shoes were too small for his feet . She took him to the mall to get new shoes . LOCATION tried on many shoes before he found the perfect pair . He was certain that his new shoes were the best in existence .	PERSON wanted a new pair of shoes . The ones she wanted were out of stock . She decided to settle on a different pair . When she got to the checkout , she was excited they were on sale . She was able to buy a dress too .	PERSON needed new shoes . The shoes she had were grungy . Thankfully her mother took her shopping . PERSON picked up a great pair . She loved them .	PERSON bought a new pair of white tennis shoes . They were expensive and he was excited . It had n't rained for days . When he went out within minutes he walked in a puddle . He did n't know how it was even there and was really upset .	The family went to the mall . They all needed shoes . They cooperated to find the shoe store . They all got fitted for shoes . The whole family found new shoes .	I needed a new pair of shoes . I traveled everywhere to find the perfect pair . Finally I found a nice pair of shoes . When I tried them on they were amazing . Thankfully I purchased them .
oranges	PERSON sold oranges . He sold them on the street . One day a car came and smashed his orange basket . All of the oranges were destroyed . However the driver decided to buy all of the destroyed oranges .	PERSON and PERSON were roommates . PERSON had planned on going to the store . PERSON asked PERSON if he needed anything from the store . PERSON replied he needed oranges . PERSON brought home oranges from the store .	Sue loved oranges . She would eat them all the time . One day during the holidays she was given an orange made of chocolate . It was confusing at first to her . But she ended up liking orange flavored chocolate even more .	I was hungry for fruit . I decided to go shopping . I bought some oranges . When I got home I realized they were moldy . I cried in frustration .	PERSON decided to go to an orange orchard today . She 's been looking forward to this trip all month . She was given a basket to fill to her heart 's content . She spent two hours picking out the best oranges she could find . She went home with a basket filled to the brim with oranges .	PERSON wanted to be healthier . He also loved delicious foods . He decided to eat more fruit . He went to the store . He bought a lot of oranges .	PERSON loved oranges . She really wanted to buy some for her friends . She went to the store . She bought a huge pack . She shared it with them .	PERSON had a friend who was blind . His friend had never had a LOCATION orange before . PERSON tried to describe how the orange tasted . PERSON was unsuccessful as the venture is impossible . PERSON 's blind friend ate the fruit to learn its taste .	I decided to go to vacation in LOCATION . I visited an orange farm in LOCATION . I asked a farmer if I could try one of the oranges . He picked an orange fresh from the tree ! It was the most tasty orange I had ever had .
hot coffee	PERSON loved drinking coffee every morning . The hotter the better . For her birthday she got a new coffee maker . It was the best gift she could get . She was excited for days .	PERSON made himself a big cup of coffee in the morning . As he took a sip , the coffee spilled all over his arm . The scalding hot coffee seriously burned his arm . PERSON rushed himself to the hospital . He was released later that day after getting treatment for his burns .	PERSON was at work but needed a coffee , he stepped out to get one . Upon arrival he noticed the line was very long . He noticed a friend further up in line and sent him a text message . His friend checked the phone , and placed PERSON 's order for him . PERSON got his coffee without having to wait in the long line .	PERSON wanted cold coffee because it was a hot day . But she did not have time to make cold brew coffee . So she made coffee normally and put it in a mug . She left the mug in the refrigerator but left the cap on . Four hours later , the coffee was still hot .	PERSON was drinking his morning coffee . He did n't notice that his coffee was scalding hot . PERSON burned his upper lip while taking a sip . He screamed in pain . Afterwards , PERSON got an ice-pack for his burn .	Sue ordered coffee . She knew it would be hot . She went to take a sip and forgot it was hot . Sue burned her tongue . She decided to be more careful .	PERSON made coffee for his guests . He warned them that is was very hot . One of the guests ignored the warned . She burnt her tongue and cried out . PERSON shook his head and said it was hot .	PERSON was excited to brew her first cup of coffee . She got all the ingredients together to make everything . She got the liquid out of the pot . She poured the coffee into a cup . By accident she screamed because she spilled some on her .	PERSON wanted to drink her coffee . She raised the cup to her lips . The coffee still tasted too hot . She blew across the top of the cup . The coffee was cool enough to drink .
new movie	PERSON wanted to go to the movie . She did not want to go by herself . She decided to ask her friends . They finally decided to go . PERSON and her friends had a great time at the movie .	PERSON and PERSON looked forward to the new Batman movie Friday . They both got off work and met in the box office line . They got two seats in the middle of the theater . When they moved started they both slapped hands and were happy . When the credits rolled , they both walked out with tears , happy tears .	PERSON could n't wait to see the new Star Wars movie . She and her friends got advance tickets . When they got them they got great seats . The girls ended loving the movie . When it was over they wanted to see it again .	There was a movie coming out that my friends wanted to see . I suggested that we should all go ! They loved the idea and we planned a day to go . On the day of the plan a lot of us forgot . We ended up reminding each other and going together !	PERSON was out on a date . They decided to watch a new movie . PERSON did n't know much about it . It wound up being a lot of fun . Same decided to watch more new movies .	PERSON really wanted to see the midnight release of a new movie . Unfortunately , he was grounded . He waited until his parents were asleep and snuck out . He made a bit too much noise and woke his dad up . PERSON got grounded for even longer .	PERSON wanted to watch a movie . There were three new ones . He did n't know much about them . He decided to look up previews online . After seeing them PERSON picked one .	PERSON really loved going to the movies . She tried to go at least once a week . This week nobody wanted to go with her . She decided to go alone . She really enjoyed what she watched .	A new movie just came out . I was very excited . I took all my friends with me . When we got there though , we were sad . It only lasted one hour .
mturk	PERSON wanted to make money . But she also wanted to stay at home with her children . So she began to do research for work at home jobs . Through research she discovered mturk . PERSON now makes money working on mturk .	Today I changed my Linkedin profile . I announced I was an mTurk worker . My connections thought I got a fancy new job . I told them mTurk workers do not get paid much . It was fun changing my posting though .	I was working on an mTurk hit today . I received credit , but got a note detailing grammatical errors . I was mortified , and vowed to be more careful . I installed Grammarly in an effort to be better . I hope this works out .	PERSON wanted to make a little bit of spending money on Mturk . PERSON sadly realized Sundays were usually slow . Luckily , he found a fun HIT involving story writing . PERSON raced to do as many as he could . PERSON crossed his fingers hoping his work does not get rejected .	PERSON works online at mturk He recently got some rejections for a task . He did not think he did it wrong . He contacted the requester . He got the rejection reversed	PERSON could n't find a job . He decides to try mturks . He started making a decent amount per day . PERSON enjoys it and continues for a while . He eventually makes over $ 70 a day but it 's not enough .	My daughter , who works for NYU 's business school , told me about mTurk . She told me it was a way to make small amounts of money online . I was retired , so I checked mTurk out . I started doing hits and found them to be stimulating . Now I do mTurk all day .	PERSON was posting hits on mturk . People finished the hits quicker than expected . He gave them all rejections . Many turkers wrote him demanding compensation . He overturned the rejections because they nagged so much .	My wife retired in September . I told her about doing mTurk . She scoffed as the hits were low-paying . Then she started doing surveys , Now she is on mTurk all day .
the doll	PERSON was having a yard sale . He was selling a lot of his daughter 's old toys . His daughter saw her favorite old doll in a box of things for sale . PERSON 's daughter began to cry . PERSON gave the doll back to his daughter .	PERSON found a doll on the street . It was missing an eye and very dirty . She took it home and cleaned it up . She heard laughter coming from the doll and it moved around . PERSON decided to sell the haunted doll on Ebay .	My daughter has been dying to get an American Girl doll . She has been begging me for months . They are really expensive . I hope she will play with it if I buy it for her . I think I will get it for her on her birthday .	PERSON really wanted a new doll . Her dad told her she needed to help out more . She began to help her mom in the kitchen after dinner . She also helped her dad in the yard . After a week , PERSON was able to get her doll .	PERSON loved her new present . It was a doll . PERSON named her and brushed her hair . She carried her around with her all day . The doll was very special to PERSON .	PERSON owned a very pretty doll . One day , PERSON was playing outside with her doll . She accidentally dropped the doll into a mud puddle . PERSON cried because her doll was dirty . PERSON was happy after her mom cleaned up the doll good as new .	The little girl asked LOCATION for a new doll . She was very specific about how big it should be . She wanted it to have a pink dress . On Christmas morning , she was thrilled to open a box with the doll . It was a dream come true !	PERSON got a new doll . She named it PERSON . She took it to school one day . PERSON lost her doll during recess . She cried for the rest of the day .	PERSON wanted to buy a new doll from the store . She saved her money for a long time . When she saved enough , she and her mother went to the store . PERSON chose a doll that looked just like her . PERSON was very happy with her new doll .
new suit	PERSON had an important job interview . He did not have a suit for his interview . He went to the mall to buy a suit . He bought one for $ 500 dollars . PERSON aced his job interview the next day .	PERSON grew up poor . When he was in his 20s he saved up for a new suit . It took him a while . Eventually he got one . He felt a sense of achievement and gained confidence .	Yesterday I bought my husband a new suit . When he saw it he was absolutely pleased . He immediately tried it on . The suit fit perfectly . However to my dismay he spilled some wine on it .	PERSON needed a new suit for her job . She searched everywhere for the perfect one . Finally she saw a good one at Macy 's . After buying it she tried it on . It fit perfectly .	PERSON was going to a fancy party . He needed a new suit . He could not afford one . He wanted to cry . Then , a rich man saw him crying and bought a suit for PERSON .	PERSON bought a new fitted suit . He felt really confident wearing it . People noticed as he was out and about . His friends gave him many compliments . PERSON decided to wear it more often .	PERSON was looking for a job . He could n't afford a suit for interviews . His parents offered to buy him one . PERSON was very thankful . He was able to get a job with their help .	I was offered the new job on Tuesday . To celebrate I decided to buy new clothes . Most importantly was a new suit It was mostly to wear to the job . Which was what made it possible in the first place .	PERSON needed a new suit for a job interview he had . He went to the store and looked at tons of suits . He was n't sure which color to go with . He read online that blue suits were the best for job interviews . PERSON bought a dark blue suit and looked amazing in it .
bad grade	PERSON 's teacher had given him an F on a test . PERSON knew he would be in trouble . PERSON did n't tell his parents about the test . His parents found out from a phone call . PERSON got into more trouble .	PERSON was waiting for her test results . She was very anxious . When she got her results , she looked . She failed the test . She knew she would have to explain that to her parents .	PERSON was in middle school . He had never made a bad grade before . One day he forgot to study . When he got to class , the teacher gave a pop quiz . PERSON made his first bad grade .	I got a really bad grade in math . I was afraid to tell my parents . My parents got a phone call from my teacher . They confronted me about my bad grade . Fortunately , they were able to help me study and raise the grade .	PERSON had always made good grades . One day he forgot to study for a quiz . When he got to class , he knew nothing . He did the best he could and had to guess . PERSON still failed his quiz .	PERSON never made a bad grade . One day he forgot to read his homework . His teacher warned them they would have a pop quiz . When he got to class , he felt nervous . The teacher gave a quiz and PERSON failed .	PERSON has always made good grades . One day he forgot to study . When he got to school , he had a pop test . He only knew two answers . PERSON failed his first assignment .	PERSON always makes good grades . One day she forgot to study for a quiz . When she got to class she remembered about her quiz . PERSON failed her quiz . She ruined her record of good grades .	PERSON needed a good grade . She needed it to move up a level . But when she got her test back she failed . She did n't know what to do . She broke down crying .
headphones	The man listened to his headphones . He turned the volume up to high . The sound hurt his ears . He ripped the headphones off . The headphones broke .	Fran loved her earbuds but they just broke . She needed something more durable . She looked online and found some headphones she liked . She ordered it online . The headphones ended up being amazing in quality .	PERSON was using her headphones on a road trip . She took them out and put them in her lap . Unfortunately , she forgot they were in her lap . They fell on the ground when she got out of the car . They left and never realized her headphones were in the parking lot .	PERSON wore his headphones a lot . After a busy day on vacation , he could n't find them . He searched the hotel room and the car . He was very disappointed to not find them . The next day he was really excited when his brother found them .	PERSON bought new headphones . PERSON noticed that the headphones he bought were defective . PERSON returned his defective headphones . With the money he got , PERSON bought a better pair of headphones . PERSON enjoyed his new , functional headphones .	PERSON had too many headphones . They were all in a pile on his desk . He hated to untangle them . One day his mother bought him wireless headphones . He never had a problem untangling headphones again .	PERSON was listening to music when he adjusted his headphones . He heard a loud sound and then they fell apart . He attempted to fix them , but they would n't work . That night , PERSON 's dad saw them and started to fix them . The next morning PERSON woke up to find his headphones fixed !	Green had always wanted these blue headphones . The only issue was they were very expensive . Green did not have a lot of money . She mowed lawns and slowly got cash . One day , she was able to buy the headphones .	I wanted to listen to music . My family was sleeping . I found a pair of headphones . I plugged them into my phone . I listened to the music .
easter eggs	PERSON was looking forward to the Easter egg hunt . Her mom told her it was time to find the eggs . All the eggs were hidden in the front yard . She looked everywhere and found them all . Then , she opened all the eggs for surprises inside .	Dying Easter eggs was so much fun ! PERSON looked forward to it every year . The problem was she did n't like to eat the eggs . But it was fun dying them all different colors . Fortunately her grandma like eggs and would take them after Easter .	My brother and I had plastic Easter Eggs . We decorated them . We pretended they were alive . One of them got lost . We said it had to go fight a battle .	PERSON was a five year old who was very happy for Easter . She knew her parents would hide eggs and she would have to find them . On Easter Sunday PERSON went and searched for hours . She never found any eggs when she searched . PERSON realized that Easter was next week and went inside .	PERSON 's little boy is six months old . This will be his first Easter and PERSON is excited to dye eggs . She is going to take lots of pictures so she can share with family . The eggs will be all colors and decorate the baskets of her nieces . PERSON and son will create memories that last a lifetime together .	PERSON 's dad was having an Easter egg hunt , and PERSON was excited . The one who found the most eggs would win a big basket of candy ! All the children hunted diligently , trying to win . PERSON looked hardest of all , and she found the most eggs . Her dad beamed as he handed her the big basket of treats !	PERSON decided to let PERSON and Jean color Easter eggs . She boiled the eggs for 10 minutes . The eggs needed to cool off before they could color them . Once the eggs were cooled , the kids began to color a dozen eggs . The eggs dried and then they hid the colored eggs for the hunt .	PERSON went to find eggs on Easter . He found many brightly colored eggs in the grass . PERSON looked for more , but found none . Finally , he saw a dark brown egg in the grass . He picked it up only to realize it was dog poop .	PERSON loved Easter . Dying Easter eggs was his favorite . He liked to do glitter eggs and tie dye . He would put them in the fridge until it was time to hide them . He loved hiding them for his younger brother and sister .
volleyball	PERSON started playing volleyball in the summer . He thought it would be good exercise . He played for three months , twice a week . He tried his best every time he played . In one summer And lost twenty pounds .	Nala wanted to play volleyball . She tried out for her school 's team . Her tryout went fairly well . Soon the captain called Nala with good news . Nala had made the team !	PERSON was playing volleyball with his friends . He jumped up to block the ball but it hit him in the face . PERSON fell down in pain . PERSON started bleeding . PERSON limped to the bench and sat down , fed up .	PERSON was feeling nostalgic . She wanted to play volleyball like she did growing up . She rang her friend who used to play on the same team . They met up at a park that had a net . PERSON and her friend had fun together playing like they used to .	PERSON loves to play volleyball . He started a league this year at a sports bar . He got sponsors and six teams to participate . Everyone had a great time . PERSON hope to get even more people to join next summer .	I have never been good at volleyball . I accompanied my friend to a volleyball match and was on his team . I tried my best , but my best attempts were laughable in the least . When it came my turn to serve the ball I was determined . To everyone 's surprise it was a perfect serve !	PERSON was trying out for Volleyball at her school . She was very nervous about it because so many people were competing . I told her she 'd probably do fine and not to worry . She practiced a lot leading up to the tryouts . On the day of the tryouts she was very nervous but did her best !	I used to be really bad at volleyball . I would always go play with my friends , but they were all very good . After a few weeks of playing with them , I started to get better . Now I make a lot of good plays on the court . All my friends are happy that I have gotten so much better .	They played volleyball every week . It was a very competitive league . But one time something went wrong . PERSON went for a block and his finger got bent back . It split open the webbing on his finger .
singing	I was in the city choir . However , I was the worst one there . Everyone told me to quit . I had a good idea . I decided to simply move my mouth and act like I was singing .	I had to try out for the ensemble at church . They wanted to know my range . I switched to falsetto . They wanted me to switch back . My range was a low F to an E on the second ledger .	I loved to sing . Alas , I was not a good singer . I decided to take lessons to improve my voice . Alas , the lessons did not help . I decided that singing was not the hobby for me .	PERSON wanted to enter a singing contest . She wrote her own song . Then she designed the music . She performed her song in the contest . Sadly , PERSON did n't win .	PERSON was a troubled child . When he grew older , he had mental problems . He found a way to cope . He discovered that singing during stressful times made him feel good . He frequently sung to calm himself down .	The man heard a song he liked . He started to sing along . He realized he knew all the words . His singing grew more confident . His wife clapped for him when it was done .	PERSON hated singing at school . Everyone wanted him to sing . PERSON refused . One day a cute girl named PERSON asked him to sing . After that PERSON always sang in school .	PERSON wanted to start his online singing career . He made himself a website about his talents . He started a YouTube channel to post his videos . He bought a microphone and recorded some songs . The videos got a middling response at best and discouraged him .	PERSON loved to sing and everyone thinks she is really good . She had no desire to do it professionally . She used her `` gift '' for special occasions . One day , she was asked to visit a nursery and sing to sick babies . She loved doing it so much , she started doing it every week .
bank	PERSON needed to deposit funds at the bank . He approached the teller . When he reached for his wallet , he found he 'd forgotten his card . The teller informed him he could n't deposit without it . He headed back home feeling quite silly .	Will goes to rob a bank He has to pay for his family . He ends up getting caught . He gets sent to prison His family is more miserable than ever	PERSON realized that the bank was going to close in thirty minutes . PERSON quickly brushed his teeth and took a shower . He also ordered a cab very quickly . After running in , he noticed the bank was still open . PERSON was barely able to make his transactions .	Someone was trying to rob the bank . He held the bank up and stole a lot of money . He ran out but was immediately stopped . Cops arrested him . He got sent to jail .	PERSON needed to get a bank account . He was trying different banks but did not know what to choose . He tried TD bank finally . He got free candy and free pens . He signed up with TD .	PERSON was working at the bank . Someone wanted to cash the check . You normally need two forms of ID . Someone only had one form . The manager approved the transaction .	PERSON loved money more than anything else . He thought if he worked with money he would be happy . He took a job at a bank . PERSON realized how much money he did n't have . Now PERSON is very sad because he does n't have much money .	PERSON wanted to open a savings account . He saved up thirty dollars and then went to open the account . They gave him a debit card and helped him sign up . Soon he had his very own account . PERSON could n't wait to start saving !	PERSON had to cash his paycheck . He got in his car and drove to the bank . He told the teller her wanted to deposit his check . PERSON signed his check on the dotted line . The teller deposited the check for PERSON .
gift	I was in a sub acute rehab unit in November of 2011 . My occupational therapist was very friendly to me . She brought me sugar cookies . I wrote her a poem when I left . She gave me a hug .	PERSON had gotten his friend a great Christmas gift . He invited her over to celebrate the holiday . After a nice dinner , he handed her her gift . She unwrapped her new sweater and squealed with delight . It was a fuzzy new sweater , and she loved it !	PERSON wanted to give his mom a nice birthday present . But he had no money to buy her anything . Then he had a great idea for a birthday surprise . He woke early on her birthday and brought her breakfast in bed . His mom said it was the nicest gift she 'd ever gotten !	PERSON 's work was having a Christmas party . Everyone was to bring a small gift for a Christmas game . The instructions were that there was a ten dollar limit . However , PERSON 's co-worker PERSON brought a fifty dollar gift card . PERSON 's expensive gift ruined the Christmas game .	A week after the little girl 's dog died , she had a new puppy . Feeling sorry for her , I made her a gift . I painted a cage pink and decorated it with stuffed animals . I placed a sign that said princess on the cage . I gave it to the overjoyed little girl .	PERSON needed a gift for his dad . He went to the mall . He browsed through four shops . Then he found the perfect present . He bought his dad a brand new tie !	PERSON just married his college sweetheart , PERSON . PERSON did n't have much money but wanted to give PERSON something special . PERSON secretly began working a second job to make extra cash . After a year of hard work , he felt ready to present his gift to PERSON . When PERSON saw PERSON 's gift , and learned what he did , she wept .	The father went to the toy store . He bought a toy car . He wrapped it up . He gave the gift to a stranger . The stranger threw the gift away .	My little cousin 's birthday was coming up . He was turning three Year 's old , and I did n't know what to get him . I went to the local book store in search for a book . After searching the children 's aisle , I settled on Green Eggs and Ham . My cousin unwrapped his gift , and took a bite out of the first page .
running out of gas	PERSON was driving to school . She was running a bit late . She was low on gas . She decided not to stop to get more . She barely made it to school before stalling out .	PERSON wished he had stopped at that last town for gas . He decided to pull off the main highway and look for another town . His car sputtered a little as he pulled into an empty town . A local directed him to a station a mile up the road . PERSON was relieved when he arrived and was able to fill up his car .	PERSON was running late for work . She did n't check her gas gauge . Her car died on her on the freeway . She had run out of gas . PERSON got to work even more late because of it .	PERSON 's fuel gauge was broken . She did n't realize it at the time . It was n't until her car stopped on the side of the road . The mechanic told her the problem . She had it fixed within a week .	PERSON was running out of gas . She was also getting hungry . However , all she could see were fields and asphalt for miles . Just as the gage hit `` E '' for empty , she saw a Chevron station . Relieved , she pulled over and got gas and a snack for herself .	PERSON was driving home from work one night . All of a sudden , her car began to shudder and slow down . She looked at her gas gauge and realized what was wrong . She called for help and sat there and waited for a long time . Finally help arrived and PERSON was able to go home .	Yesterday I was driving home from my mother 's house . My car started to sputter . I pressed on the gas , but it would n't go . To my surprise I had run out of gas . Thankfully , I was close enough to walk to the gas station and get more .	PERSON was driving around . He noticed he was low on gas . He tried to get more at a gas station but they were closed . He did n't know where another near one was . He barely made it before running out .	I was driving home from work last night . I did n't notice the gas gauge was so low . The car stopped on me just blocks from the house . I had to walk the rest of the way . Now I have to go get gas to put in the stranded car .
new job	PERSON just got offered a new job . The pay was great . However the problem was that it was far away . She was sad to move . Yet she realized she made the right decision after all .	I got laid off from my job of 21 years . I was very nervous about finding a new job . I put my resume on the internet the next day . A day after that , I had an interview . I actually got a job that paid better than my old one !	PERSON lost his job suddenly . He signed up for unemployment . A recruiter helped him find a new job . He moved to a new city for the job . His girlfriend moved in with him .	Adam found a job . He threw a new job party . Everybody had a lot to drink . Adam slept in too late for work . His boss understood .	PERSON had been wanting to change jobs for months . He finally got the courage to quit his job . He was n't sure what he was going to do . He went on several interviews . He finally found his dream job .	PERSON recently quit her job . She did not have another one lined up . She started putting in resumes everywhere . She finally got an offer . PERSON loves her new job .	PERSON was hired to wrap gifts at Macy 's . She expected to be in training for the whole first day . When she arrived her boss greeted and talked to her for 30 minutes . She asked her boss when she would be trained . She was shocked there was only 1 hour of training with a coworker .	PERSON just graduated college . She needed to find a job . She interviewed at four places . She got two second interviews . PERSON finally got a job offer .	PERSON had recently lost his job . He knew he had to find something else quickly . The only job he could quickly find was to be a restaurant server . He hate it and was exhausted after each shift . He quit and decided being unemployed was better than that .
going home	The long weekend was almost over . It was time to go home . Tim , May , and their parents packed up their camping supplies . PERSON and May had so much fun over the last few days . Although they were sad to go home , they knew they 'd return in spring .	PERSON and I were so tired of travelling together on business . He applied for a job that required no travel . He got the job and we were ecstatic . We started packing and headed for home as soon as possible . We are happy at home and he loves his new job .	The funeral was finally over and PERSON was ready to go home . But people were still coming up to speak and say bye to her grandma . PERSON waited patiently in the lobby of the church for them to finish . 30 minutes later the were ready to leave . PERSON was so tired she fell asleep as her mom drove them home .	PERSON lives in LOCATION but is from LOCATION LOCATION . He has not been back home to visit for over seven Years . PERSON drives the hundreds of miles to return home . He visits with friends and family that he has n't see in Years . After staying for almost three weeks , PERSON heads back to LOCATION .	PERSON felt homesick after living abroad for several years . She decided to save some money and take a vacation . She did n't tell anyone that she was coming home for Christmas . Her family was surprised when she walked through the door . She felt relieved after the vacation .	PERSON was going to visit her family out of town . She thought it would be fun to spend the summer with them . But she grew tired of them rather quickly . She had only intended to stay 2 and a half months . To her horror it ended up being closer to four months .	I left work and walked to the bus stop . The bus stop has a shelter and a bench . I sat on the bench and waited for the next bus . The bus was delayed due to traffic . When the bus arrived , I stood up and boarded it so I could go home .	Ally lives far away from her parents . Normally , she only sees her parents once a year . This year she is going to surprise them ! Ally knocked on her parents ' door . They cried tears of joy when they saw her !	PERSON is far from home . She misses her family . One day she realized she did not have to live far away . She moved home . Her family was happy to have her back .
practice makes perfect	PERSON joined a bowling tournament for fun with friends . He soon realized he was the worst bowler on the team . He did n't want to hold the team back so he took private lessons . Between the tournament and the lessons PERSON was bowling every day . Within a few weeks PERSON became the nest on the team .	PERSON wanted to be on a professional basketball team . He was not the best on his high school team but had high hopes . He practiced every day as hard as he could , year after year . His basketball team went on to winning the nationals . PERSON was asked by a NBA team to play for them , and he happily accepted .	PERSON was not very good at hockey . Despite this , he loved the game enough to practice everyday . His coach promised him a starting role if he could score a goal . PERSON practiced for hours until he could make shots . Now he is starting on his team .	PERSON 's tennis serve was awful ! Her overall play was very good except for her serve . PERSON realized she needed professional training . She hired the best tennis trainer and she practiced every day . PERSON won the next tennis match and , eventually , the championship !	PERSON was a young piano student . PERSON found out he would have to play in a recital in a month . He was nervous about this . PERSON practiced for two hours every single day for a month . PERSON nailed the recital piece , wowing the crowd !	PERSON missed the winning basket during the basketball game . He felt awful and sulked for a week . Finally the coach told him to snap out of it and stay late today . The coach had PERSON shoot that shot he missed one hundred times . Since then PERSON has never missed that shot in a game !	PERSON was trying his hardest to make the football team . He was n't good enough last year , but this year 's be different ! He trained for hours . PERSON made great progress . PERSON ended up making the team !	I had practice quite a bit before I took my driver 's license . I remember I drove every chance I got from grocery stores and to work . I practice parallel parking until I had it down like math work . I even once drove on the interstate highway to get a feel for it . Finally when the day came I passed with flying colors .	PERSON wanted to become a better football player . He talked to his coach and shared his dream of being a starter . The coach stayed after practice with PERSON , working on his skills . When PERSON improved , the coach even showed him a special trick play . The first time PERSON started , he used the trick play to win the game !
time	When I was a kid I wanted nothing more than to grow up . With each year I would impatiently wait to become 20 years old . When I was 20 , I waited impatiently to be 40 . When I was 80 , I was on my death-bed and I wished I was young again . I realized I had forgotten to enjoy the journey .	PERSON was always busy . One week he worked 100 hours . He got so little sleep . By the end he felt terrible . By the weekend , he slept 30 hours .	PERSON was supposed to meet his date at 6pm . She thought he told her 5pm . She got to the restaurant and got a table . She waited and waited and found out there was a mistake . PERSON was so embarrassed about the time mixup .	Tim never seemed to have time for her or the children . Work was always at the forefront of his priorities . One day he woke alone and the blood rushed from his face . There was a note on the dresser and he read it . His work now was all he had .	PERSON and her old friends had been silent for the last part of the day . PERSON wished for nothing more than to go home . She watched the clock as the second hand ticked . Time had never moved more slowly than now . But there was nothing PERSON could do but keep calm , and be patient .	PERSON was being a bad kid . He was tossing food around . His mom got angry . She gave him time out . She let him back in after a hour .	He opened his laptop . His friend noticed what he was doing . He asked if he was doing personal business . He told him not to do personal business on company time . The man agreed and closed his laptop .	PERSON works at a clock shop . He spends a lot of time watching time tick by . Today , he was watching videos on the job . His boss was n't there . Time ticked by faster for him today	PERSON was groggy but got up on time . He showered and ate and left his house only a little late . PERSON made it to the bus stop and waited . After waiting for 15 minutes he realized he 'd missed the bus . PERSON 's clock was behind an hour .
cereal	PERSON woke up starving one morning . She decided she 'd have cereal before she did her farm chores . But when she went into the kitchen , she was disappointed . All the milk was gone ! PERSON had to milk the cow before having cereal after all !	I decided to make breakfast for my mom and dad this morning . I made my favorite cereal as soon as I got up for my family . My mom and dad slept in and the cereal sat for an hour . When they got up they were very happy to see they had breakfast ready . They told me next time they will make breakfast and I could sleep in .	PERSON loves cereal . Applejack and Fruit Loops mostly . He hated milk though . So he would just crunch down on dry cereal . Until he choked and milk being the only thing in his reach .	I was eating cereal . Suddenly , something gooey was in my mouth . I spit it out to see what it was . It was a dead cockroach . So , I sued the cereal company and I won lots of money .	My boyfriend and I got into a fight today . I wanted to buy a chocolate cereal of any kind . But he wanted oatmeal and said he would n't buy me cereal . He said cereal is stupid , which made me angry . If I had my own money , I would buy my own cereal !	PERSON was craving some cereal . He picked out some honey oats from his pantry . PERSON went to the fridge to get some milk . PERSON smelled the milk and noticed it was spoiled . PERSON settled with munching on raw cereal .	PERSON bought a box of cereal from the grocery store . When she got home she opened the box to have some cereal . She noticed that the inside bag had been opened already . She went back to the store and demanded a refund . The store manager gave her back her money .	PERSON loved cereal a lot . One day , he decided he would eat it every day . After many months , he was sick of cereal . He loved it so he kept eating it . Finally one day , he stopped eating cereal forever .	PERSON 's kid loved cereal and finished all of the cereal . So PERSON had to go get cereal from the store . So PERSON drove to the store in the morning . She found her daughter 's favorite cereal and bought four boxes . Her daughter was happy to have more of her favorite cereal .
charity	Wanting to be generous , I donated to a charitable organization . I wrote a big check thinking that it would go to a good cause . A few months later , I discovered that the money had been embezzled . I was terribly upset at the situation as I felt cheated . I decided never to donate money again .	PERSON wanted to give back to the community . He had time off on the weekends . He decided to volunteer at a soup kitchen . It was hard work and long hours . But afterward he felt accomplished and proud .	PERSON strolled down the city on her way to work . A homeless man sat on the sidewalk up ahead , holding a cup . Upon seeing him , PERSON 's heart filled with sympathy . She took out her wallet and gave the man a few dollars . The man smiled and nodded his head .	PERSON desired to be charitable . He wanted to increase global well being . He reviewed many popular charities . He thought doctors without borders was the most admirable . He donated a hefty sum of money to help the cause .	A boy approached me today . He said he represented a local charity . It turned out to be one close to my heart . I made a small donation . Now I feel terrible that I could n't give him more .	PERSON 's daughter had cancer . His daughter received chemotherapy but it was not enough . His daughter died . PERSON was sad but realized he had to move on . PERSON donated his salary to charity to look for a cancer solution .	PERSON converted to Islam when she was in college . Before she converted , she read a lot about Islam . She found out that Muslims should not have names like hers . PERSON means follower of Christ which is not in line with Islam . PERSON changed her name to Charity .	PERSON loved to donate to charity . He donated because he knew people needed money . One day , he got a call . It was the president thanking him . Now , PERSON makes sure to donate as much as possible .	As I walked out of the movie theater I saw a homeless man . He was asking for money to eat . I offered to give him my popcorn . He turned it down . I understand , it 's nasty stale old popcorn .
the painting	PERSON was an artist . A family member commissioned a painting . PERSON was nervous about it . It wound up taking him a long time to finish . His family member felt it was worth the wait .	Grace was an artist . SHe made a fantastic painting of the sunset . She displayed it on her living room wall . A friend loved it so much she offered her a lot of money for it . Grace could n't part with the painting .	PERSON bought a painting from a garage sale . She adored it and hung it inside her living room . She did research on the painting , finding out that it was rare . She took her beloved painting to an appraiser . Her painting turned out to be worth over a million dollars .	The girl was working very hard . She was painting a nature scene . She used pastel colors . When she was finished , she stepped back and admired it . It was a work of art !	PERSON loved painting . Her teacher told her she just was n't good enough . She cried herself to sleep and told her parents . Her parents met with the teacher . The next day the teacher took back his rude remark .	PERSON was visiting Disneyland with her family . She saw a woman painting people and asked about it . When she learned that she could be painted she signed up . She had to sit still for a long time so she could be drawn . When it was done , PERSON loved the painting so much .	PERSON was an artist . He loved to paint trees . One day he saw a beautiful oak tree on the side of the road . He stopped and pulled out his painting supplies . He began to paint a beautiful canvas of the tree .	PERSON was an artist . She was painting a picture . PERSON left her paint on the table while she went to the restroom . Her cat jumped onto the table . The cat walked past and knocked the paint onto the painting .	PERSON was commissioned to make a painting for a friend . She was normally good and quick at it . Unfortunately the pressure was too much . PERSON kept refusing to work on it . Eventually the friend took back the offer .
tornado	PERSON was watching TV when his town 's sirens went off . Frank went outside to see a dark storm cloud looming . He checked the weather to see a tornado warning nearby . Frank noticed a funnel begin to develop miles from his home . Luckily , PERSON was safe because the storm eventually died down .	PERSON watched the sky darken . She went in and turned on The Weather Channel . Just as she turned it on , they were announcing a tornado warning . She rushed around to get to the basement . She heard a loud noise and things started falling , it was a tornado .	PERSON 's mom woke her up in a panic . There was a tornado coming their way . They all huddled in the basement for safety . When it was quiet PERSON 's dad went out to see the damage . To their surprise the tornado had missed their block .	PERSON was driving cross country in her RV . One night in LOCATION , a tornado approached her RV . The wind was deafening , and it shook the RV . PERSON started up the engine and prepared to drive away . When she saw the tornado getting closer , she floored the gas .	PERSON lived in LOCATION . He heard the local news warn of an impending tornado . Thinking the warning was an overreaction , PERSON did n't evacuate . Instead , he hunkered down in his basement . PERSON was lucky to live , as the tornado destroyed his entire house .	PERSON was mowing the lawn . The sky grew dark with rain clouds . PERSON heard the tornado sirens go off . He went inside to the basement . PERSON waited for the sirens to stop .	PERSON was sitting inside when the tornado sirens went off . She quickly ran down to her basement for safety . She heard loud , terrible sounds and could tell the storm was strong . She found her garage completely destroyed after the storm . PERSON was thankful that her house had survived .	PERSON and her family have a house in tornado alley . They were getting ready to leave for work when they heard the siren . They went to their safe space and bunkered down . They waited and waited . The tornado hit and part of the roof was taken off the house .	PERSON 's family was bracing for a tornado . They had food and supplies and a safe basement . They were able to ride out the storm . Unfortunately most of their house did n't make it . They were at least happy to be alive .
new television	PERSON loved watching tv . He could n't afford a bigger screen . For his birthday his friends decided to surprise him . They bought PERSON a new big screen tv . PERSON was so happy he cried .	PERSON bought a widescreen HD television . He wanted to use it to watch nature documentaries . He invited friends over to see it . He told them that he wanted to watch a documentary . They outvoted him and decided to watch a basketball game instead .	PERSON went to a department store . He saw a tv on sale . He did n't want to buy it . His wife told him he could . He then bought it .	PERSON had an old tv set . He wanted to get a new big screen . He looked up different options online . After reading reviews he made a choice . He loved it when it arrived .	PERSON 's television recently stopped working . PERSON decided to look for a new television at Target . After looking at the selection , PERSON choose a 24 inch TV . Once home , PERSON decided to put the television above the fireplace . PERSON was glad with her choice of television for her home .	PERSON 's old television broke . She finally decided to buy a new one . She ordered one online based on reviews . It arrived within a few days . She loved it and felt content with her choice .	PERSON wanted a new television . His old one barely worked . He saved up money for a few weeks . He looked up several reviews online and in person . Eventually he bought the perfect one .	PERSON bought a new video game system . He really liked it but felt it was missing something . His old television did n't let it look as good as it could . PERSON decided to get a new tv . He bought one and his gaming looked much better .	I bought a new television for the big game . The television got to my house just in time . All of my friends came over and watched the game . Many of them commented on my new television . I am happy with my new purchase and I want to buy another .
water	PERSON lived in the LOCATION LOCATION . One day , the water well ran dry . PERSON did not have any water . PERSON decided to dig a new well upstream . Finally , PERSON had water again .	PERSON was trying to buy water . He was debating between city and spring water . He studied about this online . He learned a lot about water . He ultimately decided to buy spring water .	My dog liked to swim in the lake . My step dad did n't like it though . He said the dog would drink and drink and drink . He did n't give the dog water in the house . I thought that was silly .	PERSON was told not to play with her glass of water . PERSON tried at first to follow this command . However , the water was too tempting . She began stirring the water with her fork . The water then spilled all over the dinner table .	I wanted to sail the seven seas . I could n't afford a boat of my own . Instead I found a ship and signed up . The Captain was on a tight schedule . I found it rather boring .	She had to drink lots of water . The diuretics were draining her system . She was running low on electrolytes . She began to feel weak . She laid in bed all week drinking gatorade to feel better .	When you are on a boat with your friends . You can help them to not be sick . Last week my friends got sick and I helped them . I told them to breathe and stay calm . When we got in , they did n't ride on the boat anymore .	PERSON was working at the office . He suddenly realized he has not had water in a long time . He got up to go to the watercooler . He filled his cup with water . He drank the water .	PERSON noticed his skin was dry all of the time . He would use lotions to try and hydrate his skin . PERSON eventually went to a dermatologist . The dermatologist suggested PERSON drink more water . PERSON drinks more water and his skin is not dry .
the hotel	The man was traveling on business . He checked into a hotel . He put his suitcase on the bed . Then he unpacked all his clothes . He realized he had forgotten his suits !	PERSON was visiting LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . She wanted to stay in a nice hotel . She was disappointed her friend booked rooms at LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . When they arrived she realized the hotel was near LOCATION LOCATION . PERSON loved the LOCATION LOCATION view from her room .	We were staying in a hotel on our vacation . We were supposed to be leaving that day . Early in the morning , my Dad heard people knocking on the door . They were evacuating the hotel because of a fire . We got all our stuff together and checked out right then !	PERSON was on a trip . She checked into her beautiful hotel . It was five star and had a gorgeous pool . PERSON decided she would just lay by the pool all day . She loved traveling .	I was driving to LOCATION LOCATION for a vacation . On the way , my bank called me . Someone in LOCATION had my bank account number and was using it . I had to cancel my cards and run to withdraw everything . I had to carry around a lot of cash , but I enjoyed myself .	We spent the night at a hotel last night . We were offered a free night in a promotion the hotel was having . I brought the kids with me . They had a big swimming pool . It was a nice little getaway .	PERSON was vacationing in LOCATION . He booked a hotel located downtown . He flew into seattle and took a taxi to the hotel . But , the taxi got into a car accident . PERSON ended up in the hospital instead .	The PERSON family had a fire in their home one day . Everyone made it out of the house with no injuries . Their home needed a lot of work afterwards so they stayed at a hotel . For four weeks , they got to use a private pool and hot tub every day . When they went back home , they missed the hotel !	PERSON and PERSON went to a fancy hotel . They wanted to celebrate their birthday at someplace magical . They ordered champagne and caviar . PERSON presented PERSON with a beautiful necklace . It was a special trip for a special couple !
halloween	PERSON wanted to be something really scary for Halloween . She put on a pumpkin costume . No one was afraid of her . She went home and put some fake blood on the pumpkin . When PERSON when out again everyone ran away screaming .	PERSON was a teenage boy . PERSON wanted a lot of candy for Halloween . PERSON decided to go Trick-or-Treating . PERSON went to a rich neighborhood . PERSON received a lot of candy .	Today is Halloween . PERSON is so excited to go trick or treating tonight . He is going to dress up like a monster . The costume is real scary . He hopes to get a lot of candy .	PERSON had never participated in Halloween . His father was a dentist and forbade him . PERSON decided to sneak out of his house on Halloween . He dressed up as a pirate and scaled down his bedroom window . His father caught him and grounded him for two weeks .	It was almost Halloween and they did n't know what they 'd be . They went to the store to look at costumes . They looked online to get ideas for couples . They eventually decided on something they thought would work . They decided they would be PERSON PERSON and PERSON .	PERSON had a house that would make a good haunted house . So PERSON decided he would make his house a haunted house . He got his family together to help him . They fixed the whole house and made it very scary . Everyone in the block talked about how good his haunted house was .	PERSON went trick or treating with his children . It started to rainy ! PERSON and his kids hid under a front porch awning . Luckily , the rainy soon stopped ! PERSON and his kids trick or treated for another hour .	PERSON was so excited for Halloween . She dressed up as a pony . She went to lots of houses to get candy . PERSON got scared by a boy in a scary mask . She never wants to participate in Halloween again .	PERSON went out with his friends on Halloween . They decided to look for ghosts . It was dark and spooky , and PERSON was n't sure he wanted to go . They did not find a single ghost ! Still , he was glad to have spent time with his friends .
camping	PERSON went camping . He wanted to be out in the true wilderness . On the first night , he became very thirsty . PERSON drank the water without making sure it was clean . He made a mess in his sleeping bag that night .	PERSON and PERSON went on a camping trip . They got lost somewhere deep in the woods . PERSON was too scared to do anything . PERSON used her compass and wits to help them get out of the woods . PERSON thanked PERSON for saving their lives .	Grace wanted to go camping . She wrote out a list of everything she needed . She had to buy a lot of supplies at the sporting goods store . She packed up her car and grabbed her map . She said she was heading north to find a nice spot .	A few years ago , I went camping with a group of my friends . We planned in a advance so we would have everything we needed . When we all arrived , we discovered we had forgotten the tent poles . I got depressed that the trip was ruined , but PERSON had an idea . She suggested tying the tent up to trees , and it worked !	PERSON decided to go camping alone . She hiked until she found the perfect spot ! She set up her tent and decided to fish for dinner . She caught two fish and roasted them over the fire . She had a good night and went home the next day .	PERSON was going camping with her family . She wanted to invite some friends but could n't ! Her parents were being very strict about it . When they were going her parents said she could invite one person . She invited PERSON and they had a great time .	My parents took my family camping when I was little . We pulled our RV into our assigned campsite . We spent the day riding bicycles and playing with other campers . At dark , all the campers roasted marshmallows around a huge campfire . By bedtime we were all worn out .	PERSON and his daughter went camping with the Girl Scouts . The first night they cooked burgers over a campfire . Afterwards they roasted marshmallows and made s'mores . It was very cold that night even in their warm sleeping bags . Before they left for home the next day they made a candle to take Mom .	PERSON 's family went camping each summer for one week . This summer , his family decided to go to the mountains in LOCATION . They picked their campsite and had dinner before going to sleep . They woke up to find a bear had eaten all of their trash and food . The next night , they hung their trash and food high in the trees .
clown	I was terrified of him . I walked quickly , hoping the clown would stop following me . They were n't allowed to touch the customers , but I was scared . I turned to him and told him to stop following me . He stopped and returned to his place on the haunted trail .	Honko was a clown at the big circus . One day at the circus , Honko had a big act to perform . Honko was to slip on a banana peel and fly through a ring of fire . But the peel was too slippery and Honko hit his head instead . PERSON suffered a severe concussion and the show was cancelled .	PERSON was looking forward to Halloween . He was thinking of a good costume . He wanted something fun and yet a little bit scary . PERSON decided to go as a clown . He received many compliments on his great costume .	PERSON loved clowns . He wanted a clown at his birthday party . His dad told him they might get one for him . On the day of his party PERSON looked around eagerly . He was disappointed when he did n't see any clown .	PERSON could n't find her child in the crowd . She started to panic and an official took notice . He asked her what the problem was that had her so disturbed . PERSON told him she could n't find her child . He pointed a relieved PERSON to her kid , sitting on the clown 's lap .	PERSON had a birthday party coming up . Her parents bought her a cake . Her parents also hired a clown . The clown make offensive comments to PERSON . PERSON was sad and the clown was fired .	PERSON was taking his son to a carnival . In the carnival PERSON took his son to see a clown show . PERSON 's son loved seeing the clown . His son laughed at the clown . PERSON was happy to see his son happy .	I was a clown for children 's birthday parties . The gig did not pay well . I was sad and suicidal all the time . But , I had to put on a smile for the kids . I realized that I should have gone to college .	PERSON was a clown for his day job . It was a job he was very passionate about . He would spend hours perfecting his act and routine . Every show the audience hooted and hollered . PERSON loved making the crowd laugh .
graduation	Our niece PERSON graduated from LOCATION -LRB- MA -RRB- High School this June . The ceremony was held at the Conte Forum in Boston College . My wife attended , as well as several family members . I did not go , being disabled . My wife returned late and told me the graduation was very nice .	PERSON was excited to graduate . She thought of summer break and school finally being over . But during the graduation ceremony , PERSON began to feel sad . She thought of her friends and teachers . PERSON was no longer excited to graduate .	It was time for PERSON to graduate from 5th grade . He knew he was going to miss all of his friends . He decided that he did not want to graduate . His mother had a long talk with him about moving on . PERSON reluctantly agreed to graduate from 5th grade .	PERSON walked up to the podium wearing his cap and gown . He looked into the crowd of people and saw his family waving . Before he knew it , the diploma was in his hands . It was a very proud day . That evening , he went out to a fancy restaurant with his family .	My brother was set to graduate college so we all went to visit . The road trip was very long but definitely worth it . He asked how our trip was and we said it was fine . The next day we all met up at the stadium where it was being held . We got lots of pictures of him graduating .	PERSON and her boyfriend both lived in LOCATION . PERSON 's boyfriend enrolled in a college that was in LOCATION . It was hard being separated but he needed his education . Before they knew it , graduation day had come . PERSON flew to LOCATION to watch her boyfriend walk across the stage .	PERSON was graduating high school . He wore his blue cap and gown and walked down the aisle . PERSON 's family and friends congratulated him . As he threw his cap in the air , he smiled . He looked forward to attending college in the fall .	Graduation day is an important step in many people 's lives . PERSON was no exception . He could hardly believe that high school was almost over . All his friends would be splitting up , but it was still fun . PERSON was about to start a new chapter of his life and was excited .	PERSON is an 8th grader that is graduating soon and will have a party . His mom wants to buy him a special present . She went to Target to look at Apple watches . They did not have any in stock and she was disappointed . She went home and ordered it online and was happy to surprise him .
fried chicken	I have never made fried chicken before . I looked up a recipe online . I was missing some of the ingredients . I substituted with what I had at the time . My first fried chicken turned out perfectly .	The man licked his finger . It tasted like fried chicken . He decided to have another piece . That was his third piece at lunch . He felt sick .	I was invited to a company picnic . I wanted to bring some food that was very tasty . I looked up a recipe for fried chicken . I brought the chicken to the picnic . Everyone loved my chicken .	PERSON was hungry . She decided to go to the store . She bought chicken from the deli . She loved the chicken from the first bite . She knew she could eat this everyday .	I decided to make fried chicken again for dinner . I got the chicken out of the freezer and let it thaw . Then I put it in my frying pan with just a little oil . The first side got browned so I turned it over to cook the other side . Then I put it on a plate with some potatoes and ate my dinner .	PERSON loved the fried chicken at a local restaurant . On Saturday nights they have a special . PERSON tries to eat their every Saturday . This Saturday PERSON is running low on money . Unfortunately he had to settle for Ramen noodles .	PERSON loved his mom 's fried chicken . One day he decided he would try to copy her recipe . He bought all the ingredients . He followed each step . PERSON and behold , it turned out perfectly .	PERSON made fried chicken for her mom . It took a lot of work to use the deep fryer . She finally sat down to try it . It was not flavored enough . Her mom complimented her but PERSON felt bad .	PERSON wanted to cook his own fried chicken . So PERSON looked online for a recipe . He found one he liked . He began to make his own fried chicken . He eat his chicken and it was great .
family vacation	PERSON was taking a vacation . Her family was planning a vacation at the same time . PERSON and her family decided to plan their vacation together . They rented a big house on the beach . It was cheaper than taking separate vacations .	The PERSON were looking forward to getting away . When they arrived at the beach they ran to the water . The beaches were just as beautiful as they anticipated . They swam in the ocean all day laughing . Finally as the sun went down they packed up and headed home .	The PERSON family had planned a vacation to the LOCATION LOCATION for months . They loaded up their car and drove many hours to their destination . The Smith 's stayed in a large cabin and visited many historical sites . They had a lot of fun doing outdoor and adventure activities . The family had a great time and plans to return in the future .	PERSON 's entire family was going on vacation to LOCATION . This included his aunts , uncles and all of his cousins . Their flight was scheduled for 8 o'clock in the morning . Getting all those people ready for the shuttle at 5am was tricky . But somehow they made it there with plenty of time to spare .	It was time for the PERSON 's to go own their annual summer vacation . All of the hotel reservations had been made . They rented a van to drive to LOCATION . On the drive there they learned a hurricane was eminent . They decided to tour LOCATION .	LOCATION is a fun place to visit if you 're in LOCATION LOCATION . It has many different types of things to do while on vacation . Today my family plans to visit LOCATION LOCATION . My sister and I had an argument on the way to the island . She said PERSON would choose to play golf but I did n't think so .	My family went to the beach for vacation . Since it was summertime , it was very hot . I went to the boardwalk to get some ice cream . The cold ice cream cooled me down . I was angry when a seagull stole my unfinished ice cream cone .	The PERSON took a family vacation every summer . This summer they had struggled financially . They were not able to have a vacation . The PERSON decided to still have fun camping in their yard . It was as much fun as any previous vacation .	The PERSON family decided to visit the hoover dam . It was their first vacation in Years . When they got close there was a road-block . Bad weather had closed off the area for days . They had to turn around and cut their vacation short .
new laptop	PERSON 's computer was running slow . It was too outdated . PERSON searched online for a new laptop . He found a deal through eBay . PERSON got his laptop in the mail a few days later .	Marks laptop broke . He needed a new one . He looked online for a new one . He found one and ordered it online . He got it several days later and enjoyed it .	PERSON 's old laptop was too slow . Even with upgrades it was n't able to keep up . PERSON decided to buy a new one . He did a lot of researched and asked his friends . Eventually he bought a newer version of what he had .	I finally was able to scoop up a new laptop yesterday . I drove to the Apple Store to look at the selection . Everything was beautiful . I found the MacBook Pro which I loved . I ended up purchasing that .	PERSON went laptop shopping yesterday . She went from store to store but could n't find anything . Finally she found something at Apple . When she went home , it worked perfectly . She was thankful she bought it .	I had been wanting a new laptop for a while . I finally decided to buy myself one online . On the day it was to arrive my girlfriend gave me a gift . It was the new laptop she knew I wanted . I happily returned the one I bought and thanked her .	PERSON had a laptop for a few years . She really loved it . But unfortunately the laptop broke . PERSON had to get another one . When she got it it was great .	PERSON was looking for a new laptop . PERSON needed the laptop to be light , fast , and efficient . After researching , PERSON decided he would purchase a Mac Air . After purchasing , PERSON quickly realized he made the wrong decision . PERSON was not pleased with the operation of his new laptop at all .	PERSON 's laptop broke yesterday . It was upsetting to her . She got a new one today . Luckily the new one is working . She knows now never to drop it again .
salad	PERSON had a craving for a chef salad for dinner . She looked in her fridge to see if she had the items she needed . PERSON realized that she did not have the items needed to make it . She then ran to the store where she bought everything she needed . Then PERSON came home , made her salad , and enjoyed her night .	PERSON 's mom always makes salad . She tears the lettuce by hand . She chops up vegetables . She makes dressing from scratch . She tosses the ingredients and serves it with every meal .	PERSON wanted to make a healthy salad . She decided to go to the local farmer 's market to buy her vegetables . After purchasing her produce , she went home . She prepared her salad and sat at the table to give it a taste . PERSON was very satisfied with how her salad tasted .	I was stuck late at work with nothing to eat a week ago . I really wanted something healthy for dinner but nothing was open . I came home and tried to find something to eat . I ended up finding some lettuce and other salad makings . I made a salad and was really pleased with it !	I went to get hamburgers for dinner . I sat in the drive thru , thinking about the weight I 'd gained . I looked at the menu and thought about all the calories . I decided to have a salad instead of a burger . I went home happy with my choice .	Troy loved to eat salad . He loved it so much . One night he made a giant salad . He ate the entire salad . Then he got a stomach ache .	I wanted to lose weight . I thought if I ordered a salad I would lose weight . I went to the fast food place . I ordered a salad . Amazingly , I did n't lose weight !	I was planning to bring a salad to a potluck . Wanting to be organized , I had made it 2 days before the potluck . I kept the salad in the refrigerator . By the time I brought it to the potluck , the salad looked wilted . Now , I do n't make food until a few hours before a potluck .	PERSON was at the mall . And he was going to buy a burger at the food court , like usual . But a new salad bar opened up . And he decided to try it out . It was so good that he did n't buy burgers anymore .
the move	PERSON 's job was making him move . PERSON was nervous about the move . PERSON told PERSON it would be okay . PERSON moved to LOCATION without any problems . PERSON is now happy in LOCATION .	PERSON was moving into a new home . He rented a moving van . PERSON asked his friends to help him move . PERSON and his friends packed his things into the van . PERSON brought the van to his new house .	We lived in a really small town for several years . After our children started school , we saw we had to move . We decided to move to a larger city . It took us two months to find a house . We moved into it in one day .	PERSON lived in LOCATION . She wanted to move to LOCATION LOCATION . She called her family in LOCATION LOCATION to ask if she could stay with them . They agreed to let her live with them for four months . PERSON moved to LOCATION LOCATION to live with her family .	Tired of her mundane life , PERSON moved to the city . She rented an apartment downtown . It was small . She did n't care . She was looking forward to her new life .	Priya moved to the big city for the first time . She 's dreamed about this move since she was a little girl . Excitement was spilling from her smile . She opened the door to see her old , tiny , overpriced apartment . She wondered if it was worth it .	PERSON was in a rut . He has n't done anything new or exciting in years . Not wanting to live a life of regret , PERSON moved . Now PERSON lives an exciting life with new friends . PERSON knows he wont regret it .	PERSON had packed everything and was saying his goodbyes . As he drove to the station he wondered if he 'd see his friends again . He took the train and got settled in his new home . Three days later he received a phone call from his friend PERSON . PERSON was coming to visit so he would see them again !	We just bought a new house . It is so big compared to our other house . We did need a bigger place . The kids love the yard . It is a nice place .
lost wallet	PERSON was at the bar with friends . The next day he noticed his wallet was missing . PERSON called the bar to see if he left it there . They informed him that someone had dropped off his wallet . Unfortunately it did n't have any money in it .	PERSON was walking along a bike bath . And found a wallet on the floor . He kept the wallet and planned on keeping the money . But farther along the path , someone asked him if he saw a wallet . PERSON decided to hand it over .	PERSON came home from her shopping trip . When she put away her purse , she noticed she was missing her wallet . She got really upset about it . Later on that day she received a phone call from a store manager . She was relieved to hear that someone had found her wallet .	PERSON drove to the gas station to get gas . When he got back home he could n't find his wallet . He took everything out of the car looking for the wallet . He drove back to the gas station to see if he left it there . He found his wallet lying on the ground near the pump .	PERSON lost his wallet . He called up his friends . He realized he left his wallet in his friend 's car . He drove to retrieve his wallet . He thanked his friend for finding his wallet .	PERSON was on her daily walk when she found a wallet . She looked in it for identification and found an ID . She called the person and told them about the wallet . PERSON was happy she was able to return the wallet . The owner rewarded her with a small amount of cash .	PERSON lost his wallet at the movie theater . He tried to go get it after verifying over the phone . They checked his ID but did n't want to give it to him . He had grown a big beard and gained weight . They thought he was a different person entirely .	Drew went to the bar with friends . He got a bit too drunk . By the end of it his friends had to drive him home . The next day Drew realized he forgot his wallet at the bar . He called and had them hold it for him to pick up .	PERSON was looking for a new wallet . He had lost his old wallet . He found a wallet online for a good price . He paid for the wallet with a credit card . The wallet came a week later .
twins	PERSON had a twin named PERSON , and they were very close . But PERSON never believed in anything beyond that until PERSON conceived . The second PERSON went into labor , PERSON woke from a dead sleep . She was forced to admit that she and her sister shared a connection . She did n't know if it was magic , but it was very strong !	PERSON and PERSON were twins and wanted matching Halloween costumes . But PERSON wanted to be a dog and PERSON wanted to be a monster ! They argued and bickered and could n't agree on anything . Then their mom offered a solution to please them both . On Halloween she made them homemade costumes - as werewolves !	PERSON wanted a baby . She and her husband soon found that she was pregnant . They were so excited . Then PERSON discovered she was having twins ! She knew she had twice the work ahead of her !	PERSON and PERSON were twins who were bored with school . They decided they wanted to play a prank . They went in to school and switched places . A classmate noticed and told a teacher . PERSON and PERSON were scolded by the principal for what they had done .	PERSON was about to find the sex of her baby . But the doctor shocked her by saying she was having twins ! PERSON would have twin girls . She was shocked but then thrilled . PERSON decided she 'd have double the joy !	PERSON and her sister Jaz are twins . They used to be very hard to tell apart . PERSON decided to bleach her black hair to white blonde . She did n't read the directions , though , and all of her hair fell out . Now that one sister is bald , they 're very easy to tell apart .	Debra and her husband PERSON were about to have twins . They were trying to prepare with two of everything . They were running low on savings and were n't sure about rent . Luckily Debra 's mother loaned them money for their bills . The couple was able to stay in their apartment for a while longer .	PERSON had a pet sugar glider who was pregnant . Her friend PERSON wanted the baby . But PERSON wanted to keep it for herself ! She was torn , unsure what to do , when her pet gave birth . Then to her joy , she saw that there were twin babies : one for each !	PERSON 's friends joked that they had seen his twin driving around town . PERSON did n't have a twin , he only had an older sister . One day , PERSON was driving to work , and saw a guy who looked like him ! He honked , but the other driver did not notice him . PERSON never saw the other man again .
PERSON visits LOCATION	PERSON had always wanted to visit LOCATION . Finally he had saved money and booked his trip . PERSON loved exploring the natural beauty of the state . He had a terrific trip . PERSON was glad that he had visited LOCATION .	Fred had always wanted to visit LOCATION . He saves his money for a big trip . Finally it is time for him to visit . He eats great food and meets interesting people . PERSON feels happy that he visited LOCATION .	PERSON had always wanted to pick apples in LOCATION . Finally he made some friends who shared his dream . They drove together to LOCATION one fall day . PERSON picked a basket of delicious apples that day . He was so proud that his dream of seeing LOCATION came true .	PERSON was tired of the cold weather in his town . He decided he needed a vacation somewhere warm . A coworker recommended he try going to LOCATION , LOCATION . PERSON swam in the ocean on his trip to LOCATION . He was very happy that he had visited somewhere warm .	PERSON wanted to escape the cold weather for a vacation . He decided to book a trip to LOCATION . In LOCATION he had delicious seafood and sampled the LOCATION nightlife . After a week he returned to his normal routine at home . However , he still cherished the memory of his LOCATION trip .	PERSON missed seeing his best friend from college . Since they had graduated , PERSON had not seen his friend . One weekend he drove to LOCATION to see his old college friend . They shared college memories over a beer . PERSON was happy that he visited his friend .	PERSON had always wanted to see the natural beauty of LOCATION . One day he decides to drive to LOCATION and see it himself . In LOCATION , PERSON tries the local lobster and other food . On the last day he is very sad to leave LOCATION . It has truly been the trip of a lifetime for PERSON .	PERSON wanted to visit LOCATION . He decided to take a trip there . After a long drive PERSON arrived in LOCATION . He ate some delicious food there . PERSON was happy he had visited LOCATION .	PERSON had always dreamed of visiting LOCATION . He began planning for his big trip . Finally PERSON took his flight to LOCATION . PERSON enjoyed delicious food and wine in LOCATION . Flying home , he knew it had been the trip of a lifetime .
birds	PERSON woke one morning to the sound of birds chirping . He opened his window to shoo them away . They flew straight into his house ! PERSON had to use a fishing net to catch them all . PERSON was finally able to get all of the birds back outside .	On his birthday LOCATION receives a pair of binoculars . His father also takes him out bird watching to bond with him . Together they record a number of different birds in the area . Before they had to go home they found a rare bird to watch . As they drove home they joked about the experience together .	I walked onto the back patio . I looked up into the blue sky filled with clouds . I could hear a small bird cawing in the tree overhead . I looked into the tree , trying to find it . My dog ran out barking , and scared it away .	PERSON wanted to do a charitable act . He decided to buy a caged bird . He took the bird to the forest . He set the bird free . He felt great about his charitable act .	I was about to drive back to school . A flock of birds came and pooped all over my car . I was going to use the hose to wash it off . But the water might have frozen . So I cleaned the windshield with a paper towel .	I had an mTurk task describing birds . The directions had a detailed drawing . I learned a lot of new terms . I did quite a few tasks . I was happy to make some money and learn something new .	PERSON loved to look at birds . Lately he had walked down the street and seen hundreds of them . They were bright red and flew in a big flock . PERSON read that these birds were migratory . Surely enough , the very next week he did n't see a single red bird .	PERSON loved pets . She decided that she would like to own two birds . She bought the birds and everything that she needed . But , she realized that the birds could be very annoying . PERSON returned everything a week later .	I can see a pond across the street from my apartment . On Tuesday I saw some birds on the water . They looked like puffins . I got out my telescope , excited . I was disappointed to see they were only seagulls .
disappointment	PERSON loved cats . He always wanted to get a cat when he was young . Since he moved into an apartment by himself , he planned to get one . He spoke to his landlord about this . Unfortunately , PERSON was n't allowed and has to now wait longer .	PERSON was a huge comic book fan . He learned that one of his favorite comics was being adapted to film . He watched all the trailers with deep anticipation . He went with a group of friends to see the movie . Unfortunately PERSON was severely disappointed in the movie .	PERSON was suspended from school for fighting . The principal did n't want to hear her side of the story . Neither did her mother . PERSON sat in her room in the dark feeling helpless . She was in trouble and there was nothing she could do about it .	PERSON went to LOCATION LOCATION to protest the election . She believes neither candidate is a potential president . She also thinks the government is corrupt . She plans to move to LOCATION one day soon . She feels she would be happier there .	PERSON went shopping . She needed a new coffee cups . They did not have any . PERSON was disappointed . She yelled at the store manager .	PERSON bought a new couch . It was delivered on Monday . She got very excited . Two men brought the couch into her house . She found out the couch was too big for her room .	PERSON had finally gotten an interview for his dream job . He prepared carefully for it , researching and practicing questions . He felt confident the day of the interview . When he met the woman he was interviewing with , he knew it was bad . It was a woman he had dumped three years ago after a few dates .	PERSON and PERSON were watching an action . But they were disappointed by all of the cheap special effects . One scene made everyone anticipate a large battle near the end . So PERSON and PERSON eagerly awaited it . But the characters resolved their dispute peacefully .	I knew he would be disappointed . The funeral was huge , but filled with my friends . No one really liked him much in life . In death , they had stayed away from him as well . He was buried in the pouring rain .
broken glasses	PERSON sat on his glasses and they broke in half . He was so unhappy , since his mom could n't afford a new pair yet ! Then he had a brilliant idea . He would dress as PERSON PERSON for Halloween ! Sure enough , everyone thought the broken glasses were a nice touch !	PERSON was reading a new book . He stood up too fast and dropped his glasses . While looking for them he heard a crunch . PERSON accidentally stepped on them . They were shattered and he could n't keep reading .	PERSON had poor eyesight . He needed glasses . He did n't want to wear any . The eye doctor told him about contact lenses . PERSON got those instead .	PERSON was looking for her glasses everywhere . She needed them to drive in the bright sun . After giving up she sat in her car seat . She hurt a crack and her bottom hurt . PERSON sat on her now found glasses .	PERSON was about to get to the airport for her trip . She reached into her pocket to find her glasses to help her see . To her dismay she found them completely broken . PERSON did not know what to do . She ended up having to walk around with bad eyesight .	PERSON 's glasses had flown across the gym . She knew the odds they had n't broken were slim . She grabbed the left arm of the glasses to inspect the damage . But the right side of the glasses fell back to the ground . She stood with her mouth open as her heart sank to the ground .	PERSON was carrying a lot of books in his arms on the way to class . He tripped over a stick and fell . His glasses fell down and broke in half . He needed to take an exam next period so he taped up his glasses . The glasses held in place and he was able to finish his test . B.	PERSON could n't find his glasses . He tried looking everywhere . After a while he bent over and the fell to the floor . They had been on his head the entire time . Unfortunately they broke when the fell off .	PERSON needed glasses to see . His eyes were too sensitive for contact lenses . One day he broke his glasses . He did n't have a spare on him . He remained mostly blind all day .
new baby	PERSON is expecting her first baby . She went to an ultrasound appointment to find out the sex . The doctor told her she is having a boy ! PERSON is planning to tell her husband in a surprise way . She 's going to have him cut into a cake that 's blue inside !	PERSON was pregnant with her first baby . She was so excited to become a mommy . Her blood pressure was too high . Her baby needed to be born early . Though tiny , her baby was born healthy !	Katrina always wanted children . Her and her husband tried for several years but had no luck . They went to the doctor for help . The doctor gave Katrina several treatments . Now , Katrina has a baby girl .	PERSON and her husband are expecting a new baby . She had 2 weeks left until her due date . PERSON was in a meeting at work when she went into labor . Her contractions were 15 minutes apart . She had the baby that night .	PERSON was nine months pregnant . It was n't long before she was ready to give birth . PERSON 's husband rushed her to the hospital . After many hours , the baby was born . PERSON was happy to finally start a family .	PERSON had a beautiful new baby . She and her husband had been trying to have a baby for years . The day the baby was born there was a big celebration . Everyone brought presents to the hospital . PERSON was so excited that she started crying .	PERSON was very nauseous . She thought that she might have the flu . It was also possible that she was pregnant . She took a pregnancy . It was positive .	PERSON had a new baby . The baby cried all day and night . PERSON decided to try a new brand of formula for the baby . The baby drank the formula without crying . PERSON was relieved to have her baby happy again .	PERSON was feeling rather queasy . She took a pregnancy test consequently and found out she was expecting . PERSON cried tears of joy and immediately called her parents . Her parents were thrilled for her . She then called her boyfriend to tell him the news .
wine	Wine is PERSON 's favorite drink . She treated herself every Saturday . Until one Saturday she was too sad to drink . Her friend PERSON came over and cheered her up . They then went out for drinks .	PERSON had gone on a date with PERSON and took her back to his house . He offered her a glass of wine , and PERSON accepted . A few minutes later , And started crying furiously . She explained that wine made her emotional . PERSON was overwhelmed from her crying and said he had to go to sleep .	PERSON liked to have wine with her dinner . Then she started having a few glasses while watching TV . Soon she saw that it was getting excessive . She made an effort to cut back her drinking . At first it was hard , but she succeeded .	PERSON was really bored on a Friday evening . Suddenly , the clock hit 5 . It was now an acceptable time to drink . PERSON went to the cabinet and pulled out a bottle of wine . She opened the wine and got her night off to a good start .	I wanted to make some wine . Thus , I bought some grapes from the market . I fermented them for six weeks . Finally , I had made wine ! Alas , it tasted poor .	PERSON had never tried wine before . She went into her mom 's liquor cabinet and took a bottle . Then she sampled a few drinks . But she inadvertently got drunk ! PERSON 's mom caught her and grounded her for a month !	PERSON was enjoying her first date with PERSON . They laughed and ate dinner . After dinner PERSON ordered a bottle of wine . PERSON had too much to drink and could barely stand up . PERSON did the right thing and drove her home safely .	PERSON was growing grapes in his backyard . He attempted to make wine with the grapes . He tasted it , but it was much too sweet . He cut the sugar and tried again . This time the wine turned out perfect .	PERSON wanted to go to a wine tasting . He decided to go with his wife . They sampled many different wines . But then PERSON had to stop sampling . He was feeling very tipsy !
storm	PERSON was a fisherman . While he was out fishing , a storm came up . He hid in the cabin of his boat while the storm tossed it to and fro . Soon the storm passed , and PERSON saw everything on the deck was safe . He was so relieved to have made it through the storm .	A bad storm started overnight . It blew over a power line . PERSON 's power went out ! But crews came to fix it right away . By the morning , the power was restored .	Ona 's town had a huge blizzard . At first she rejoiced , since her school was closed . But soon things grew bad . Roads were closed and food was running low . Ona actually began to hope the blizzard would end soon !	The clouds rolled in . The storm caused massive damage . The people worked together . They fixed the massive storm damage . The community grew stronger from the calamity .	PERSON was kayaking on the LOCATION LOCATION . It began to storm . She was nervous about the lightening , and pulled out of the river . She carried her kayak to a nearby road . PERSON 's friend PERSON arrived in a jeep to pick her up .	Ugly dark clouds had moved in . Heavy rain began falling . The tornado sirens went off . We hid in the bathroom until they stopped . After the storm we saw a rainbow .	One day there was a terrible snow storm . The power went out all over the city . PERSON and her cat were stranded inside . They only had cat food to eat . Thankfully , the cat was willing to share her food with PERSON .	PERSON was kayaking in the bay one day . Suddenly a freak storm rolled up . Huge clouds and gusts of rain threatened her . PERSON paddled furiously back to shore . She was very lucky to make it before the storm really hit full-force !	PERSON went on a vacation to LOCATION . She had gotten cheap airfare and a cheap hotel rate . But when she arrived , she saw why . It was the rainy season , and chilly , too ! PERSON wished she had done more research .
angry	Our daughter worked as a waitress after graduating from college . She made a lot of money on tips . She ended up owing the IRS some money . She was not happy about the taxes . She went to grad school the next year .	PERSON was extremely angry one day . So he decided to go outside and take a walk . But he felt angry at everyone who passed by him . Eventually , PERSON started to argue with a man and tried to fight him . PERSON later found himself in a hospital .	PERSON 's room had many holes in its walls . And it was because was because PERSON was always angry . One day , PERSON had a guest in his house . And she wandered into PERSON 's room without his permission . Suddenly , PERSON punched another hole in his wall .	PERSON was an experienced artist . And she saw online videos of another artist drawing . PERSON was angry at how stiff and awkward the artist 's drawings were . And she was upset by how many online fans she had . PERSON decided to spam negative comments on all of the videos .	My friend PERSON and I used to play chess in the atrium of our building . We played speed games during lunch . One day a stranger walked by and asked if he could play . He won a game against PERSON . PERSON was angered by the stranger 's smug look .	PERSON was angry with his brother PERSON . At breakfast they each had their own cereal . PERSON poured his brothers cereal on the floor . His mother made And clean up the cereal alone . PERSON did n't speak to his brother for a week .	PERSON had been put up for adoption as an infant , and never knew why . She was very angry at her birth mom even though her family was great . Finally , at age 19 , she decided to find and question her birth mom . PERSON found her birth mom was poor and sick , and finally understood . Her birth mom had given her up to have a good life-and she had !	PERSON was playing tennis with his friend , PERSON . PERSON became angry when he started to lose . He blamed PERSON for his own mistakes . And he quit playing . Later , PERSON realized he only had himself to blame .	The man got angry . He did something . He regretted it later . He apologized for what he did . He was never quite forgiven .
new neighbors	New neighbors moved into PERSON 's apartment building . They were right across the hall from him . PERSON decided to go over and introduce himself . They seemed friendly and talked for a while . PERSON made plans with them to hang out and became friends .	New neighbors moved in across the street . They seem friendly . They went over to say hello to everyone else in the neighborhood . So far they are well liked . The move has gone smoothly .	When PERSON moved to his new town , he went to meet his neighbors . He stopped at all the houses , greeting them . Everyone was welcoming and friendly . One lady invited him in for a snack . PERSON loved his new town !	PERSON has had the same neighbors for the past seven years . Those neighbors moved out last week though . Today his new neighbors were moving in next door . He saw them from afar they all looked sort of homeless . It 's because they were all hipsters and PERSON hates hipsters .	PERSON noticed new neighbors moving in . He figured he would greet them . Before he could they knocked on his door . They offered pie and introduced themselves . PERSON got along well with them .	PERSON looked outside her window . She has new neighbor 's . She immediately ran outside to greet them . They greeted her with open arms . PERSON was so happy to see them .	New neighbors moved in across the street . At first they seemed alright . After a while they kept being loud at night . I finally decided to talk to them about it . They apologized and we moved on .	A new family moved in next door . They were very secretive and reserved . They had children that did not go to school or play outside . The cops showed up at their house yesterday . The Father abducted his children away from his mother .	PERSON noticed a moving truck across the street . There were new neighbors moving in . PERSON went over to introduce himself . They seemed nice and friendly . PERSON became good friends with them after a while .
bad luck	PERSON tried to cross the street in order to get to his class . Several papers fell out of his bookbag . They landed into a puddle . He searched the puddle for the papers . Unfortunately , his homework got soaked .	After an unfortunate accident , PERSON 's car was totaled . She 'd had the car for years , and hated the idea of losing it . But she was excited when she found the perfect new car a week later . She had just started driving it when a Ford plowed into her . PERSON cursed her rotten luck .	LOCATION does n't have good luck . Today it started to rain while he walked to school . He slipped on the sidewalk . All of his papers fell out of his hands and into a puddle . This is almost a normal day for LOCATION .	PERSON took a trip to LOCATION LOCATION . He planned on gambling while he was there . One his way to the casino , PERSON tripped and fell . PERSON broke two bones in his ankle . PERSON spent the night in the hospital instead of the casino .	PERSON liked to play the slots in LOCATION LOCATION . Today he hoped to hit the jackpot . He played his favorite machine all day , but did n't win . He eventually had to get something to eat , he walked away . With his back turned , he heard bells and cheers , he never turned back .	PERSON was trying to hang the mirror up on the wall . She could not get it to hang straight at all . She pounded on the wall in frustration . The mirror wobbled , then fell . Sighing , she went to get the broom .	The teacher handed our test packets . I realized that I studied for the wrong material . However , I tried to answer the questions . The next day , the teacher gave us our test grades . She told me that I failed .	PERSON was driving home from work . He had just purchased a brand new car the day before . PERSON heard a loud thump . He pulled over to look at his car . His car had a flat tire with a nail in it .	PERSON went to the casino and bet all his money on black . The ball landed in red and PERSON lost all his money . PERSON was glad that he lost it all at once . He spent the rest of his time walking around the casino . He told himself that he at least got exercise out of this bad luck .
lasagna	PERSON always knew the story of PERSON and lasagna . He thought maybe his cats would like it too . So when he made a batch he put some in their bowls . The cats refused to touch it though ! That was the last time he would trust a cartoon cat !	There was this awesome Italian joint by my house . They had the best lasagna and I would get one every other day . One day I went there and they were closed . They were put out of business for good so I had to find another place . I did but the food is n't nearly as good .	Sue decided to make lasagna . She had never done it before . She followed the recipe exactly . It took hours . It turned out to be a great success .	PERSON was going to cook lasagna . She had never done it before . She bought all the ingredients . She followed the recipe . It turned out perfectly !	PERSON was making lasagna . He bought all the ingredients . As he was cooking , he could not find the ricotta cheese . PERSON had forgotten one of the main ingredients . He was upset he could n't finish his dinner .	Sue decided to make lasagna for her family . She had never made lasagna before . She bought all the ingredients and followed a recipe . When she was ready to serve it , she dropped the dish . Sue 's lasagna was ruined .	I wanted to make some lasagna for my family . I put all the ingredients together and put it in the oven . After a while , it was done . I pulled it out and served it up to everyone . They hated it , because I 'm a terrible cook .	Frank went to a Italian restaurant . He got some lasagna . Frank eat it . Frank finished it . It was delicious .	PERSON decided to cook dinner . She searched for a recipe for lasagna . She bought all the ingredients . When she got home she realized she forgot the ricotta cheese . PERSON had to order pizza for dinner .
toys	I loved to get happy meal toys . They were by far the best you could get at a drive thru . I went with excitement for lunch . I got the hamburger that turned into a dinosaur . I played with it for weeks .	PERSON brought his old toys into a Goodwill . He told the clerk he was too old for them . As he was driving home , he change his mind . He drove back to the store to retrieve them . It was too late , a child had already bought them .	My nephew 's wife works in a bank . One day a customer gave her a bag of toy soldiers . They came packed in little boxes . I sold them on eBay for $ 600 . My nephew was amazed .	Mr PERSON had to buy gifts for his son . He was n't sure what to get . He went to Toys R Us and asked the cashier what to get . He bought some lego toys and some video games . He decided if his son does n't like one , he 'll like the other .	PERSON is frustrated . He can not reach his favorite toy . With much effort , Even tried to move toward the toy . Finally , the toy was within his grasp . Even will forever cherish his toy .	PERSON liked toys alot for xmas . And this year she got alot . But she never took care of them . So her mother donated them to a local charity . PERSON even noticed they were gone .	PERSON bought a new toy for her daughter . She was very excited to give it to her for her birthday . PERSON 's daughter unwrapped the toy at her party . The toy would not turn on and was broken . PERSON 's daughter was very sad .	PERSON was playing with his new toy truck . He accidentally threw it out the window . He went out and could not find it . He asked his mom to find it for him . She found it .	I went to toys r us . I had to buy a toy for my child . I found some legos . I purchased it and brought it home . My son loved it .
cold shower	PERSON forgot to pay her heating bill . And the next day , she forgot that she forgot . When she got into her shower , she wondered why there was no hot water . Then she remembered she forgot to pay her heating bill . PERSON 's cold shower made her remember to pay it next time .	PERSON was in the shower . I filled up a glass of cold water . I snuck into the bathroom and poured the water on her . She screamed and yelled at me . Now I need to remember to lock the door so she does n't get me back .	PERSON 's water heater was electric . He had n't paid his electric bill . They shut off his power . PERSON needed to take a shower . He took a horribly cold one .	PERSON came back from a jog . He needed to take a shower . The bathroom was occupied . PERSON was too impatient to wait . He grabbed a bucket of water and soap and bathed outside .	PERSON stayed up late . He had to go to work early in the morning . He had a hard time getting up . PERSON decided to take a cold shower . It woke him up in the worst way possible .	PERSON made his college schedule without any morning classes . He bragged to his three roommates with early classes . On the first day of the semester PERSON got to sleep in late . He got out of bed and went to the shared shower . But his roommates had used all the hot water and it was freezing cold .	PERSON was trying to take a shower . For some reason no hot water was coming out . PERSON checked the boiler to see the problem . The pilot light had gone out . PERSON lit it again and took a shower after a few hours .	PERSON took his time in the shower . The water got cold . He got out of the shower . His roommate came home . His roommate took a cold shower .	The hot water in PERSON 's shower was n't working . But he could not afford to have it repaired . PERSON was lucky that it was summer . So he took a cold shower without feeling too uncomfortable . But PERSON did not know how long he could put up with it .
the doctor	PERSON has a sore throat . His mother took him to the doctor . PERSON was afraid the doctor would give him a shot . Instead , the doctor just check his temperature and throat . He then gave PERSON medicine so he could feel all better .	The doctor had just graduated from medical school . He was opening a practice in the town . All of the residents were excited to have a doctor nearby . Soon , his appointments were booked up . The doctor had become very popular !	PERSON had been having lots of pain in his back . He went to a doctor to talk about it . The doctor diagnosed him with scoliosis . PERSON was given a brace to wear . It was uncomfortable , but would help him in the long run .	The doctor came into the room looking rather grim . He picked up the patient 's file and read it . The doctor told the patient that he was going to die . The patient became quite sad . The doctor put down the file and left the room .	Both of PERSON 's parents were doctors and wanted him to be too . He was n't interested but told them we would be one . He studied french and eventually got his doctorate . He nervously confronted his parents and told them the truth . They said they did n't care and loved him anyway .	PERSON had a nagging cough . She went to the doctor . He diagnosed her with pneumonia . She was supposed to go home and rest . The doctor called her that night to check on her .	Little PERSON hated going to the doctor , but he had a sore throat . His mother told him that they must go to the doctor . At the doctor , PERSON was worried he 'd have to get a shot . The doctor told him he had strep throat , and could take medicine . PERSON left the doctor with his medicine and knew he would feel better .	PERSON was very sick . He had a bad cold . He was afraid of doctors . He finally decided to visit one . The doctor gave him medicine that made him much better .	Doctor PERSON had been the only doctor in the small town for years . He treated everyone when they got sick . One day , Doctor PERSON decided to retire . He hired a young new doctor instead . The townspeople were horrified and boycotted the practice .
art	PERSON was drawing a pretty picture in art class . Then her crayon slipped and the picture was messed up ! She started to cry , but her teacher hurried to console her . She told PERSON that it was important to color outside the lines , too ! PERSON smiled , relieved , and continued drawing .	PERSON went to a art school . She loved all of her classes . She had always wanted to a be an artist . One day she submitted her art in a contest . She won 2nd place !	The man studied art . He only liked to look at it . He bought a gallery . He displayed painters that he liked . He gained a good reputation .	I had an art teacher in middle school . He said that he would let us not have to work . All we had to do was tell him the definition of art . We tried to define the word . But he did n't mean it literally .	PERSON read many books . He read something that he deemed profound . He read about how important art was . He learned that art was a way to express oneself . PERSON began creating art himself .	PERSON just moved into a new house . He wanted some new art for his new house . So PERSON went on his laptop . He looked online for paintings . He found some nice paintings and bought them .	PERSON went with his girlfriend to an art gallery showing . PERSON had never really thought about art before . During the showing , PERSON noticed a piece he really liked . PERSON inquired about the price of the piece . PERSON bought the piece of art from the gallery !	PERSON loved comic books . His favorite part was the artistry and colors on each page . He decided that he wanted to learn to draw . It was n't easy at first . After many months of practice , however , his skills improved .	There was an artist named PERSON . He was trying to become famous . He would paint every day to practice . One day , someone finally noticed him . The word began to spread and his work became famous .
jellyfish	PERSON went to the beach on vacation . As he was sunbathing , he noticed something in the water . He went to investigate . Suddenly , PERSON felt a sharp pain in his foot . He had stepped on a jellyfish .	PERSON went swimming . He was bit by a jellyfish . His leg swelled up . PERSON went to the hospital . The swelling was taken care of .	PERSON went to the beach with her mother on Saturday . A floating jellyfish stung PERSON while she played in the ocean . PERSON became scared of going to the beach . PERSON 's mother took her back to the beach on Sunday . PERSON decided that the beach was fun if there were no jellyfish .	I went to the beach . The beach was filled with jellyfish . I was sad that I could n't swim . I had an idea . I decided to swim in the pool instead .	I was headed to the beach for a party at night . The radio had some reports of jellyfish attacks . I did not believe this would happen so I went anyway . While I was at the beach I was attacked by jellyfish . I will now pay attention to radio beach alerts from now on .	My friends and I decided to go swimming in the ocean . We jumped into the cold water . We were swimming for about ten minutes when my friend screamed . He swam to the shore crying . He had been stung by a jellyfish .	PERSON had been warned there were jellyfish in the water . He ignored the warnings and went in to swim anyway . He was in the water for a few minutes when he felt a burning pain . He looked down and saw a jellyfish touching his side . He got out of the water as fast as he could .	PERSON and his wife took a trip to LOCATION . They were at the beach one day when PERSON was stung by a jellyfish . There was n't anyone around to call for help . PERSON remembered what he heard on the radio about jellyfish stings . He scraped the sting with a credit card to help stop the stinging .	My son and I had gone out to walk the beach early in the morning . There was n't anyone else on the beach as we walked along . We could see where the waves had washed jellyfish up on the shore . There were jellyfish everywhere for a long way down the beach . We made our way home without stepping on any jellyfish .
ice cream	PERSON 's mom promised him ice cream if he behaved . He waited patiently for her in the grocery store . He did n't argue with his little sister in the car . Finally , his mom pulled into the ice cream parking lot ! PERSON had a gigantic vanilla ice !	PERSON was walking around his neighborhood and saw a ice cream store . He decided he wanted too some ice cream . PERSON got a cone with chocolate ice cream . He licked the ice cream . It was a good ice cream .	Sue loves to eat ice cream . She decided to open up an ice cream shop . She gives her customers many options . She also offers a free ice cream of the month club . Sue loves having an ice cream shop .	PERSON bought four things of ice cream . One was mint , one was orange , and one was brownie fudge . He got stuck in traffic on the way home from the store . The ice cream got melty and sort of made a mess . When he got home , he froze what was left of it .	PERSON loved to eat ice cream . He ate it every night . He gained a lot of weight . PERSON then could n't get a girlfriend . He stopped eating ice cream and got a girlfriend .	PERSON and PERSON were headed to the ice cream shop . On the way there PERSON fell and busted up his knee . PERSON helped him limp the rest of the way to the shop . After he was cleaned up PERSON bought him ice cream . PERSON was such a good friend !	Whenever my baseball team won a game , our coach bought us ice cream . We had never lost a game before , and so always had ice cream . Then one day , we lost badly to a semi-professional team . We were sad , but our coach took us to buy ice cream anyway . I 'm happy our coach gave us ice cream and I hope we do n't lose again .	PERSON walked down the road . He saw the ice cream truck . He ordered two ice creams . In the shade he at them . He felt full in his belly .	Nala had a hankering for ice cream . She drove to an ice cream parlor even though it was January . There , she found no other customers , since it was so cold . Nala was served her ice cream cone right away . As she ate it , she smiled with satisfaction !
the fair	PERSON decided to go to the county fair . He paid five dollars for his ticket . He was able to ride the merry-go-round all day long . After rides , he got an elephant ear . The fair was the best one that he had been to .	Every year the fair came to town in September . PERSON and his friend PERSON looked forward to it . On opening night , PERSON 's parents took them . The first thing they did was head to the midway to play games . They both won stuffed animals and a basketball .	The state fair was wrapping up . The boys had gone every day for a week . They had eaten junk food and ridden rides . When it was over , they were very sad . THey 'd made a lot of fun memories , though !	Jasmine went to the fair after work . She mostly walked around watching people have fun . A worker there gave her an envelope and told her to open it . When she opened , it said she had won a new puppy . PERSON told him she had enough bills and gave it back to him .	PERSON was a shy boy . He had a crush on a girl named PERSON . He got up the courage to ask her out on a date . PERSON said yes to PERSON 's surprise . They went to the fair on their date where they had a great time .	PERSON was at the state fair with his friends . He bought a lot of fried food . Then he went to go play the carnival games . He was not very good at the games and wasted a lot of money . PERSON left the fair feeling very angry .	The kids worked all summer on their projects for the county fair . On fair day , they gathered the items up . They set them out for the judges , nervously . They each got a blue ribbon ! All their hard work had paid off .	The fair was in town last week . They had set up right in the middle of town . They had a lot of fun rides . They served some really yummy food too . I had so much fun !	The fair came to town a few weeks ago . They had a lot of interesting attractions . They also had a different musician every night . We went on opening night . They had fireworks at the end of the night .
walk	PERSON decided to hike the LOCATION LOCATION trail to improve his health . He trained in the gym for months in preparation . He set out north in April of the year . The hike took five months . He lost 20 pounds and felt much more at peace with himself .	During my usual walk I got a lot more tired than usual . This was n't like me so I was very confused during it . After a while longer I decided to take a break . During this break I calmed down and was doing better . When I got home I rested a lot and felt better !	PERSON loved to walk in the woods . It was a nice day , so he got his walking stick and began walking . He walked his usual path with his dog . They came upon a bear during the walk . They scared the bear off and quickly returned home safely .	PERSON went out to take a walk He went to the grocery store . He had no reason to buy anything . He bought an apple though . He ate it on the walk back .	PERSON was lost in an area . His phone was dead and he did not know what to do . He kept walking and could n't see stores . He started running in a certain direction . Somehow he made it back home .	Both PERSON and PERSON wanted to lose weight . So they decided they should start to eat healthier . But they also realized they needed to burn more calories . So each night they decided to go for a long walk . They soon shed all the weight they needed to lose .	PERSON felt terrible one day . And she did n't know if she would ever feel better . She became very depressed . But a friend suggested that she should walk . After a few hours of walking , she felt glad .	PERSON took her dog for a walk one night . Another dog was being walked on the same street . The two dogs rushed to attack each other . But then they calmed down and played together . The two dogs acted like old friends !	PERSON took a walk out late one night . He saw police activity ahead but did n't worry . Then a police truck pulled up next to him and he began to worry . The policeman advised him to walk around the area safely . PERSON thanked the nice officer and they moved on .
grill	I decided to make burgers . I made the patties and put them on a plate . I left the plate on the picnic table . Next thing I knew , the dog had stolen the plate . She had the burger on the ground , eating them all .	PERSON was manning the grill at the company picnic . He had never grilled meat before . He did his best , but a lot of the meat burned . PERSON 's coworkers were angry . PERSON apologized for his inexperience .	My wife had never tried cooking on the grill . I decided one day to teach her how to use the grill . At first , she was a little scared and afraid to try . However , with my help , she cooked an amazing steak dinner for us . Now , I ca n't keep up with all of the amazing food she is grilling .	PERSON and PERSON took their grill to the beach . They were excited for the last BBQ of summer . But when they arrived , they saw they 'd forgotten charcoal ! PERSON quickly gathered driftwood to use as a substitute . Luckily , the wood burned well !	PERSON was n't sure which barbecue grill he wanted to buy . He did some research and decided on a particular model . PERSON had the family and some friends over for a cook-out that weekend . PERSON spared no expense and grilled steaks and fish and burgers . PERSON felt good about his purchase decision and the food was great !	PERSON went to light the grill . He thought the grill had become lit . When he went to check on it , it was not lit . When he re-lit it , it had been full of gas . A giant fire ball came up and almost burned his eyebrows .	I bought a new grill from the store downtown . The grill started off working great . The grill would not light the second time I tried to use it . I decided to bring the grill back to the store . The store gave me a refund for the broken grill .	PERSON wanted to grill some Meat . He put on some dogs and burgers . Then he had a few beers . Suddenly he remembered to check the meat ! It was too late - everything had burned .	PERSON wanted a new grill . His wife thought it was an unnecessary expense . But PERSON wanted it very badly ! Finally she gave in and let him buy it . PERSON loved his new grill !
sewing	PERSON wanted to embroider some tea towels for her sister . But PERSON did n't know how to sew . PERSON watched some online tutorials about sewing . PERSON practiced what she learned on the tutorials . She embroidered a set of four beautiful towels for her sister .	PERSON had cut scores of squares and stacked them by color . She was ready to start sewing the fabric squares together . The task seemed overwhelming . She paired the squares together and began to sew . At the end of an hour , PERSON had a string of squares sewn together .	PERSON wanted to learn how to sew . She asked for a sewing machine for Christmas . She could not figure out how to thread the needle . She finally enrolled in sewing classes . Now PERSON can make a full wardrobe .	Today my pants ripped . I decided to sew up the torn seam . I thought I did a great job . The seam busted again . I decided to get a new pair of pants .	PERSON wanted a new dress for her Christmas party . But she could n't afford to buy one . So she got some fabric and began sewing . Soon she had a beautiful handmade dress . All PERSON 's friends loved and complimented her new dress !	PERSON was sewing a dress . She cut out the pattern pieces . Then she basted the pieces together . She sewed , but then she stabbed herself on a pin ! She had to take a break to bandage her wound .	My grandmother taught me to sew when I was a young girl . I really enjoy doing it . My grandmother has since passed away . I continue to create new sewing projects 3 times a month . This reminds me of my grandmother .	I was at school running to get to class . Suddenly , my jeans ripped . I did not have money for new jeans . When I got home , I decided to simply sew the hole in my jeans . The jeans held together better than ever before .	PERSON liked to sew . He got a new sewing machine and decided to make a gift to break it in . He sewed a brand new dress for his mother . When she received the gift , she was ecstatic . PERSON was happy to see that his hobby had made someone else happy .
learning to drive	PERSON wanted to teach his son PERSON how to drive a car . They both got up early at 8AM in the morning to start . He went over the basics as PERSON started the vehicle . PERSON pulled out of the driveway and headed to a stop sign . PERSON made a gentle and complete stop to PERSON 's relief .	I never learned to drive a stick shift as a kid . The other day I had to use my friend 's car . And of course it 's a five speed manual . It took a few minutes but I got the hang of it pretty quick . Now I can drive almost anything .	PERSON could n't wait to be 16 so she could drive herself around . But the first step in driving was learning to drive . Her father was the one who was going to teach her . It was a scary job , but he knew it had to be done . Soon enough PERSON was a great driver and ready to take the test .	After I got my learner 's permit , my mom let me drive home . She told me to take the long way home so I 'd avoid the highway . I did pretty well pulling out of the parking lot . Shortly after , I turned too sharp and almost hit someone ! My mom said that was enough for one day and drove us home .	PERSON 's mother was trying to teach her to drive . She had her drive around a parking lot first . Then she had her turn onto back roads . After a while she made her go on the main road . PERSON was very happy to have started learning to drive .	PERSON learned to drive when she was fourteen years old . Her dad took her to a school that had lots of clear roads . She had the seat all the way forward to reach the pedals . Some days she would practice for an hour . When it was time to get her license she was already sure of herself .	PERSON was taking driver 's ed . He had never used a car before . PERSON was nervous and did poorly at first . After some practice he started feeling more comfortable . Eventually he passed the test with good grades .	PERSON was excited because today he will learn how to drive . His father was taking him to a empty parking lot . PERSON was scared and almost crashed into pole . PERSON 's father told him to relax . After PERSON started driving better .	PERSON was learning how to drive . One day , there was snow on the road . She tried to brake when a car pulled in front of her . She did not brake fast enough and hit the car . Her mother was very angry .
new friend	PERSON disliked PERSON . However the professor told PERSON to work on a project with Sue . At first the girls butted heads constantly . After 3 days they realized they were more alike than not . The girls became best friends .	PERSON was scared to start her first day of school . She was nervous about making friends . Luckily she made a friend the first day . Her name was lily . The two girls became friends for Years .	PERSON bought a new mountain bike . He went biking on an old trail . His tire ran over something sharp and went flat . Another biker passed by and offered to help patch the tire . PERSON thanked the biker and exchanged phone numbers with him .	PERSON wanted a puppy . She visited an animal shelter to find a new friend . When she got there , a small mixed puppy would n't leave her alone . The needy puppy ended up going home with her . PERSON is happy that they chose each other .	PERSON was sitting in his school cafeteria eating his lunch . Suddenly , a female student sat his table . She began to talk to him . PERSON was surprised that someone wanted to talk to him . PERSON made a new friend .	PERSON heard a dog barking outside her window . She did not own a dog , and went outside to investigate the noise . The dog ran into her house and laid down on the sofa . PERSON asked around to see if anyone owned the dog . PERSON decided to adopt the dog when no one claimed him .	PERSON was at a friend 's desk on her break . There as a new addition to this department . The new guy joined the conversation . To her amazement the new guy fit right in . She had a feeling they would be great friends .	PERSON had always had friends when he lived in his old town . The move had been hard on him though . He just did n't seem to know anyone . His neighbors came to meet him and brought their son PERSON . The two quickly became friends and PERSON was no longer alone .	PERSON was nervous to start her first day of school . She took extra time getting dressed and ready . Finally she was out the door . When she got to school she met some nice people . Making new friends eased her worries .
sugar	PERSON was trying to cut sugar . She decided to only eat natural sources of sugar . PERSON also decided to only drink water . She started to see changes in her skin tone . She was glad she made the switch .	PERSON has a sugar daddy . She went on dates and dinners with this man . Eventually , the man got deep feelings for her . She got so uncomfortable , because he was taking it too far . She broke it off and left him soon after .	Smear was baking a cake for his sister . The next step required one cup of sugar . He opened the cupboard and reached for the bag of sugar . However , he slipped and stumbled across the kitchen floor . The bag of sugar opened and spilled everywhere .	PERSON wanted to eat a healthy breakfast . So he started to make oatmeal . But he began to get carried away . He added honey , brown sugar , strawberry , milk . And unfortunately , his breakfast was n't healthy anymore .	PERSON liked candy a lot . But it would get her really hyper . One day after Easter she ate all her candy . But she crashed the same day mid-afternoon . Her parents keep an eye on her candy intake now .	PERSON could n't stand sugar . So when his niece threw a piece of cake in his face , he got mad . She told him it was a birthday tradition . But PERSON was already starting to breathe hard . And he had to go to the hospital as he really could n't stand sugar .	PERSON was making Kool-Aid for her kids . But she ran short on sugar ! She added all she had and hoped for the best . The kids loved it , to her shock ! PERSON had found a healthier way to give her kids drinks !	PERSON put sugar in everything . He put it in his milk . He put it in his eggs . One day he got a bad tooth ache . From then on PERSON cut back on his usage of sugar .	PERSON wanted to improve his health . He read about many strategies online . He decided that quitting sugar would be the most beneficial . PERSON saw every aspect of his health improve after quitting sugar . PERSON was very happy with his decision and lifestyle .
best friends	PERSON wanted a puppy for her birthday . Her parents did not have enough money to buy a puppy . They got PERSON a bunny instead . PERSON loved the bunny who she named PERSON . PERSON and PERSON were best friends .	Me and PERSON have been best friends since the 1st grade . We attended elementary , middle school and high school together . I was so mad when we were accepted to different colleges . I thought that would break up our friendship , but it did n't . We kept in touch daily and after graduate we became roommates .	PERSON and i are best friends . We were friends since childhood . But when we were in college everything has changed . We part ways and many people came into our lives . It 's been years since i saw him .	PERSON and PERSON are best friends . They have known each other since the 3rd grade . They know everything about each other . Last spring they were in each other 's wedding . Their children are now best friends .	PERSON had been asking his mom for a dog for years . His mom was reluctant to get the dog for many reasons . The main reason was she did not think PERSON was mature enough . She finally let in and let him get the dog . PERSON cared for the dog and they became best friends .	PERSON likes to take his dog for a walk . His dog is a small pomeranian . Being so small , he ca n't walk for long . PERSON wears a backpack to carry him in . Now he can take his dog out for a long time .	PERSON asked PERSON to be his best man . They met in grade school . They spent the rest of their school years together . They were always together . They are best friends .	PERSON takes his dog Max many places . They hopped in the truck . They drove to the beach . PERSON threw a stick in the water for PERSON to fetch . They drove home on a wet truck seat .	PERSON and PERSON were always best friends . They talked on the phone every day . They spent weekends shopping together and discussing boys . They each moved away for school , and then life . Years later , they found each other again and resumed the friendship !
workout	PERSON was at the gym . There was a guy working out there . The guy would constantly make noises . PERSON asked him to stop . He would n't listen .	I woke up yesterday morning and saw that I was getting chubby . Immediately , I ran to the gym as fast as I could . I did a variety of cardio workouts while at the gym . After the workout , I had a healthy fruit snack . I went to bed last night feeling thinner .	PERSON decided to get swimsuit ready . She bought some free weights . She began working out every day . She started to see a change in her body . She was ready to rock her new bikini .	PERSON had been sick . She finally went back to the gym . Her trainer put her through an intensive workout . PERSON started to feel sick . She got sick and threw up .	I had not been to a gym in 8 years . I finally dragged myself to a fitness class . It felt so amazing to use all my muscles again ! So when I came home , I felt like celebrating . I ate the entire box of chocolates .	PERSON suffered from anxiety . But he noticed that he felt better after he worked out . So he signed up for a gym membership . And he exercised for an hour everyday . Weeks later , PERSON 's anxiety decreased significantly .	Matt looks really skinny and weak . He decides to go workout . He buys weights online . He starts working out every day . He gains a lot of muscle .	PERSON worked out all the time . He wanted to become an olympian . He practiced every day for 15 years . When he turned 27 his dreams came true . He won silver in the olympics bringing glory to his nation .	I needed to lose a few pounds for a upcoming marathon . Keeping track of all my exercise helped me track my progress . I also adjusted my food intake to maximize weight loss . Working out daily with more cardio for longer sessions for stamina . I lost enough weight in time for the marathon .
the argument	PERSON 's friends were arguing . There was a long string of group texts on her phone . She had missed them all . She read them all intently . She tried not to , but she enjoyed the drama far too much .	PERSON and PERSON were having a loud argument in the laundromat . An old woman asked them to stop , but they ignored her . She showed them a picture of her husband and said he was dead now . She told them that he died before she could tell him she loved him . They were touched and quickly reconciled .	The siblings were having an argument . Their mom told them to stop yelling at each other . They went into another room and kept the fight going . They both got sent to their rooms . The siblings were angry with each other .	We had a huge argument a few days ago . I got mad at my laptop because it was acting strange . I could n't do any of my work properly . I finally looked at the side of it , and saw the ethernet was unplugged . I plugged it in , and everything worked again .	Last night my girlfriend and I got into a fight . She was wrong and I was right . She could n't understand why . I kept telling her to calm down and listen . She has n't answered my calls all day today her profile says single .	PERSON and her husband were not on good terms . They 'd had a horrible argument the week before . They did n't speak for days after that . PERSON told him that she wanted him to move out . That sparked another argument !	PERSON and PERSON were having a horrible argument . PERSON was angry that PERSON forgot to buy him beer . PERSON was angry that PERSON did n't clean up after himself . After a while , the couple decided to separate . Both were much happier apart .	PERSON had an argument with his mother . He did n't want to clean his room . He yelled at his mother for an hour . He then felt really bad . He decided to clean his room and apologize .	PERSON accused Crystal of stealing his money . He said he 'd left it on the dresser . She insisted she had n't taken it . He found it later in his pocket . He apologized for accusing her unfairly .
making dinner	I asked to help PERSON with dinner tonight . I helped make meat balls . I ground the meat with my hands . It was squishy and fun ! I made such a big mess I had to take a bath !	I came home from work and was very hungry . I looked through my fridge for some food . I found a bag of pasta and decided to cook it . I put a pan on the stove and put the food in it . I cooked the pasta and enjoyed it .	I did n't know what to make for dinner last night . There were n't many options in the refrigerator . I wound up ordering Chinese food instead . It did n't solve the refrigerator problem . At least I 'm full now .	Jarred loved to cook . He really loved cooking for people as well . He was cooking for his family tonight . He worked long and hard to make a great meal . Everyone loved it and had seconds .	PERSON never cooked dinner . He thought he would surprise his girlfriend . He looked up online how to cook a fancy dinner . PERSON only messed up small parts of it . His girlfriend loved the gesture .	PERSON and her grandma were going to cook dinner together . Grandma wanted to make salmon croquettes . PERSON measured out and poured the ingredients into the bowl . She mixed it all together with her hands . PERSON felt like a big help as she watched grandma fry the croquettes .	Last night I tried to cook dinner for my family . I decided on an easy stew and mashed potatoes . The stew boiled over and nearly burned down the kitchen . The potatoes were burned on the outside and frozen on the inside . So we ordered pizza instead .	PERSON decided to make dinner one night . She was not a great cook , so came up with a simple recipe . PERSON was first to try it , and he said it came out great . PERSON reluctantly tried it and expected the worse . The meal actually came out good and they both enjoyed it .	Growing up my parents always made or bought me dinner . I never had to cook for myself . Now I 'm moving in with my girlfriend . She works during the day and expects me to cook for us . I have been quietly learning recipes online during each day .
birthday surprise	PERSON wanted to surprise his daughter PERSON with a new puppy . On her birthday , PERSON asked PERSON to get him something from the garage . PERSON raised the garage door with remote garage door opener . A blonde bundle of puppy fur excitedly ran toward PERSON from the garage . This was the best birthday surprise she had ever had .	Yesterday was my 40th birthday . When I came home , my husband was acting very weird and nervous . When I got into the living room , I was shocked to see my whole family ! My husband had planned a party all by himself ! I could n't believe he did it without me finding out .	PERSON was extremely excited for his birthday . He woke up early . All of PERSON 's friends showed up at the party . PERSON began opening up the presents . He discovered a brand new playstation 4 .	PERSON knew that her parents had a big surprise in store for her . Her 21st birthday was coming up and she could n't wait to find out . On her birthday , her parents handed her a photo album as her gift . PERSON was disappointed that it was n't more . PERSON opened the album to find it filled with hundred dollar bills .	None of PERSON 's friends called her to wish her a happy birthday . She did not get mad but rather felt sad . She wondered whether they cared . She heard a knock at the door . Her friends had come over to throw her a surprise birthday party .	PERSON has been looking forward to next week 's football game all week . But when he tries to get tickets they are sold out everywhere . Finally he resigns himself to the fact that he 's not going to go . But that day his girlfriend surprises him with tickets to the game . PERSON thinks it 's the best birthday present he 's ever received	LOCATION wanted to go to an amusement park for her birthday . Her birthday was in the winter and it was too rainy for her plans . She sadly cancelled the event and took back her friend 's invites . Her best friend decided to throw her a surprise party instead . The surprise was a success and LOCATION was ecstatic at the party .	Amber wanted to surprise her husband on his birthday . She bought gifts at the store . She set them up while he was at work . Her husband came home from work . He was surprised to see her party .	PERSON was turning seven today . She really , really hoped she was getting a puppy for her birthday . She opened all her gifts but no puppy ! She was feeling sad because that was all she really wanted . Then her Aunt PERSON came in carrying a little white dog for her !
train	I wanted to travel on a train , since I had never done it before . I researched and planned a trip to a nearby city . On the day of the trip , I boarded excitedly . The ride was fun and enjoyable . My trip was good , and I got to experience something new .	My husband and I boarded a train . About four hours into the journey , an announcement was made . The border had been closed and we had to get off the train . We had to find a bus to our destination instead . After hours of waiting , we finally found one .	PERSON was waiting for a train . She had three heavy bags with her . Finally the train pulled into the station . A train attendant helped put her bags on the train . PERSON left the station aboard the train .	PERSON commutes on the train to work every day . He usually sits alone , but today a nice lady sat next to him . They chatted about their jobs and homes . PERSON asked for her number . She gave her number and PERSON was happy to have a new friend .	I took my son to LOCATION . He said he wanted to go on a train . I agreed to take him on a train . I booked two tickets for a train from LOCATION to LOCATION . My son had a great time on the train !	I was on my way to work . I got stopped by a train . I waited for a while . The train finally passed . I got to work late .	PERSON was riding the subway home from work . He got engrossed in his newspaper . He did n't even notice when the subway passed his stop ! By the time he realized , it was too late . PERSON had to walk back four blocks .	PERSON was riding the train to work in the morning . The area was very crowded . PERSON was in a rush . As people were crowding in the train PERSON pressed the close button . Someone got caught in the door and slightly injured .	PERSON had to take a train to his grandma 's house . This was his first time . He kept asking people for help and directions . He made everything on time . He met up with his grandma .
phone call	PERSON 's friend PERSON was out of town all summer . PERSON missed talking to her friend . Finally Sue called and PERSON was very excited to talk to her . But PERSON spent the whole time talking about herself . The conversation was n't as fun as PERSON had hoped .	PERSON 's phone began to ring . She answered it quickly . It was her mother . She asked her how her day was . PERSON said it was fine .	PERSON was talking to her mother on the phone . Then she heard a loud noise and her mother stopped talking . PERSON rushed to her mother 's house . Her mother was on the floor unconscious . PERSON called an ambulance and they rushed to the hospital .	Champ got a phone call . It was a little boy . He said that he had been checking out Champ 's wife . It was a good joke . But the boy 's mom found out .	Someone called me during class . I decided to go to the bathroom to answer the call . The person on the other line told me that he knows what I 'm doing . While being terrified , I hung up . I also tried to report the incident to the police .	I called my mom the phone today . She did not answer . Then , she called me back . She told me she had lost her phone , but my call helped her find it . I 'm glad I called her !	I got a phone call today . The person who called was my mom . She wanted to talk . I could n't talk because I was busy . I told her to call me later .	My former coworker G called from work . I had retired in 2012 . G called just to check up on me . I appreciated the call . I think G is a good man .	One day in 1982 my cousin called me . She works for a state agency . She told me she heard her agency was hiring . I scoffed at her , as the agency was very political . I managed to get a job .
guitar	A shy young teen picked up a guitar . He quickly became proficient after diligent practicing . In high school , girls liked to hear him play . He gained a lot of confidence . The guitar had transformed him into a new person .	My brother owns a guitar . He plays it frequently . I asked him to teach me to play . He told me that he would . I learned to play a few songs .	PERSON was a guitar player . He had an antique guitar . He decided to pass it down to his son . His son was grateful . His son became a guitar player .	The man practiced guitar . He wanted to play rock and roll . His acoustic guitar was not loud enough . He traded it in for an electric guitar . His practice sessions were louder from then on .	PERSON played a PERSON S5 had had done so all his life . One day while strumming a power chord , the guitar cracked in half . It still played but now created the most unique sound . PERSON could n't afford a new one so he played it in his concerts . The crowd loved his unique sound and he became famous .	The man played his guitar . He found something he liked . He wrote it down . He built off of it . He wrote a pretty good song .	PERSON loved to play the guitar . He was dating a girl he liked very much . One night he played the guitar for her . She loved watching and listening to him playing the guitar . She fell in love with him after hearing him play the guitar .	Jeff learned guitar . He practiced for years . He formed a band at last . They got really popular . He made his own signature guitars .	PERSON worked at an office . He disliked his job . He knew how to play the guitar . He offered his lessons on craigslist . He gained many clients and quit his job .
the vase	PERSON 's mother had a beautiful vase . PERSON was tossing around a baseball one day . The ball hit the vase and it fell to the ground . The vase broke into many pieces . PERSON 's mother was very upset .	PERSON was looking for something new for her china cabinet . She bought a beautiful new vase for it . She put it in the cabinet and added some fake flowers . It was the perfect touch for that space ! PERSON could n't wait for people to see her new vase .	A vase set empty on PERSON 's table . It never had anything in it . PERSON got married to PERSON . When they came home from their honeymoon , PERSON put flowers in the vase . He said he would always keep it full of flowers for her .	PERSON and his sister , Candy , were in the backyard playing baseball . Their mother called them inside for dinner . PERSON pushed Candy into the house . Candy tripped and hit a table . A vase fell off the table and shattered on the floor .	I got a vase for Christmas last year . While moving this year , I tried my best to keep it safe . We finally settled in our new house . I pulled the vase out of the packing box . It had arrived safely !	PERSON bought a bouquet of flowers . She pulled out her biggest vase for them . She carefully filled it with water . As she carried it back to the counter , she dropped it . The vase shattered all over the floor .	PERSON and his brother decided to play baseball in the house . PERSON hit the baseball very hard . The baseball hit a Vase and shattered . PERSON and his brother then tried to glue the vase back together . Their parents noticed the glued up vase and grounded tom and his broth .	PERSON was playing ball in the house . Her mom had told her not to . She bounced the ball into a vase . The vase broke into pieces . PERSON 's mom grounded her .	PERSON accidentally broke his vase . PERSON began to sweep the broken pieces . He picked the broken pieces . Threw them in his trash . PERSON missed his vase .
dog	PERSON brought his puppy over to my house . She must have smelled a packrat . She yipped and growled at something under my cabin . I told PERSON she seemed like she was pretty energetic . An older fellow , he thought I was talking about his wife .	PERSON had a dog . He kept getting sick but could n't figure out why . One day his mom made him have his allergies tested . His test came back . He was allergic to dogs .	PERSON went to the park with his dog Spot . He picked up a stick off the ground . Spot looked up at his owner expectantly . After some teasing , PERSON threw the stick across the grass . Spot happily chased after it .	PERSON brought his dog to the beach . Unfortunately for PERSON , his dog was n't trained very well . His dog growled and barked at all the other dogs at the beach . PERSON was annoyed at his dog and decided to leave the beach . He also decided to never bring his dog back to the beach .	A young black lab would always follow PERSON whenever she went jogging . If PERSON tried to approach the dog , it would always run away . PERSON felt sorry for the dog and began putting out food for it . The dog started trusting PERSON and would stop running away . Finally PERSON legally adopted the Dog and now they 're friends for life .	PERSON the dog was wandering the streets of LOCATION . He was dirty and malnourished . An animal control officer found him and brought him to the shelter . He was neutered , micro-chipped , vaccinated and put up for adoption . A few days later he was adopted by suburban family .	There was a dog who loved when his owner took him to the beach . One sunny day he called Spray to the beach . They drove over , and the dog jumped out of the car . It ran straight into the water . The dog was very happy to have a trip to the beach .	Peter 's dog was always excited to play with his bone . He would chase it around the house and gnaw on it . Sometimes PERSON would hide the bone away . Then the dog would take its time hunting it down . But it always found the bone to play with .	I read a book that told me how to find out if my dog was smart . I hid a bone under the mat to see if he could find it . The book said a smart dog would be able to find the bone . My dog tore the mat up into shreds . I suppose that means my dog is smart .
ball	I adopted a dog . He did not like playing with balls . So , I covered a ball in peanut butter . Now , my dog was obsessed with the ball . Alas , he became sick from eating all of the peanut butter on the ball .	My friend PERSON took her kid to the beach one day . PERSON was 25 and her son was 3 . A dog came by and took her son 's ball and deflated it . I asked the dog 's owner for money to pay PERSON back . She agreed to pay PERSON $ 5 for the ball .	My son took his allowance money and bought a new baseball glove . When he got home he was excited . He asked the boy next door to come out and play . They met in the front yard . They realized they did n't have a baseball .	A little boy played with a ball alone . Someone brought a little girl into the room with him . She wanted to play with the ball and he was afraid to let her . However he allowed her to play with the ball as well . They continued to play until they went home , not alone anymore .	Ivy was sleeping on the beach . She 'd gotten a sunburn as she slept . Suddenly she was struck by a volleyball ! Nearby players had accidentally hit her . The sunburn made the hit hurt awfully !	PERSON and Art had a baseball and wanted to play . But neither boy had a bat ! Lacking funds , they cast about for a solution . Then Art suggested they use a sturdy branch instead . The branch worked just as well as a real bat !	We could n't find a toy the dog liked . We tried several stuffed animals . We also got a kong toy with peanut butter . She was n't interested in any of them . The only toy she chose was a small rubber ball .	My brother had a ball . He threw it to my son . My son could not catch it . It rolled right past my son . My son picked the ball up .	PERSON played catch with his son in their backyard . He threw the ball forcefully overhead . To his surprise , it went much farther than he expected . His son marveled at his father 's strength . PERSON felt proud before running to retrieve the ball .
LOCATION	PERSON was a kid who loved marine animals . PERSON 's favorite was the killer whale . One summer , PERSON 's parents decided to surprise him . They took him to LOCATION ! There , PERSON personally fed a killer whale a fish !	I went outside to read on the bench this afternoon . The office assistant was at the concierge desk . She asked me if I ever visited LOCATION , her home town . She told me about the some of the attractions there . I might explore going there someday .	PERSON had always wanted to see LOCATION . She finally saved enough money to have a vacation there . She did all the typical tourist things . PERSON took hundreds of pictures to document her trip . She had the time of her life and had never been happier .	PERSON was going on a class trip to LOCATION . She was nervous to be away from home ! But when she arrived , she forgot her apprehension . There was so much to see and do ! PERSON ended up having an amazing time !	PERSON was writing an article about LOCATION , LOCATION . He took a bus there to see it in person . It was full of huge factories ! Young people arrived every day looking for jobs . He found that LOCATION was a bustling metropolitan hub !	PERSON was visiting LOCATION . He could n't wait to see LOCATION ! He was very interested in Greek history . His first stop was the ancient Acropolis . He took a guided tour and learned so much about the ruins !	PERSON went on a mission trip with her church . They were going to LOCATION to help build an orphanage . PERSON helped erect the walls and carry the timber . It was exhausting , but rewarding . Afterwards , she was very proud of what she 'd done .	We went to LOCATION to see the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . We walked around the unique shaped building . Each level of it had unique artifacts and exhibits . We loved watching some of the videos and reliving history . It is something we will absolutely want to go back to !	PERSON was traveling in LOCATION . It was very hot and dry . He decided he needed a little break . So he boarded a train to the beach town of LOCATION . There , he relaxed and sunbathed for a whole week !
PERSON gets married	PERSON has been dating his girl for 3 years . He decided it was time they get married . He asks his girl to get married . She says yes . They get married .	PERSON felt heartbroken when her boyfriend left her . She was glad to get away to LOCATION for a semester abroad . In LOCATION , she met a friendly guy named PERSON . PERSON proposed marriage to PERSON after they started dating . Now PERSON felt happy that her old boyfriend left her .	PERSON is a woman in her 30s . She has never been married . She does n't believe in love . Until one day a man sweeps her off her feet and she falls in love . They soon get married and live happily ever after .	PERSON was afraid that at his old age he would never find love . One day a friend told him to try a singles event . PERSON met a beautiful woman there . After dating for a year , the decided to get married . PERSON was happy that he had found love .	PERSON felt his romantic life was dull , so he wanted to meet someone . PERSON 's friend arranged a blind date for him with a girl named PERSON . PERSON and PERSON found they had many things in common . They began to frequently go on dates and fell in love over time . Eventually PERSON and PERSON got married , and lived happy lives .	PERSON wanted to get married but had never had a girlfriend . His parents wanted to set him up on a date . He was reluctant but he agreed . PERSON fell in love with the first girl his parents picked for him ! PERSON married her and was happy he listened to his parents .	PERSON is unhappy . He sets out to look for a wife . He finds a woman in the bar . He falls in love with her . He marries her and lives happily ever after .	PERSON is a young girl . She falls in love with an older man . The older man ask to marry her . PERSON says yes . They have a great big wedding .	PERSON and PERSON have been dating for a few Year 's . PERSON has said that he feels too young to get married . However , PERSON 's mother pressures him to marry PERSON . Finally he buys a ring and asks for her hand in marriage . PERSON feels nervous to be getting married .
smell	The man smelled something . He thought it was unusual . He called his wife into the room . His wife could not smell it . It was a common symptom of the man stroke .	PERSON hurt his nose in an accident . As a result , he could n't smell very well . His roommate complained about a smell in the room . He looked around , trying to find the source . He was unsuccessful because of his injury .	PERSON got home from school . His house smelled horrible . He could n't figure out what it was . He finally checked the fridge . It was rotten eggs .	PERSON 's house smelled terribly . She took out the trash , but the smell persisted . She hauled the rubbish bin outside and scrubbed it . Then she rinsed it out with strong bleach . When PERSON brought it in , the smell was finally gone !	PERSON loved his girlfriend . One day she commented how he smelled bad . A week later she said the same thing . PERSON decided to take two showers per day . His girlfriend never complained about his smell again .	PERSON 's house had bad plumbing . And it smelled inside his house . But after he got it fixed , the smell was still there . Later , he found leftover soup on his stove . And the smell went away after he cleaned it up .	PERSON played basketball for his school . He always wore the same socks for every game . He never washed those socks . One day his mom complained of a terrible smell . It was PERSON ' lucky socks .	PERSON loved his girlfriend very much . One day , his girlfriend told him he usually smells bad . PERSON never wore deodorant . PERSON decided to begin wearing deodorant . PERSON pleased his girlfriend by wearing deodorant regularly .	John noticed a bad smell . He looked everywhere , but he could not find the source . Then he noticed a brown smear on his shoe . He had stepped in a dog pile ! That was the source of the yucky smell .
robbed	I walked from my job to my house . A group of people started to run after me . Eventually one of the people in the group came close and punched me . I was knocked unconscious . I woke up several hours later and my wallet was missing .	A bank was just about to close . The doors were about to close . Some people in hoods came in . They demanded money . The teller gave it to them .	PERSON was out to dinner with her friends . All her friends ended up leaving early and PERSON had to walk home . She had to walk through a bad part of town . She was robbed at gunpoint . PERSON had emotional problems and depression after the attack .	PERSON was walking home late one night . The area was dark and remote . Some thugs came running toward PERSON . He tried to run , but was n't fast enough . The thugs robbed and beat PERSON , leaving him on the street .	PERSON lived in a small apartment in a suburban area . She felt generally safe and had no issues at this apartment complex . One day when she came home from work , she noticed one window open . She called the police who came and said her apartment was broken into . She lost about $ 1000 worth of jewelry and electronics .	PERSON got robbed . He went to a friends house . He called 911 on his friends phone . The cops found the guy . PERSON got his money back .	Frank was walking home from work at night . A man approached him and told him to give him his wallet . Frank was scared but obeyed . The strange man then walked away from Frank . PERSON was upset but thankful that he is still alive .	I was standing at the street corner when someone ran past me . He grabbed my purse and ran away with it . Anxiously , I called for help . Since nobody was around to help me , I ran after him . I was too out of shape to catch him .	PERSON robbed a bank . He ran away with the cash . But his face was caught on camera . They showed his picture on the news . Soon PERSON got caught .
snorkeling	PERSON was snorkeling on vacation . She was enjoying herself greatly . Then her snorkel dipped into the water , causing her to choke . PERSON coughed and spluttered , frightened . She decided snorkeling was n't so much fun anymore .	I was excited to go snorkeling for the first time . My friend told me to go to crab island and snorkel . I made a reservation with a tour guide to take me there . I had an amazing time . Someone on the tour caught a seahorse .	The kids loved to be in the ocean . Snorkeling was their favorite thing . They watched some fish underwater for a while . It was amazing to see them dart in and out of the coral . The kids were most pleased when a big turtle swam by !	PERSON wanted to go snorkeling . She asked her friends if they wanted to join her . No one wanted to spend the day at the beach , so she went alone . She put on her equipment and went into the water . But five minutes later , a big storm started and she had to go home .	I always wanted to snorkel in the ocean . We went to the LOCATION LOCATION . I rented the equipment . I got to see all kind of bright , colorful fish . I ca n't wait to snorkel again !	PERSON put on his fins , mask and snorkel . He hopped off the boat into the crystal clear water . The first thing he noticed were brightly colored fish . It was beautiful under the water . When he thought he 'd seen everything a big turtle floated past .	PERSON put a pair of flippers on his feet . He put a snorkeling mask on his eyes and nose . PERSON swam underwater . He saw a colorful parrotfish . PERSON reached out to touch the fish .	PERSON was on vacation in the Keys . She had been having a great time . She saw a place to go snorkeling . PERSON jumped in the water . She had a wonderful time looking at all the beautiful fish .	The trip had been a great success so far . There were only a few more days left before they had to return . PERSON wanted to try something new . She saw a poster for snorkeling and decided to go for it . She could n't believe all the beautiful fish that were in the water .
sweater	May wanted to give her husband a nice gift . She decided to learn how to knit . May watched instructional videos and began making a sweater . By winter , she had finished making the sweater for her husband . She gave it to him on Christmas day !	PERSON was from a country on the equator . She had never felt a temperature of less than 70 degrees . She had her first trip outside of the country . She went to LOCATION . You can bet the first thing she did there was buy a sweater .	PERSON was cold sitting in her apartment . Her heater was malfunctioning , so heat was n't an option . She decided that she should wear a sweater instead . She looked in her closet , only to find she did n't own one . She left that evening to go buy one at the mall .	PERSON decided not to go to school and went to the mall instead . At the mall she did some Christmas shopping . She found her mother a beautiful sweater . On Christmas day she gave her mother the sweater . PERSON 's mom loved the sweater .	PERSON knit a sweater for her grandson . He tried it on . The neck hole was too large . He said he actually liked it that way . She just laughed and said she would make it better .	PERSON was knitting a sweater . He did n't know how to knit though . He made a big mess of wool thread . He gave it to his grandmother as a present . The grandmother sat him down and taught him how to knit .	I wanted a sweater I saw at the mall . It was a little too expensive . I went home to think it over . I saw a coupon in the paper for the sweater . I went back and bought the sweater !	PERSON wanted to host a party for Christmas . PERSON decided on an ugly sweater party . He invited all of his friends . Everyone attended and had fun . PERSON regarded the party as a huge success .	PERSON was going for a bike ride . But she forgot her sweater ! She was very chilly as she rode . She had to cut her ride short . PERSON regretted her forgetfulness .
stars	I went camping with my friend one night . I noticed how clear the sky was compared to the city . My friends pointed out a lot of constellations . I could n't see a lot of these in the city . I had a good time with my friends that night .	PERSON loved stargazing . For her birthday her dad got her a great gift . He told her it was a stellar present . She smiled as she opened the envelope . She saw that her dad had named a star for her !	Last night we looked at the stars . My friend thought they were nice . I leaned over to her and said I like you . She said I like you too . Now we 're married .	PERSON got a telescope for his birthday . He thought it was sort of interesting . But then he went out with it one night to see the stars . It was incredibly beautiful - PERSON was fascinated ! After that , his telescope became his favorite possession !	PERSON loved gazing at the stars with her grandpa . It was a wonderful bonding time for the two of them . When she was ten , her grandfather became very ill . After a few months of illness , her grandfather passed away . PERSON missed him terribly , but always felt better while star gazing .	PERSON was watching the sky at night . He wanted to see how many constellations he could find . One night it was especially starry . PERSON laid out with his map and binoculars . That night , he found eleven constellations !	PERSON heard that there would be a meteor shower . She was excited to watch it ! She got out her blanket and Thermos and laid outside . As the night deepened , stars started flying . PERSON was awed by the strange celestial beauty !	PERSON never went out at night . He thought there was nothing to see . When the sun went down , he went to sleep . One night he went outside . The beautiful stars made him fall in love with the night forever .	PERSON buckled her chair . She waited for the countdown to finish . Then she rocketed into the sky . As the stars came into view she stood in awe . She had finally become an astronaut .
poker	I was playing poker . Everyone but my friend and I had folded . I had a royal flush . I decided to go all in . My friend decided to go all in and he lost .	PERSON was playing poker with his friends . Then he encountered a problematic situation . He had to go all in or quit ! PERSON went all in , with misgivings . Unfortunately - he lost !	My son went to his friend 's poker tournament last week . Everyone put in $ 50 . The winner of the $ 300 . He was losing early on , but won $ 300 in the last game . He was very happy with his winnings .	PERSON was playing in his first poker tournament tomorrow . PERSON was ready , he played all year long . He did n't think he was as good as everyone else there . Halfway through the tournament , he was in first place ! Now PERSON got cocky , and ended up losing all his money .	PERSON enjoyed playing online poker . He was sad that it was illegal in the LOCATION LOCATION . He decided to play online poker regardless . He was arrested by the police . He was sentenced to prison for six months .	PERSON went to a poker game . He wagered money on each hand . He won a few hands . But then he started to play badly . After the game he 'd lost a hundred dollars !	A burglar broke into PERSON 's house one night . She heard him enter as she sat in the living room . She grabbed the fireplace poker . When he came in , she hit him hard with it ! Then she quickly called the police for help .	PERSON learned how to play poker from his grandfather . He plays it at least once a week . He gathered some friends for a friendly game this past weekend . He lost a few games but won more than he lost . Tim ended up being the best player in his group .	PERSON 's friend introduced PERSON to poker . PERSON realized he was very good at playing poker . PERSON decided to go to LOCATION LOCATION to test his skill . PERSON won millions of dollars at LOCATION LOCATION . Eventually , PERSON became the best poker player in the LOCATION LOCATION .
escape	PERSON PERSON was a prison guard . One day he was asked to watch over a high security offender . He spent most of the day monitoring him closely . Until the prisoner escaped as he was eating lunch . The prisoner was hungry too , so he got a burger and was recaptured .	PERSON 's pet snake escaped one day . When he got home from school , he noticed it missing . He looked all over ! Finally he found it behind his bed . Relieved , PERSON put the snake back in its tank .	One day my dogs were running around in the backyard . We have a small hole in the fence , and they got out ! We searched around the neighborhood and finally found them ! Turns out they did n't make it further than my neighbors house . He said they were very cute and behaved in his home .	PERSON hated her family . Her stepfather was very cruel to her . One day , he beat her and her little sister terribly . PERSON was determined to escape and made a plan . On the day of her escape , her stepfather died in a car accident .	On January 10 , 2011 I saw a mouse run under our oven . I put a sticky trap under the oven . That night I heard a squeal . I went to kill the mouse , but it had escaped . I bought new traps but I never got the mouse .	PERSON wanted to escape from prison . He bided his time and came up with a plan . One dark night , he set the plan into action . Sadly , it did n't work . PERSON 's escape attempt was stopped and punished .	PERSON was an interpreter in LOCATION . He was on a convoy in the desert , when they hit a mine . PERSON was taken captive by ISIS . He pretended to convert to Islam . He dressed up in a burqa and was able to escape as a woman .	PERSON was filling up at a gas station . Suddenly , a car pulled up very close . The window rolled down , revealing a woman with a black eye . She asked PERSON for help to skip town and escape her boyfriend . PERSON gave her a hundred dollar bill , wishing her well .	The thief told the cashier to give him all the money in the machine . As soon as he received it , the cops broke into the bank . He ran towards the back door since no one was there . Instead of chasing him , the cops tried to drive there . The thief eventually lost them .
contacts	PERSON decided to get contact lenses for driving . However , everyone treated her differently without glasses . This made her feel strange . Keep the contacts , or go back to glasses and be true to oneself ? PERSON tossed the contacts , and got her old self back .	Art was sick of wearing glasses . He wanted to get contacts , but he was worried . He thought they would be very difficult to put in . His doctor gave him a sample pair to practice with . To his joy , Art found that they were actually pretty easy to insert !	The man put in green contacts . He went to a dinner party . Everybody noticed his eyes looked different . He liked the attention . He started wearing different colored contacts every day .	PERSON wears contacts . As she was taking them out , she tore one . She had to throw it away . She called her doctor 's office . They gave her a new pair .	PERSON went to get a new glasses prescription . The eye doctor took his eye exam . He said that strangely , PERSON no longer needed glasses . PERSON took off his glasses and everything became crystal clear . PERSON then remembered he was wearing contacts .	PERSON was concerned about her appearance . She did not like her brown eyes . She visited an eye doctor . She asked for colored contacts . She received the colored contacts and really enjoyed wearing them .	PERSON wanted to wear contacts instead of glasses . He asked his mom if he could try wearing them . She agreed to get him a trial pair . At first it was hard to insert them , but PERSON persevered . Soon he could insert them and wear them comfortably all day !	Ivy 's pregnancy was going well . But she noticed something strange . Her contacts were no longer fitting her eyes ! Her optometrist said pregnancy had steepened her corneal curve . Ivy had to order new contact lenses !	PERSON put on blue contacts . She looked at herself in the mirror . She thought she looked weird . She replaced the contacts . She thought she looked better in brown .
nurse	PERSON wanted to be a nurse . After high school , she enrolled in a nursing program . She studied very hard . Soon she graduated from nursing school ! PERSON was so proud of herself .	PERSON went to nursing school . His instructor showed him how to give a shot . PERSON did not like giving the shot . Penny quit nursing school . He searched for a field of study with no needles .	Raven was a nurse . She lost her job for some undisclosed reason . She has been trying to make money again . She ca n't find a job . She decides to use mturks .	Little Marina was turning 6 and had a birthday wish . She wished to be a nurse for her birthday ! Her mom worked at a nursing home and had an idea . She brought LOCATION in to read to the seniors on her birthday . Little Marina was a nurse for her birthday after all !	PERSON was interested in a career in medicine . She studied hard in college in all of her courses . She graduated with a degree in nursing . PERSON searched for the perfect hospital to work at . Now , PERSON has her dream job as a nurse .	At the age of 40 PERSON decided to go to school again . She wanted to train to become a nurse . She was a little out of her element at first but loved it . She did really well and got great grades . After graduation she was hired and she was thrilled to start !	PERSON has to help with a surgery . This is her first time . She listens to what the surgeon says . Everything turned out well PERSON was very relieved .	PERSON wants to become a nurse . The only thing holding her back is that she hates blood . She decided to train herself to tolerate blood . She made herself watch lots of medical videos containing blood . Now PERSON does n't mind blood and is in nursing school !	PERSON wanted to be a nurse . She applied for night school . She was accepted , and she began attending night classes . She persevered for a whole year . Then PERSON was given her LPN degree !
gun	PERSON was working at a convenience store . A man came in and pointed a gun at him . He demanded all the money from the register . PERSON grabbed the gun from the robber . He pistol-whipped the robber and called the cops !	My son-in-law 's aunt S moved in with his mother . S was having trouble paying her rent and was evicted . She is a NYC school cop . My daughter just found out S has a gun . She expressed concerns to her husband .	PERSON really enjoyed toy guns . One day his dad got him a real gun . He then practiced shooting every day . Now he is a sniper in the military . PERSON is the best sniper around !	The cop pulled over the man . The man pulled out a gun . The cop took cover . The man shot at the cop . The cop was able to wait until he ran out of bullets .	PERSON was angry that he had caught his girlfriend cheating . He went to the gun store to buy a gun . He planned to shoot and kill his cheating wife . But the store owner said he had to wait three days to get his gun . PERSON calmed down by then and decided not to kill his wife after all .	My dad was a police officer . He had a gun hidden in the house . One time , I found the gun and started playing with it . My dad found out and grounded me . I realized that I should n't play with guns .	PERSON wanted a hunting rifle . He went to the gun store . There , he selected a rifle and took it to the counter . But PERSON had forgotten his ID ! The cashier would n't sell Tim the gun with no ID .	PERSON was planning a road trip with her friends . Her father did n't want her to be without protection . He insisted on giving her a gun and training her in its use . PERSON was nervous handling it , but eventually became proficient . She hoped to avoid using it , but was glad it was there just in case .	The man shot the gun . He missed the target . He reloaded the gun . He took more time aiming . He hit the target that time .
jump	Eddie 's car would not start one morning . He had no idea what to do . Luckily , his neighbor came out to help him . She jump started Eddie 's car for him . Eddie happily thanked her for her help !	Kia was leaving for work one morning . She got into her car and turned the ignition . But her car would not start ! Kia realized she 'd left her lights on the previous night . She had to call for a jump start from the auto company .	I opened the large door with my shoulder . Behind the door was a teacher and students . I said sorry for interrupting . I closed the door quietly . I kept looking for my class .	PERSON wanted to skydive , but he was afraid of heights ! He decided to build up to his big jump gradually . He began jumping from steps , then windows . He soon lost his fear of being up high . He was then able to skydive with glee !	PERSON dared her sister PERSON to jump from PERSON PERSON . It was a local swimming hole but the cliff was 21 feet high ! Only the boldest dared to jump from the very top . But PERSON did n't want PERSON to think she was a coward . She ascended and then , with a deep breath - she jumped !	PERSON and PERSON were having a competition to see who could jump higher . They did n't know who should judge it . After awhile they found someone that should judge them . When they finally started to test it PERSON was nervous . Eventually it was decided that PERSON could jump higher .	PERSON was wandering in the store with her parents . She liked to play in the clothes . She would hide and jump out and scare her parents . Until one time she jumped out and could n't find them . PERSON was scared until her parents jumped out and scared her !	The boy jumped in the air . The dad jumped higher . The boy tried to jump as high as his dad . He could not even come close . The boy thought his dad was an amazing jumper .	The boy went off a jump . He came down hard . His wheel got bent . He took it to a shop . They said the wheel was ruined .
radio	PERSON 's favorite radio station does a contest every week . He has never won a contest before . But PERSON decided to enter anyway . PERSON called in when the host began the daily contest . PERSON did n't win and decided to try again next week .	PERSON was driving through his city . PERSON was listening to the radio . The radio announced a prize for the 10th caller . PERSON called repeatedly and finally got through . PERSON was pleasantly surprised to learn he won the prize .	PERSON was in her room listening to music . A song played she heard a boy listening to . She ran to the radio and pushed record on her tape deck . She was recording over another song . This was more important , so she did n't care .	The man turned on a radio . He disagreed with what he heard . He called the radio station . The radio station hung up the phone . The man found another radio station to play .	PERSON was bored . He decided to build a foxhole radio . It worked like a charm . Now PERSON could listen to the radio ! Unfortunately , he could n't change the frequency .	PERSON had a long drive ahead of him . He turned on his radio station and listened to the radio host . The radio host told funny stories and interesting anecdotes . PERSON smiled and kept driving . The commute was much easier with the radio keeping him company .	PERSON 's radio needed to be fixed . So he looked up on how to fix the radio . PERSON started to fix the radio . The radio was fixed . PERSON listened to radio well he slept .	PERSON 's radio broke one day . She had very little money to replace it . She went to the secondhand store . There , she found a similar radio to the one that 'd broke . She bought it for a great price and took it home happily !	A man was a radio host . A fan recognized his voice . The fan wanted an autograph . The radio host was happy to oblige . The fan left the encounter feeling happy .
swimming lessons	Carol wanted very much to learn how to swim . She signed up for swimming lessons and practiced often . At first , she sputtered and struggled to stay afloat . But she learned quickly , and soon challenged her pal to a race . She was so skilled , she won the contest without even trying !	PERSON went to her first swimming lesson . She was very scared because she had never swam before . The teacher helped her into the water . The water was so cool and refreshing . PERSON had so much fun and could n't wait until her next lesson !	PERSON never learned to swim . His parents could n't afford lessons when he was a kid . He decided to take lessons as an adult . He learned rather quickly . Soon enough PERSON was out swimming everywhere he could .	The water was cold . I did not feel like swimming . My dad told me I needed to learn . He threw me in the pool . I decided swimming was fun after all .	PERSON loved the beach . She was just afraid of the water . She decided to take swimming lessons . They were all at a pool but they helped . PERSON had more confidence to go into the ocean .	PERSON wanted a pool . But he did n't know how to swim . So he decided to practice swimming at his friend 's house . But he swam there so often that he did n't need his own pool . PERSON was glad that he learned how to swim though .	Today is PERSON 's first swimming lesson . He arrived at the pool with his parents at 2 . He got in the pool as they watched from the bleachers . The teacher had him swim laps first . After that , he taught him to dive .	PERSON wanted his young son to learn how to swim . But the swimming lessons were n't working . The little boy was just too fearful . PERSON decided to take off work and teach the boy himself . With his dad there , the boy felt safe and was soon swimming .	PERSON was terrified of swimming . His parents desperately wanted him to learn to swim . PERSON 's parents signed him up for swimming lessons at the local pool . At first , PERSON was too scared to get into the pool . After a month , PERSON was swimming on his own and started to enjoy it !
sickness	PERSON felt sick at lunchtime . PERSON still ate his lunch , which was a burrito . The burrito made PERSON feel more sick . PERSON went to the hospital to investigate his sickness . The doctors told PERSON he was going to be okay .	PERSON had felt bad for a few days . Her symptoms worsened . Her friend convinced her to see a doctor . Luckily it was a simple fix after a couple days of antibiotics . PERSON wished she had gone sooner since it was an easy fix .	PERSON began to puke as she had been feeling ill . Her mom held her until the heaves subsided . PERSON was sweating so her mom wiped her brow . PERSON sat up and smiled at her mom . She thanked her mom and lay back down .	I was unable to sleep that morning . I had to get out of bed numerous times through the night . Each time I awoke , I had to rush to the bathroom . I was very sick and getting sicker . I finally decided to go see a doctor .	When PERSON went to work she was n't feeling good . She did n't have any other options but to go to work so she went . When she got there she told her boss that she was n't feeling well . Her boss told her that if she still felt sick later that she could go . In a few hours PERSON ended up going home .	PERSON had never been sick at her stomach . This time she was sick enough to throw up . She vomited all over our bed . The smell was horrendous . Now we pay extra attention to her when she says her stomach hurts .	Playing in the rain was one of PERSON 's favorite things to do . Her mother always urged her not to , but PERSON never listened . One day PERSON developed a cough and fever after playing in the rain . Her mother insisted she had been right all along . But no matter how sick she got , PERSON though it was worth it .	PERSON was still feeling weak after having the flu . His big soccer game was a week away . His coach still would not let him practice . The coach allowed him to do small exercises . PERSON still did not feel well enough to play the next week either .	PERSON had a huge football game in one week . Suddenly he did not feel well in his stomach . He rushed to the hospital to get it checked . The doctor stated that it was a 24 hour bug . PERSON was able to play during the football match .
tacos	PERSON loves Mexican food and his favorite is a taco . He has become a master at making tacos in his house . I 've been over to his house and he as made them for me . They are some of the best tacos I 've ever had in my life . I told PERSON he should run a taco stand and make money .	PERSON smelled something coming from the kitchen . PERSON investigated the smell . PERSON found his mother cooking tacos . PERSON was hungry and very happy that tacos were being cooked . PERSON ate all the tacos his mother cooked for him .	PERSON decided to make dinner . She cooked tacos for Taco Tuesday . She invited PERSON . He brought beer . They ate and watched tv .	Everyone at work loves Taco Tuesday . They can not get enough tacos . Their love of tacos makes them more productive . This makes for a great atmosphere at work . Productivity has gone up .	PERSON was turning 16 years old and wanted a party . He talked to his parents about his party . They decided they would rent out a Mexican restaurant . PERSON ate a lot of tacos . He ate so much that he got sick .	PERSON was hungry for some tacos . She tried to cook some , but they burned . She asked her mother to buy her some . Her mother was too busy . PERSON went and found a taco stand and was happy .	What was cooking tacos . As she was cooking the meat , she put the shells in the oven . While the meat was cooking , she also shredded cheese . Since she was so busy , she forgot about the shells . PERSON burned the taco shells .	PERSON was making Mexican food for dinner . She grilled up chicken for tacos . Then she served her family her ethnic meal . They could n't believe how good it was . They all begged PERSON to cook Mexican every night !	PERSON loves tacos . He eats at Mexican restaurants all the time . He wanted genuine tacos so he decided to go to LOCATION . He found the best tacos in all of LOCATION . The drug cartel killed him for no reason .
bad weather	PERSON had planned to go for a run . The weather said it was going to be sunny . She got home and changed into her workout clothes . As she got onto the running trails , the bottom fell out . PERSON now plans for the unexpected .	June was going to the beach with friends . The weather said it would be clear and sunny . She did not think twice about rain . When she got to the beach it began to rain . June and her friends had to spend the weekend in the hotel .	PERSON learned that a blizzard was coming while watching the news . She was unprepared . To get ahead of things she promptly left to get supplies . She was able to make it back before the weather got too bad . PERSON was able to wait out the storm comfortably in her home .	PERSON was supposed to go kayaking . She checked the weather and saw it was sunny . She packed all her warm weather clothes and left her umbrella behind . When PERSON got to the river , the bottom fell out and it poured . PERSON was soaked and vowed to always stayed prepared .	PERSON knew bad weather was coming . She ignored the warnings and went out anyway . As she was on the road , her car got pelted by hail . Her windshield was busted . She could no longer drive with her ruined windshield .	PERSON was on a cruise with his family . He was watching the sunset with his wife . All of a sudden it started to rain . The captain ordered them to head inside . It rained throughout the entire night .	The PERSON family was going to visit relatives . The weather was supposed to be clear . Unfortunately a big storm moved in . The PERSON family did not feel it was safe to drive . They postponed their visit .	The weatherman said rain was coming in . However , he did not predict snow . The city got five inches of snow . No one was prepared . It took four hours to get home .	It started to snow outside . Then there was extreme hail . PERSON got mad . She needed there to be good weather . She was supposed to go out .
the park	The couple went to the park . They walked around the park . There were a lot of trails in the park . They walked all of the trails . They left the park all sweaty .	PERSON loved being outside . His babysitter had taken him to a new park . He was swinging and sliding all day . When it was time to go , PERSON threw a fit . He wanted to stay outside all day !	PERSON 's class went to the park on a field trip . The kids fed the ducks in the lake . PERSON being mean threw a rock at a goose . The goose reared up and ran towards her . PERSON screamed as the goose chased PERSON around the park for 5 minutes .	PERSON took his kids to the park . They spent an hour on the swings and going down the slide . Soon , they were exhausted ! They went home and took a nap . When they woke up , they asked to go back .	PERSON sat in the park alone . He had a bag of seeds that he was feeding to the pigeons . He felt sad that he was so alone . Then a raven landed nearby , also wanting some seeds . PERSON did not feel alone anymore , seeing the raven stand out .	The family lives down the road from a park . The kids ask PERSON to take them there . PERSON takes the kids to park to play . They all have a fun time . They ca n't wait to go again .	PERSON likes taking her two children to the park . They all go to the park in the afternoon . It 's getting late so PERSON is ready to leave . She ca n't find her youngest boy anywhere , she 's panicking . She finds him talking with a nice old man who bought him ice cream .	I decided to ride my bike to the park . When I got there it began to rain . I began to wonder if I would have fun at the park at all . I ran under a large tent . I spent the rest of the day relaxing and watching raindrops .	PERSON decided to do his homework at the park . It was a nice day and he needed the fresh air . Once at the park there were kids yelling and sun glare . A bird almost pooped on his homework . He decided nature was too much and went back in .
spaghetti sauce	PERSON had a recipe for spaghetti sauce . He had never tried it before . He bought all the ingredients . He followed it step by step . When he tasted it , it was the best ever .	PERSON wanted to impress her boyfriend with an authentic Italian dinner She made spaghetti sauce from scratch . She sauteed vegetables and pureed her own tomatoes . They sat down to eat and PERSON tasted the sauce . It was not good but he ate it anyway .	PERSON made spaghetti for her family . She decided to make her own sauce . Her family ate everything and said it was good . PERSON took a bit finally and decided it was awful . She was happy her family was so nice about the bad dish .	PERSON made spaghetti for her boyfriend . It took a lot of work , but she was very proud . Her boyfriend ate the whole plate and said it was good . PERSON tried it herself , and realized it was disgusting . She was touched that he pretended it was good to spare her feelings .	PERSON was making sauce for her mom 's spaghetti . She was determined to make it from scratch . She bought fresh ingredients and was excited about cooking . While it was simmering , Sue noticed it smelled great . Sue tasted the sauce and was so happy she made a good sauce .	PERSON was cooking spaghetti for dinner . She went pick up the groceries from the store . The tomatoes appeared to be rotten . PERSON picked up a jar of spaghetti sauce . She used pre made sauce instead of homemade .	PERSON was cooking spaghetti . She was making the sauce from scratch . As she was mixing the ingredients , she got distracted . PERSON served the food to her family . When she took a bite , it was awful .	PERSON made spaghetti sauce for her family . It took a lot of work and she was proud of herself . When she tasted it , it was missing something . PERSON realized she forgot the fresh garlic . She added it and it was perfect .	PERSON was making spaghetti sauce . As she was making her sauce , she reached for the garlic powder . However , the top fell off . Her entire sauce was full of garlic . Luckily , her family loved garlic .
new book	PERSON really wanted to buy the tenth book of a series she loved . She went to the bookstore as soon as the book was available . She devoured it in one night . But when she was done , she was disappointed with the plot . She ended up selling the whole series to a used bookstore .	PERSON loved to read . She read every day . One day PERSON decided she wanted to buy a new book . So she went to the store to get one . Thankfully it was on sale .	PERSON wanted to get another book from the library . But she realized she should finish the book she already had . She sat down to read the book she 'd started . Two pages later she remembered why she had n't finished the book . PERSON disliked the plot and decided to returned the book half read .	PERSON lost his chemistry book . He searched everywhere for it . He told his teacher and got in trouble . PERSON had to buy a new book for his school . PERSON learned his lesson about keeping up with his belongings .	PERSON was finishing up the last of her new book . She was excited because this was her first book launch . She gathered her friends together for a large party . She was sure it would be a hit . When it released it ended up being a best seller .	PERSON was in the library at school . She found a book called The Mouse and the Motorcycle . The title was so odd she had to read it . Later she settled in intending to read for an hour . The book was so good she read 4 hours without realizing it .	PERSON had a birthday coming up . Her boyfriend did n't know what to buy her . He asked a friend who recommended a book . PERSON 's boyfriend got it for her . PERSON was happy with her gift .	PERSON read that his favorite author wrote a new book . The book was going to be on sale in two days . PERSON set up camp outside the store to be first in line . He waited until the big day . Once the doors opened he ran to the shelves and got a book .	I love to read . I read before I go to bed every night . I read so much I have read all the good books in our house ! My Mom gave me a new book this morning . I am off to read it !
hungry	PERSON went to the kitchen to see what was for dinner She had played hard at volleyball practice and was hungry . Her mother informed her dinner would n't be ready for an hour . Her mother suggested she eat a snack . She declined , she did n't want a snack to ruin her appetite .	PERSON was attended a political event in her hometown . It was projected to be a long day , but PERSON did not pack snacks . PERSON got so hungry she decided to buy lunch out . The meals ended up being very expensive . The next day of the event , PERSON made sure to pack snacks .	PERSON was hungry . He could n't find anything to eat in the kitchen . PERSON drove into town to eat . He got a burger at a fast food restaurant . PERSON felt full .	PERSON was making minimum wage in an expensive area . He was hungry for lunch , but could n't afford it . PERSON decided to apply for food stamps . PERSON was accepted into the program . PERSON was then able to eat a bit of food when he was hungry .	PERSON was very hungry . PERSON started cooking supper . The kitchen was filled with the tantalizing smell of cheeseburgers . It was finally time to eat . PERSON was relieved that her stomach was no longer making noises .	Clove was sick of coming home after school and finding no food . Her mom said the house was full of food - but Clove disliked it . Then her mom showed her a documentary about world hunger . Clove realized how lucky she was to have so much food . She resolved to stop complaining and being so picky !	I lost my job . I had difficulty buying healthy food because of a lack of money . I contacted a local service agency for help . They agency referred me to a food bank . I registered at the bank and received nutrition food .	The man was hungry . He looked for a restaurant . He could not find one that sounded good . He bought two frozen dinners instead . He ate them both .	Sue 's stomach growled . She had n't eaten breakfast or lunch today . On her way home from work , she stopped by a burger joint . She ordered three hamburgers and a side of fries . When the food arrived , she ate ravenously .
PERSON 's song	PERSON wanted to sing songs for a living . She had a beautiful voice but could n't sing . She practiced in front of the mirror for hours . She was finally able to sing a clear note . She can now sing beautifully but still needs more practice .	PERSON was at a bar with friends . It was karaoke night . He wanted to do karaoke but was too scared . His friend 's pushed him to the front and made him sing . PERSON sang karaoke and loved it .	PERSON 's teacher asked her to sing at the play . PERSON was delighted . She practiced every day . When it was time for her to sing she forgot the words . PERSON ran off the stage crying .	PERSON worked at a newspaper , but he like to perform stand up comedy . PERSON was good at comedy , and someone took notice . He was offered a job hosting a comedy show for a local TV station . The writing for the show was bad , and it eventually got cancelled . PERSON regretted quitting his day job at the newspaper .	Playing on his guitar , PERSON was trying to sing along . His vocals were n't the best , but he kept practicing . Singing random lyrics , he eventually got a bit better . Recording it , he decided to mail it to the radio stations . A few days later , PERSON 's song was playing on a local station .	PERSON loves making music . Whenever PERSON has free time , he writes new songs . One day , he finds a flier for a talent show in his town . He decides to participate in the talent show with an original song . PERSON wins after his stellar performance and gets a standing ovation .	PERSON loved to sing . PERSON 's dad was injured and hospitalized . She needed to pay the bills but had no money . She started to sing for money . After months of singing , she paid the bills and is singing full time !	PERSON had a song stuck in her head . She could not figure out what the song was . She listened to all of her many CDs trying to find the song . One day she turned on the radio . She finally heard the song in a radio advertisement .	PERSON wanted to write a song of her own . As she began , she had a lot of trouble . PERSON wrote a letter to a talented musician for help . The musician responded and gave some tips . PERSON confidently tried again .
dogs	PERSON and I were on our way out when we decided to go pet shopping . We went to the humane society first . We found some very cute puppies that we both wanted . Unfortunately they were both already adopted so we did n't get any . The next day we went back and got the cutest puppy ever !	PERSON got a new dog for his birthday . The dog was big and gray . PERSON would take the dog to the park everyday . PERSON would n't use a leash . PERSON lost the dog in two weeks .	PERSON wanted a dog . She went to the shelter and met with every dog that was there . Each dog was so cute and sweet , she could n't decide . Finally , she settled on a dog with only three legs . PERSON loves her dog very much .	PERSON has a dog named LOCATION . She is n't a smart or obedient dog . One day , PERSON took LOCATION to a class to train her . At the end of the class , LOCATION was able to sit when commanded . PERSON 's dog , LOCATION , still is n't very smart .	A man was walking down a street . It was nighttime . Two dogs approached him aggressively . The dogs lunged near the man . The man responded by running away .	I am very allergic to dogs . The other day I went to the park with my friends . There were dogs everywhere . I could n't get away from them . I had a really runny nose the rest of the day .	We had three dogs growing up . Each had a different personality . One was good . The others were too frisky . I miss those dogs .	PERSON loved dogs . She wanted to take care of them . She started her own shelter . It was tons of work . She loved saving dogs .	Two dogs got lost in the city . They traveled really far to find their owners . They went through other cities . They even swam across rivers . They made it back one day .
the camping trip	PERSON had always wanted to go camping . One weekend , he was able to go with a big group of friends . He worked hard setting up his tent . That night it rained so hard his tent collapsed . PERSON never went camping again .	My son and I have been planning a camping trip for sometime . We got a new tent and new sleeping bags and are ready . The weather is supposed to be perfect this weekend for camping . We started packing today and made a grocery list . 1 more day of work and we will be out , under the stars .	PERSON went on a camping trip with her friends . That night , they were up late in their tent . Suddenly , they heard a noise outside . PERSON peeked out and saw that it was a bear making the noise . Terrified , they stayed silent until the bear left .	PERSON and his friends went camping . They wanted to spend time in the great outdoors . Unfortunately they forgot to bring tents . They decided to build a small structure out of sticks . It went so terribly that they all went home .	PERSON had his backpack ready to go . He was going for a hike and camping trip . He arrived at the trail and began hiking . PERSON walked for many miles , found a camp , and set it up . He had a wonderful time that weekend , hiking and camping .	PERSON and PERSON were excited about the camping trip . Neither one of them had ever been camping before . They loaded up the truck and headed off . They found a great site next to a small river . They had a wonderful weekend camping and having fun .	PERSON went on a camping trip with her boyfriend . They slept in a tent that night . In the middle of the night she heard a sound . She opened her tent to see it was a bear going through their food . PERSON decided that she was never going camping again .	The PERSON family was going camping . The mother checked the list to make sure they had everything . They loaded up the car , and drove to the campsite . As they unpacked they realized they left the tent . The PERSON family ended up staying at a nearby hotel instead .	PERSON and PERSON invited PERSON and PERSON out camping on Sunday . PERSON and PERSON acted enthusiastic about the trip . On Sunday , PERSON and PERSON went to pick PERSON and PERSON up in the car . PERSON and PERSON acted like they did n't want to go . PERSON and PERSON convinced them to go anyway .
the gift	PERSON was attracted to his classmate PERSON . He heard that PERSON loved elephants . One day PERSON brought Nia a plush elephant as a gift . PERSON smiled and hugged PERSON . To her , it was the best gift she had ever received .	PERSON wanted to find the perfect gift for her granddaughter . She searched all the stores to no avail . When she arrived home , she found a music box her grandma gave her . PERSON presented it to her granddaughter . Her granddaughter thanked her with a hug .	PERSON and PERSON were adjusting to their lives as an empty nest couple . PERSON was concerned about how much time PERSON had to spend alone . He purchased two Burmese kittens from a breeder in PERSON . The couple was nervous as they brought the kittens home . Now the kittens bring smiles to both of their faces every day .	PERSON bought Christmas gifts for her two nieces . She brought them to her family 's Christmas get together . One of the presents was a piano mat , the other a play guitar . The nieces fought over the piano mat and started crying and screaming . PERSON basically ruined the Christmas get together with her mistake .	PERSON 's aunt sent her money for her birthday . PERSON 's mother brought her to the store to buy her a gift . PERSON began to look at all the toys and games . She could n't decide which to choose . PERSON decided to save her money .	PERSON did not know which gift to get for her best friend . She had in her hand a curling iron and a electric toothbrush . PERSON had always like gadgets , PERSON remembered . PERSON put down the curling iron and went to the register . PERSON purchased the electric toothbrush for her geeky friend .	Sherry 's cat came around the corner carrying a dead mouse . PERSON 's daughter screamed and ran away . The cat dropped the mutilated package at her feet . PERSON bent down and stroked the cat 's head . The cat purred with gratification .	PERSON receives anonymous gifts at her job . Her coworkers begin to gossip . She assures them she is faithful to her husband . PERSON 's husband comes to her job to make a confession . He has been sending the gifts to spice up their marriage .	My boyfriend bought me a gift for my birthday . He is usually not very good at picking things out for me . I opened the hesitantly . It was a beautiful emerald necklace . I was really surprised .
steak	PERSON got a new grill . He bought steak to cook . PERSON invited friends over to eat . When they cut into the steak they were still bloody . PERSON just threw the steaks back on the grill .	PERSON bought steaks to grill . He heated the grill . While the steaks were on the grill , he entertained his guests . PERSON forgot to turn the steaks . His steaks were burned on one side .	PERSON had invited her boyfriend for dinner . She wanted to cook him a great meal . She cooked up a thick juicy steak . Then she presented it to him , smiling . He said the steak looked better than any steak he had ever seen !	PERSON loved to eat steak . His wife did not like steak . PERSON wanted to get a good steak . He left his wife to go to the steakhouse . Now he is filing for divorce .	The man thawed a steak . The steak did n't smell very good . He asked his wife about the steak . She did n't think it smelled . He ate the steak .	My mom ordered a steak from the restaurant . She requested that be cooked well-done . When the server brought the food out , the steak was still red . Mom sent the steak back and the server was embarrassed . The steak was finally brought back cooked correctly .	PERSON had always found steak too tough for her liking . Then one day her boyfriend promised to change her mind . She waited curiously as he cooked them both steak and potatoes . As she bit into the steak , she had to admit - it was incredible ! Her boyfriend explained that it was a tender cut called Filet Mignon .	My fiance made steaks for dinner . He likes his well done and I like mine rare . He cooked his for 20 minutes longer than mine . He burned his steak . We went out for dinner instead .	PERSON really wanted steak for dinner . He stopped at the grocery store after work and picked one up to cook . As he opened the package at home he smelled something awful . The steak was rotten ! Poor PERSON had to return the steak to the grocery store .
first day	PERSON 's first day of elementary school was approaching . Her parents purchased her all of her supplies . The first day approached and she was really nervous . She arrived and everyone made her feel welcome . PERSON left school having one of the best days of her life .	PERSON was nervous about the first day of school . He did n't know any of the kids in his class . When his mommy left him at the school he cried . When she came back to pick him up he was happy ! PERSON had made friends at his school and could n't wait to go back !	The first day was terrible . He laid in bed , shaking and crying . The shame of his drunken binge had taken control . He jumped up to vomit in the bathroom . He had trouble getting it out of his system .	The first day of school is tomorrow . My daughter is a little nervous . She has to ride a new bus this year . She does not know a lot of people on this bus . I assured her she would do fine .	Tomorrow will be the first day of school for PERSON . He made sure that he has all the material he needs the night before . That night he was unable to sleep because of excitement . He ends up oversleeping and misses the bus . He has to get his dad to drop him off .	PERSON was a new elementary school teacher . She worried that the students in her class would n't like her . On her first day they seemed to be indifferent to her teaching style . But by the third day PERSON noticed a change in her students . The children were less guarded and much more friendly to her .	PERSON was going on his first sale pitch with PERSON . PERSON let PERSON do the entire sale . PERSON was so nervous . All he did was say hi to every one individually . PERSON laughed at PERSON after the sale .	PERSON was nervous for her first day at her job in a new school . She was used to teaching grade schoolers , not high schoolers . When she arrived at the school another teacher greeted her . He noticed she was nervous and started to talk her through it . PERSON was able to cool her nerves and thanked her colleague .	It was PERSON 's first day of school . His parents made him stand for pictures . PERSON tried to smile . He looked cute in his uniform . His parents will post the picture on Facebook .
lost puppy	PERSON got a puppy . One day she lost it . She looked everywhere . Finally she found it . It was under her bed .	PERSON always wanted a puppy . So when she saw on in her driveway , she immediately brought it inside . Later , she heard a knock on the door . And two children asked her if she saw a puppy . PERSON lied and kept the puppy .	PERSON was getting nervous because she lost her puppy . She looked everywhere for it . She searched the entire town and her house . Finally she saw the puppy in her backyard hiding . PERSON breathed a sigh of relief .	PERSON was frantic because she lost her new puppy . She looked everywhere in town for her dog . Thankfully someone found the dog . When her dog was returned she was elated . She made sure that her dog was never out of sight again .	A puppy wandered up to the house . It was black and brown . I brought in the house and gave it a bath . It had no collar . It is now part of my family .	PERSON 's puppy ran away . He looked for it all day . After a while he heard whimpering . It was coming from under his house . PERSON 's puppy had gotten stuck there .	When I was little I had a dog named Cozy . When she was a puppy she escaped from our backyard . I could n't find Cozy and was devastated . My dad went out to search the block for Cozy . After hours he found Cozy a few blocks over and brought her home .	PERSON got a new puppy yesterday . Unfortunately for her , she lost it today . She looked everywhere for it . Finally she found the puppy in the neighbor 's yard . When PERSON found it she was relieved .	I kept hearing a soft cry coming from outside . I opened my front door and there was a puppy . I let her in my house . I gave her a bath . I posted lost ads throughout my neighborhood .
squirrel	PERSON heard a noise in the fireplace . He opened the fireplace doors . A squirrel was huddled up in the back corner by the logs . PERSON coaxed the squirrel out with some peanuts . PERSON let the squirrel go outside in his backyard .	PERSON was going on her evening run in the neighborhood . When she got back she noticed a baby squirrel on the lawn . It was barely moving because it had fallen out of its tree . She took it into the house , but her dad would not let her keep it . She called a shelter so they could adopt the squirrel .	PERSON retired from work . PERSON was bored of being retired . PERSON needed to find something fun to do . PERSON saw a squirrel and fed it . John realized that feeding squirrels was a worthwhile activity .	One day , I heard a noise in my room . There was a squirrel in the walls ! We put a trap in the attic with food and water and a bed . He finally went inside the little cage . When we brought him outside , the other squirrels started to chatter .	A squirrel lived in a tree outside PERSON 's bedroom . Everyday it tried to steal seeds from a bird feeder out there . However there was a device to prevent the squirrels from getting any . So PERSON dismantled the squirrel preventing device . Soon the squirrel was big and fat on bird seed .	PERSON loved squirrels a lot . She thought they were very cute . One day , she walked outside of her house . Then , she walked up to a tree . After that , she was able to see a squirrel and feed it .	PERSON went for a walk . She saw a squirrel . Then she looked again . It was n't a squirrel . It was a chipmunk .	I snapped the picture . I had waited for exactly the right moment . We had set out some bread on a picnic bench . I wanted a picture of a squirrel . It was on a camping trip with my family .	PERSON loved all animals , and always wanted to bring home wild ones . One day he found an injured squirrel and brought it home to nurse . His mother was repulsed , and thought it was little better than a rat . The squirrel recovered , and PERSON looked forward to training him . But he got home to find his mother had evicted the recovered animal .
games	Fred loved to play video games . He often would spend his evenings and weekends playing . Fred started getting headaches after each time he played . He went to the doctor who told him to cut back on playing . PERSON stopped playing video games on the weekends .	PERSON needed money for a new video game . So he gathered his least favorite video games . He told all his friends he wanted to sale some of his video games . One his friends wanted them and bought them . PERSON made enough to get the video game .	PERSON loved playing online games . She met a friend threw her favorite one . They decided to meet in person . After meeting they fell in love . They got married last month and are happy together .	PERSON 's favorite game just came out . She bought it immediately . Since then , friends have been inviting her to hang out . She became completely engrossed in the game . Now she does n't want to do anything except play it .	PERSON loved playing video games . Sometimes she played them too much . One time she played one video game so much that she did nothing else . Her mother was very upset and told her she was grounded . Once PERSON was able to moderate her video games she was n't grounded .	LOCATION loves to play games . One rainy day , PERSON asked his friend to come over to play . His friend preferred to watch movies instead of playing games . They decided to play a game and then watch a movie . When the rainy stopped , they happily went outside .	My niece has a summer job with the Town of LOCATION . She works at their pool . The crew is winding up their summer . The town threw a party for them yesterday . They had fun playing in an inflatable gym .	I wanted to play games all day . I turned on the Xbox . I began to search for something new . I found a star trek game . I was thrilled to see that it was free .	I wanted to introduce my in-laws to my board and card game hobby . I tried to get them to play Splendor but they did not like it . On our last trip to their house I introduced them to Dominion . We ended up playing seven games in a row . I felt proud of myself when they told me they ordered their own copy .
running late	PERSON was running late to school . She rushed around looking for her shoes . She could n't find them anywhere ! By the time she finally found them , she had missed her bus . Her father had to take her to school that day .	I had a big meeting on Friday . I went to bed early and set my alarm for early the next morning . I woke up late the next morning . My alarm clock had broken in the night . I was still late for the big meeting .	PERSON and his girlfriend were hanging out at night . The sun started coming up and PERSON 's girlfriend was worried . Her parents were beginning to wake up , so they needed to rush home . After running as hard as they could , she climbed in her window . She made it home just in time and PERSON walked home .	PERSON was always late for work . He had been warned about it several times . This morning his alarm did n't go off . PERSON knew he was going to get fired . He decided to not show up to work at all .	PERSON was running late for school . He called his friend PERSON to see if PERSON could pick him up . PERSON arrived within minutes and they headed off for school . A policeman pulled PERSON over for driving too fast . PERSON missed school and promised to pay PERSON 's speeding ticket .	PERSON had a very important meeting in LOCATION LOCATION . He left extra early to make sure he arrived on time . Traffic was awful on the interstate . He got on the metro and the train was delayed . He arrived at his meeting with just seconds to spare .	PERSON was running late for work . She decided to take a shortcut . She drove a little faster than normal . PERSON arrived at work right on time . She was relieved that she made it to work .	PERSON was always late for work . He had been warned several times . One day there was a traffic accident and he could n't make it in time . He called in but his boss told him he was fired . PERSON turned around and drove home .	PERSON forgot to set her alarm clock before bed . She woke up 20 minutes later than usual . PERSON hurried to get dressed and eat . PERSON rushed to put on her shoes . She made it to the corner just as the school bus pulled up .
kitten	PERSON felt lonely living in her apartment by herself . One day , she heard a cat meowing from outside her window . PERSON found a kitten alone outside . PERSON brought the kitten to the vet and found out it was healthy . PERSON adopted the kitten and now does n't feel lonely anymore .	I left my kitten in the room today by herself . She tore up my curtains . She peed on my shoes . She managed to get cat food in my bed . I think she will be going in her cage tomorrow .	She was small and grey . She mewed at me contentedly . I pet her happily . She rubbed all over my leg . She jumped up on my lap .	PERSON wanted to own a kitten . His parents told him he could have one on one condition . PERSON first had to prove his responsibility by caring for a plant . The plant he acquired was a small plumeria tree . It withered within a few months and PERSON sadly accepted his fate .	While on his way to work , PERSON noticed a police car slowing traffic . As he proceeded ahead he saw an officer holding a kitten . PERSON jumped out of his car and approached the officer . The officer told him that the kitten was afraid to cross the road . PERSON turned his car around and went home with a new kitten .	When I opened the door the kitten froze . She saw the dog and got scared . She arched her back in fear . She stood there for a minute . Then she ran very fast .	A kitten was stuck in a storm drain . A passerby heard her meows for help . They got a couple people together to rescue her . They reached in and could barely reach her . They somehow managed to pull her out and save her life .	PERSON wanted a kitten . She went to the shelter with her mom . She picked out the perfect kitten ! Then they took it home together . Nine loved her new kitty so much !	PERSON got a kitten for his birthday . PERSON knew that he should n't let his kitten sleep in his bed . PERSON snuck the kitten into his bed one night . The kitten clawed PERSON 's pillow and ruined his pillowcase . PERSON now makes sure that his kitten does n't sleep in his bed .
pizza	PERSON was at home thinking about what to eat . He walked to the kitchen . Then noticed a coupon on his fridge for pizza . PERSON called the pizza company . PERSON ate pizza for dinner .	One day I was working , when I felt hungry . I decided I felt like pizza , so I got in my car . I drove to the nearest LOCATION LOCATION . I got out of my car and walked into the store . I bought one large pepperoni pizza .	PERSON was very hungry . He ordered a pizza . But when he arrived , he was bummed . The pizza was burned ! PERSON had to call back and complain .	PERSON made flat bread pizzas for dinner . She added many toppings to make her recipe complete . She served the pizzas to her family . They ate the pizzas together , at the dining room table . They were so good , that PERSON decided to have seconds .	PERSON decided to cook pizza . He made his own dough . He added special spices and was excited about cooking it . As he was baking the pizza , he got distracted . PERSON lost track of time and burned his pizza .	PERSON wanted to order a pizza . He did n't have enough cash . He decided to make a pizza instead . He looked up a recipe for a sausage pizza . It was delicious !	PERSON and her family had pizza for dinner on a Friday night . She put the leftover slices of pizza on the counter . PERSON went down to the basement to put laundry in the washer . When she came back the pizza was gone . Their dog had jumped on the counter and ate all of the leftovers !	PERSON had been craving pizza lately . She asked her husband if he could pick up some on the way home . He stopped by the nearby pizza joint and grabbed one . He brought it home and it still was fresh and hot . She enjoyed every delicious bite of it !	PERSON was cooking a pizza . He got distracted while he was cooking . All of a sudden the smoke detector started going off . PERSON remembered his pizza . He ran to the kitchen just in time to see his pizza burning .
loud music	PERSON was trying to sleep . His neighbors were playing loud music . He tried to call the ask them to turn it down . Nobody answered . PERSON was forced to ask them in person .	PERSON moved into a new apartment . He was playing music one night . His neighbor knocked on his door to complain . PERSON apologized and said he did n't realize it was so late . The neighbors accepted and PERSON never did that again .	PERSON came home from work more tired than usual . Just as she began to relax the neighbor pulled up in his car . His music was so loud she could hear it in her house . She waited for him to turn the music off , but he did n't . 20 minutes late PERSON had a headache and was more tense than before .	My son was playing his guitar especially loudly . I knocked equally loudly on his door . He timidly asked me what the problem was . I asked him to play only as loud as he was speaking then . He decided to play video games instead .	I went to a concert last night with some friends . I had lots of fun . The music was extremely loud though . My ears were ringing all day today at work . Next time I 'll have to bring earplugs .	PERSON was sitting in class . And he noticed someone next to him listening to music . The person had earphones on . But the music was very audible . PERSON hated metal from then on .	PERSON 's neighbors bought a new stereo . They would often crank up their music . PERSON was really annoyed by it . Eventually he got enough courage to ask them to turn it down . The neighbors agreed to it .	PERSON loved loud music . PERSON constantly used headphones for his music . PERSON 's doctor warned him about hearing loss from loud music . PERSON realized he needed to start turning his music volume up more . PERSON listens to quieter music now .	PERSON moved into a new apartment in a new neighborhood . It was a lot of work to move the furniture and he was tired . His first night was peaceful , but the next day , he could n't sleep . His neighbor was listening to loud music . PERSON talked to the neighbor and the music stopped .
bed	PERSON bed was very old . He needed a new one . So PERSON threw out his old one . PERSON drove to the store and looked for a new bed . PERSON found the best bed and bought it .	I was making my bed . My son was helping me . He asked about the tag . I said it could only be removed by the consumer . He asked if that meant I had to eat it .	PERSON had a very big bed . He slept alone and it was quite cold . One day , he invited his friend to have a sleep over . With two people , the big bed was more comfortable . Then , PERSON had a very good night sleep .	My granddaughter sleeps in a crib . She has outgrown her crib . Her father bought her bed . He wants to set it up in two weeks . Her mom is sad , as she does n't want her baby to grow up .	Adam and PERSON had had the same bed for seven years . It hurt both their backs to sleep on it . They decided that although money was tight , they had to upgrade . They scrimped and saved for a couple of months . Then finally they bought a new , soft , comfortable bed set !	I had not had any sleep for 3 days due to being worried . I laid down on my bed and closed my eyes . I could see images of my problems flashing before my eyes . Since I could not fall asleep , I got up from bed . I sat at my desk and continued to worry .	PERSON went to work . He came home late at night . PERSON was very tired . He laid down in his bed . He fell asleep quickly .	I wanted a more comfortable bed . I thought it might alleviate back pain . I bought a memory foam mattress . It still was n't enough to feel better . I then bought a memory foam topper .	The boy hid under the bed . His brother jumped on top of it . The sound scared the boy . The boy screamed out . His brother jumped up in surprise .
house	PERSON like to build things . He built another house right next to his own . He used the bottom floor as a wood workshop . He let guests sleep on the top floor . It was his biggest project since the barn .	PERSON was looking for a comfortable home . Riding in and around all communities . PERSON had a certain budget to stay in . PERSON found a split level , patio , deck and lovely yard areas . The lovely peach and green house with rose bushes on both sides .	PERSON had been working on building a home for a month now . He had all the plans drawn out and the measurements all taken . Now all that was left was simply hiring someone to do the job for him . He looked in the papers and online for the best person to do the job . Once he had someone in mind he called them and set up an appointment .	We finally were able to sell the house . We spent months getting it ready and then moving . It then all happened so fast at the end . Next thing we knew the house was sold . And we were watching the new one be built .	A family decided to move . They packed everything up . They got in the moving truck . They drove across the country . They loved their new home !	There was a big house in my hometown . It was surrounded by a field . Then they built a shopping center around the house . The house is still there . It looks out of place .	A flash of lightning illuminated the decaying house . Qora jumped into the air , but kept moving up the stairs . She looked back over her shoulder at her friends , encouraging her . PERSON got to the front door and kicked it as hard as she could . She then ran quickly from the house , certain ghosts were on her heels .	The man built a house . The inspector looked it over . The house was not built to code . The needed repairs were extensive . The man tore down the house .	The wife cleaned the house . The husband played video games . He did not help the wife . The wife got angry at the man . She threw out his video games .
talent show	PERSON stepped on stage in front of her school . Her act was to sing and play the piano . After performing her piece , the audience applauded loudly . The judges appeared very impressed . She won first prize in the talent show .	The talent show was scheduled for that night . They were not sure how many performers would be there . The performers were scheduled to be there one hour before the show . Sometimes , they simply would not show up for their acts . The organizers decided they would charge the performers entry fees !	PERSON was a great tap dancer . He decided to audition for the town 's yearly talent show . PERSON practiced for hours a day on his routine . He was nervous about performing in front of so many people . PERSON danced his heart out and won the talent show .	I love to sing . Tomorrow I will audition my singing in a talent show . I 'm very nervous about going on stage . My friends are rooting for me . Finally I got to sing , and I ended up winning the contest .	PERSON saw an ad for a talent show . He thought of what he could do . He practiced a song . He brought his guitar . He performed it to a happy crowd .	I took part in my school 's talent show . I had been practicing very hard for the show . I went out on stage and sang the song I had rehearsed . Partway though , I forgot the lyrics to the song ! The judges did not pick me as the winner of the talent show .	PERSON was an entertainer . PERSON wanted some extra money . PERSON saw a flyer for a talent show . PERSON called the number on the flyer . PERSON joined in the talent show .	PERSON had been invited to his niece 's talent show . He thought it 'd be boring . But to his surprise , his niece was a great singer and dancer ! Afterwards , she asked him if he 'd enjoyed it . Gram could honestly tell her that he 'd loved the show !	PERSON was nervous before her talent show . That evening , she went on stage and sang two songs . Afterwards , the audience applauded loudly . Her parents were very proud . PERSON won the talent show .
garden	PERSON decided to plant a garden . He worked hard and planted the seeds . Everything started to grow . One day a deer came along and ate all the plants . PERSON was very sad because everything was ruined .	PERSON wanted a nice garden in his front yard . So he bought gardening tools , plants , and seeds . Day after day , he worked on his garden . And he was close to giving up . But after it was finished , he was proud of himself .	PERSON could find nothing to cure her boredom . She asked her grandma for something to do . Grandma was going to work in her garden and invited PERSON . PERSON made a face and walked away . After 30 minutes of boredom she decided to go help in the garden .	PERSON wanted to grow vegetables . Unfortunately he lived in an apartment . He decided to grow herbs in a window box . PERSON got the supplies and planted seeds . Soon his herb garden grew .	PERSON had a lovely garden . PERSON , her neighbor was jealous of her garden . PERSON bought some gasoline , and poured it on PERSON 's flowers . PERSON 's flowers died . PERSON was angry at PERSON for a long time .	The farmer planted a large garden for the town . He planted vegetables of every kind . Each year he did this to promote healthy living . School children helped the farmer with the planting . The town always looks forward to the yearly garden .	PERSON had a beautiful garden . She planted a dozen flowers . She watered them every day . When they were almost ready to bloom , there was a drought . All of her plants died .	Heather went outside to check her vegetable garden . She knew she had a large cucumber plant that was taking over . Heather looked thru the garden to make sure vegetables were ready . She realized she had not only cucumbers , but tomatoes ready . Heather picked the vegetables , brought them in the house to eat them .	Little PERSON wanted to have a garden . PERSON 's mom bought her some seeds . PERSON dug around in the back yard . She carefully planted the seeds and prayed for rain . A week later , PERSON saw baby tomato plants popping up in her garden !
movies	PERSON likes watching movies . He considers himself a film buff . He noticed he tends to enjoy comedy movies more than any other genre . He thought of this as a profound life epiphany . He now thinks laughter is the best medicine .	My wife wanted to see a new movie that came out . We went to the theater and they were all sold out . We started to walk back to the car , when a shadowy figure appeared . The person asked us if we would like tickets to the sold out movie . They cost more , but we bought them anyway and watched the movie .	PERSON and her friends want to see a movie . Her friend PERSON likes romantic movies . Her friend PERSON likes comedies . PERSON agrees to a romantic comedy , even though she prefer horror . She sleeps through the entire movie .	PERSON was bored at his house . So he invited his friends over to watch movies . They came with snacks and drinks . They watched movies all day and night . PERSON was no longer bored .	Last Saturday I went to the movies with my friends . We saw the late night showing of the movie Burnt . I could barely stay awake since it was midnight . The movie was so long and kind of dull . After the movie I went home and promptly fell asleep .	My niece and her fiance went to the movies last week . They went to a modern theater with waiter service . They saw an old movie , The Neverending Story . The cost was $ 28 a seat . They enjoyed the experience .	PERSON enjoyed watching movies at the theater . He usually went once a week to catch all the new releases . He went to his usual movie theater yesterday . He saw that the doors were closed and the lights were off . PERSON was angry that his favorite movie theater closed down .	Neither of them felt well . They had so much stuff to do in the house . They gave up and said they would n't do it yet . They sat around watching movies all weekend . Most of the movies were gory but they did n't care .	PERSON and his friends went to the movies . Some of them wanted to see the comedy . The rest wanted to see the action movie . PERSON was embarrassed because he wanted to see the romance . PERSON 's buddies teased him terribly for that !
new school	PERSON just moved to a new town . She was quite nervous to move there . She was worried she would not make any friends . However to her dismay as she walked in the school she made some . Everything seemed automatically better .	PERSON was starting a new school . She was very nervous . She was used to be popular . She was having a hard time making new friends . She finally started fitting in .	PERSON was the new kid in school . He started his first day nervously . He put all of his things in his locker . The girl in the locker next to him introduced herself . They became new friends .	PERSON was moving to a new school and was very worried . He had left all of his old friends and was n't sure he could make more . LOCATION 's first day of school , he mostly sat alone and did n't talk much . The next day , a boy named PERSON asked to be his friend . PERSON and PERSON were best friends from that day on .	PERSON had gone to the same school for all her education . All of a sudden , her dad got a job transfer . PERSON had to change schools . She became a minority . PERSON hated school and asked to be homeschooled .	When PERSON was ten Year 's old , her family moved . She had to go to a new school and make new friends . She was very nervous about her first day at school . At lunch , she asked a group of girls if she could sit with them . The girls were funny and cool , and PERSON felt better !	PERSON 's family moved to town this past summer . Today was his first day in the new school . PERSON was nervous and did n't want to go . The teacher introduced PERSON to the class . During lunch , several students sat with and talked to PERSON at his tab .	Kia 's family moved across the country . Kia had to start at a new school . She was very nervous on her first day . But by lunchtime , she was relaxed and happy . She 'd found that the students were all very friendly !	My son started a new school last week . He is having a tough time there . There a few kids who are bullying him . At his last school he had a lot of friends . I hope it works out for him .
peanut allergy	PERSON was allergic to peanuts . He went to birthday party . The cake had a peanut butter filling . PERSON did n't eat any of the cake . The host brought PERSON a serving of ice cream instead .	PERSON was allergic to peanuts . One day his friend brought cookies to school . PERSON ate one of the cookies . Minutes later he started breaking out . Come to find out , the cookies had peanut butter in them .	PERSON was at a restaurant . He told them about his peanut allergy . They assured him it would not be an issue . PERSON ordered his food without care . The staff was right in that he ran into no issues .	PERSON loved peanuts . He ate a jar of peanut butter . He started itching . PERSON did n't know he was allergic to peanuts . PERSON died .	PERSON was deathly allergic to peanuts . The school bully PERSON did n't understand how deathly . He thought putting a single peanut in his sandwich would be funny . PERSON went into shock due to the allergy closing his throat . Luckily PERSON did n't die and PERSON was only expelled .	The teacher told the students not to bring any snacks to school . They had a student with peanut allergies . So this could not be risked . PERSON brought in peanut butter crackers on accident . The child ate one and went into shock .	PERSON told PERSON he was allergic to peanuts . PERSON thought PERSON was a hypochondriac . She decided to test it by giving PERSON a cookie with ground peanuts . PERSON started choking moments after biting the cookie . PERSON acted like she did n't know why PERSON was choking .	Sue was allergic to peanuts . She told her teacher . However , one day a student brought peanut butter cups . Sue accident touched the peanut butter . She had to go to the ER .	PERSON and PERSON are identical twins . PERSON loves to eat peanut butter but PERSON is highly allergic to it . One day their mom handed PERSON PERSON 's lunch bag by mistake . As soon as PERSON tasted the peanut butter she ran the nurse 's office . PERSON was treated with an epipen and sent home early that day .
casino	I went to the casino with my friend . I had never played blackjack before , but she encouraged me . I sat and played for a little while . By the end I managed to win $ 40 . I do n't gamble often , but that was a fun experienced .	PERSON went to LOCATION LOCATION for vacation . He decided to play blackjack . He was having a very lucky streak ! He put all of his money on one hand . He lost everything .	PERSON wanted to relax one night . She went to the casino to chill and play slots.q She won a hundred dollars ! But then she kept playing . She lost all her winnings , and more !	The dealer handed out the cards to the table . PERSON took his cards and peeled them off the table to look . After looking , he tried to keep a straight face . At the risk of looking too bold , PERSON went all in . He triumphantly revealed his full house .	PERSON and her friends were visiting LOCATION LOCATION . They decided to go to a casino . PERSON played various games for two hours . And she was down $ 100 . PERSON decided to quit while she was ahead .	I wanted to build a casino . I partnered with an Indian reservation . They let me build on their land . After a few years , the casino was finished . It became very profitable !	PERSON wanted to spend her weekend at a casino . PERSON decided to try her luck at roulette . She managed to double her earnings ! Feeling lucky , PERSON decided to keep going . PERSON left the casino that day breaking even .	Frank wanted to go to the casino on the weekend . He wanted to actually make money this run . He decided to learn as much as he could about blackjack . He felt confident all throughout his time at the blackjack table . PERSON left tripling his earnings !	We were in town for a conference . A bunch of people decided to go to Casino . We played some table games . A couple people made some good money . But we were tired for rest of trip .
ice cream truck	PERSON was playing in his yard . He heard the ice cream truck . PERSON ran inside to try and get money . He could n't get any in time . He got to see the truck drive away .	The sound of an ice cream truck became more loud . I decided to run outside and look for the truck . It was moving on the left side of the street . When the truck arrived , I walked to the front . The driver offered several flavors to buy .	The kids were playing when they heard the ice cream truck approach . They raced to ask their parents for money for an ice cream . After getting their money , they ran out and flagged down the truck . Each kid waited and paid for their ice cream . They sat outside and ate their ice cream together .	PERSON heard the ice cream truck coming blocks away . He got all his change ready and ran out the door . He got out just in time to catch it . He picked his favorite treats . It was the perfect end to a warm summer afternoon .	PERSON and PERSON were playing outside . But it was a burning hot day . They decided to go back inside . But then they heard an ice cream truck . They enjoyed eating ice cream outside together .	Every summer evening around 7:00 the ice cream truck would come by . PERSON and his sister PERSON waited eagerly for it to arrive on Tuesday . Their mother had given them each a dollar to buy a treat . At 7:15 the truck still was n't there ! Finally it arrived so PERSON and PERSON could get their frozen treat .	PERSON heard the ice cream truck . He excitedly looked for money . He spent a lot of time trying to find loose change . By the time he had enough the truck was gone . Same was sad and hungry .	It was a hot summer day . PERSON was lounging around on his porch . He heard the ice cream truck approach . He ran inside to get some cash . He went back out and bought some refreshing ice cream .	All PERSON 's life , he had only one dream for his future . No matter what , PERSON wanted to drive an ice cream truck . He worked very hard to save up for his dream . Finally , after several long years , PERSON had enough money . He bought the truck and started his business .
the cake	PERSON was baking a cake . She realized that she did n't have all the ingredients . PERSON sent her husband to the store . Her husband picked up the last ingredients . PERSON was able to finish baking her cake .	The doctor told PERSON that he needs to go on a diet . PERSON 's wife PERSON said she would help PERSON diet . Later at home , PERSON would n't let PERSON eat cake . When PERSON was on the phone , PERSON quickly ate a piece of cake . PERSON saw the icing on his shirt and scolded him .	PERSON wanted to do something nice for her brother . He was always too busy to have any fun . PERSON thought about baking him a cake . She did n't have time to bake one . PERSON got one at the store .	Christian wanted to learn to bake . His mother gave him her cookbook . He picked a recipe that was easy . He followed the instructions carefully . He put the cake in the oven to bake and it came out great .	PERSON wanted to make a cake for her boyfriend 's birthday . She found a recipe for a chocolate cake with buttercream icing . She worked on it all day . It turned out even better than she expected . She decorated it with chocolate hearts and colorful sprinkles .	PERSON likes to make cakes . Her son said he wanted her to bake a cake for his birthday . So she got her supplies and began to bake a cake . The cake was finished . She showed her son and he loved it .	PERSON stayed up late to bake a cake . She let it cool and then started to decorate it . It was a beautiful cake with great decorations . She brought the cake to an office party . She was so proud when her coworkers complimented her work .	PERSON was only seven but wanted to bake a cake on her own . She would n't accept any help from her mother . The cake looked perfect and she frosted it with chocolate . No one knew that she had used Baking Soda instead of Baking Powder . Her father took a bite and made a funny face trying not to laugh .	PERSON wanted to make a tall cake for her boyfriend 's birthday . She spent hours baking the cake . When she tried to frost the cake , the entire cake collapsed . PERSON tried to salvage the cake , but it was a mess . PERSON 's boyfriend told her that he loved the cake no matter what .
party	PERSON was going to have a small party . His friend PERSON decided to invite more people . The party tripled in size . Things got pretty wild . The party ended when the police were called .	Our neighbors down the hall had a very noisy party . One of the guests passed out in front of my door . When I asked him to leave he swore at me . I called the police . The guest left before the police came .	PERSON had poor grades . She wanted to go to a party that weekend , but her mom hesitated . She said PERSON should not go anywhere until her grades improved . But finally , she relented and let PERSON go to the party . PERSON was so relieved that her mom had let her go !	PERSON really wanted to throw a party . She went to the store and bought streamers and lights . She spent so much money because she really wanted this to be good . She set everything up and sent the invites . Eventually PERSON 's party was a hit !	PERSON secretly got her ears pierced . She had been hiding it from her mom for 3 days . She went to a party and showed all her friends . One of her friends mom called PERSON 's mom and told on her . PERSON was only mad at the mom who told .	PERSON went home after school . She was disappointed and glum . After all , her parents had forgotten her birthday ! But when she walked in , she got shocked . Her family all jumped out and yelled Surprise !	PERSON had been looking forward to a party all week . He was hurt when the host did n't invite him to join . Instead he decided to stay at a friend 's house . They spent the night playing games and watching movies . He decided that it was much more fun than a party .	PERSON went to a party Friday night . As usual , he did n't bring his own beer . He started bumming beers from his friends . After a few , his friends turned on him . They told him they would give him no more beer until he brings his own .	PERSON has a bunch of glow sticks . Her friend PERSON said they should have a party . She decided to bring the glow sticks to the party . They danced all night long . It was a great party .
the soup	PERSON was sick . His girlfriend made him some soup . The hot broth made him feel better . Soon , he was healthy again . He credited his girlfriend 's soup with making him recover .	Making soup with her grandma was Crystal 's favorite thing to do . They would start early in the morning and make the noodles . They 'd let it simmer all day . They 'd serve a big batch to the whole family . Crystal made the soup for many years .	I decided to try a new restaurant . The place was in the city . I had heard great reviews of their soup . I ordered the chicken noodle soup . It was the best soup I had tasted .	PERSON was a great cook . She made a soup for her family . They thought it was disgusting . PERSON could n't figure out what had gone wrong . The soup tasted terrible !	PERSON was a great cook . She was making a soup for the potluck . She chopped the vegetables and added the milk . She tasted it to be sure it was good . It was perfect !	Mom always makes vegetable soup . She adds in steak meat . She puts in many type of vegetables . She makes it spicy with seasonings . It is great in the winter .	PERSON wanted to make this one white bean soup really bad . The problem was that he did n't have all the ingredients . After looking in his fridge he found some good ones . He put all the ingredients he thought would work instead . After hours of cooking the soup it came out amazing .	The wife cooked for her husband . He was sick and she thought soup would make him feel better . Once it was perfect , she took it in to him . He sat up in bed to sip on it . It made him feel healthier .	PERSON was a great chef . He made some soup for his girlfriend . She had been sick but the soup made her feel better . She told PERSON to write down the recipe for her . She planned on making it again , it was so delicious !
lost	While gardening one day , young bride PERSON lost her wedding ring . She looked frantically , but she never found it . Eventually she gave up and resigned herself to never having it back . But the next spring , tending her garden , PERSON got a great surprise . Caught on the stem of a daisy was her precious wedding ring !	PERSON tried not to panic . He was hiking with his parents . He ran ahead of them . Now he did n't know where he was . Finally he heard them calling for him .	PERSON was heading home from school one day . He stepped off the bus to buy a drink . When he finished his drink he realized he did n't know where he was . He had to use his phone to call his mother . His mother came and picked him up to take him home .	I loaned a game out to my friend . When I asked him for it back he said he lost it . I told him he owed me thirty bucks for it . He said that it 's not his fault he lost it and wo n't pay . I 'm not loaning him any games anymore .	PERSON had lost her pet snake . It had escaped during the night . She searched high and low all day , but could n't find it . Finally she gave up and decided to go to bed . And there , under her blanket , was the snake !	PERSON lost her dog . She put up signs all over her neighborhood . Two weeks went b6 and someone called her about the dog . PERSON made arrangements to meet up with the caller . Carol finally was reunited with her furry friend .	PERSON 's dream was to go on a long hiking adventure on a trail . The trail was over a thousand miles long . Somewhere along the way she took a wrong turn . She was lost for several weeks and kept a journal of her experiences . She was found by rescuers and was forever grateful .	He does n't recognize the street he 's on . He pulls into a gas station and goes in . He asks the clerk for directions . The clerk tells him how to get to his destination . He gets back in his car and follows the directions .	PERSON had been married only one year . The , doing dishes one day , her wedding ring slipped off ! It went down the drain and was lost . PERSON , crying , called her husband home from work . Her husband hurried home to help get her ring back .
the paper	PERSON 's english teacher assigned everyone a research paper . He had to pick someone he admired and write about him . PERSON 's father is a police officer . He decided to write about him . PERSON got an A on the paper .	PERSON forgot he had a paper due . PERSON remembered two days before the paper was due . He spent the last two days writing as much as he could . PERSON turned in what he had done on the due date . PERSON got a D on the paper .	PERSON loved reading the news . He subscribed to the daily newspaper . He would read the local and national news each morning . PERSON loved the routine of reading the paper . He felt more knowledgeable once he had done so .	Sue never forgot to do her homework . In fact , she always did things before they were due . Her teacher gave an assignment on Monday to write a paper . It was due on Thursday . Thursday came around and Sue completely forgot about the paper .	One of my students once turned in a paper . This paper seemed very familiar as I read it . I went to my computer and used a search function . I found the same paper , as written by the student 's wife . This student was then given an F grade and reported for plagiarism .	PERSON has a ten page paper due tomorrow . She has not even started . PERSON also has a piano recital . PERSON is going to have to pull an all-nighter . PERSON had to stay up until 3am to finish her paper .	Our internet was down on Monday . I picked up a local newspaper to read . I had forgotten how hard it was to fold the paper . I managed to read one article before giving up . Thankfully , the internet came back on today .	PERSON had been writing all day . She was writing an important paper for history class . She turned it in and felt anxious . She could n't wait to see her grade . She knew she had done a bad job on it .	PERSON had a paper due for class . She waited until the night before to do it . When she started to write her paper she was distracted by her friends . They had stopped by to hang out with her . The next day , PERSON 's paper was not done .
mail	PERSON has n't received her mail in days . She was wondering what was going on . She went to the postal office to ask about it . Turns out , the mailman did not like her for some reason . He got fired afterwards .	Today I woke up to an email . It said I would receive a package . I waited and waited all day . Finally 7 pm arrived and I went to the mailbox . There was no mail there , I waited for nothing .	The mailman rang the doorbell . I ran to grab my shoes . I answered the door . He was standing there loaded down with packages . He teased me about my predilection for early Christmas shopping .	PERSON was expecting a letter . She checked the mail . There was a pile of stuff in the box . It was all junk mail until the bottom of the stack . The letter was at the bottom .	PERSON took a nap at home . A sound woke up him at around 2:30 . PERSON figured that it was the mailman dropping off letters . PERSON went to the front door to check his mailbox . He opened it up to find some bills .	PERSON loved to get mail . He had a pen pal from LOCATION . One day he got a weird package in the mail . PERSON opened it up and was shocked ! Inside was a Chinese dumpling !	I got a knock on my door . I walked down to the post office lady . She handed me a box . It was a new internet router . I never opened it .	PERSON bought a newly constructed home . He already submitted a change of address form with the USPS . PERSON checked his box everyday for a month and it was empty . He called the post office concerned and found that they had his mail . They were n't able to send it because his new address was new .	The man got a letter . He opened it up . It was intended for someone else . He read the contents anyway . He gossiped about the contents around town .
gym	PERSON resolved to go to the gym every day to lose weight . At first it was hard . She struggled to make it through even twenty minutes . But she persisted , and it got easier . Soon she was slimming down and shaping up !	PERSON did not like gym . He was n't good at any of the sports . He always tried to dodge playing . He even did poorly on the tests . Next year he took a weightlifting class .	The man went to the gym . He started to work out . He saw someone he knew . He felt self conscious . He tried to avoid being seen .	PERSON had never been to the gym . He wanted to get in better shape . He hired a trainer . He began going every day . PERSON now looks like a bodybuilder .	DJ wants to get in shape . He decided to join a gym . DJ lifted weights . He got into great shape . Now DJ feels much better .	Peter really hated gym class . Everyday the teacher would get mad at PERSON . When the teacher got mad at Peter he would make PERSON run laps . PERSON figured that he just had to follow the rules . PERSON followed the rules and the teacher does n't get mad at him !	Arnold goes to the gym . The gym was packed . He could hardly get his workouts in . He had to constantly wait for other people to finish . He decides to leave .	PERSON wanted to start going to the gym together . We looked around and tried to decide which gym we wanted to go to . I told her that a certain gym was bad and she agreed . We were about to give up searching but found a nice one close by . We applied for membership at the nearby gym and now go daily !	PERSON was a fitness enthusiast . He would frequent the local gym . He saw a new piece of equipment . He tried the new equipment . He really enjoyed the new equipment .
the pool	I bought a new pool for the kids . It was just a small blow up one . It was the perfect size for them . We filled it all the way up . The kids played for hours .	It was a very hot day . PERSON decided to take her kids to the pool . They jumped right into the cold water . It was the best way to beat the heat . They swam for five hours !	PERSON got a new pool this summer . The pool is eight feet deep and twenty feet wide . It is wide enough for all of PERSON 's friends to play in . PERSON and his friends are having lots of fun this summer in the pool . PERSON is making many more friends .	The summer was winding down . The family decided to go to the pool one last time . THey loaded up their towels and goggles . When they pulled in , it was deserted . The pool had closed early for the fall !	PERSON was sweating . She decided to take a dip in the pool . It was so cool and refreshing ! She swam until dinner time . She was happy she 'd escaped the heat for a bit .	Summer was winding down . The family went to the pool one more time . They went through the lazy river and went down the slides . It was great to relax in the water one more time . They could n't wait until next summer !	PERSON did n't know how to swim . Her friends made fun of her for being unable to swim . One day , PERSON decided she had enough . She jumped into the deep end of the pool at her school . PERSON was n't bullied any more because she was dead .	PERSON went swimming on Tuesday . He goes to the local public pool . He usually just goes for fun and to work out . This time it was to meet a friend . He was stood up but still enjoyed himself .	PERSON was hot and tired . He decided a swim would perk him up . He dove into the pool and felt relief . He swam all evening . He was cool and relaxed after that !
long distance	PERSON met PERSON through the Internet . As they lived a thousand miles away , they vowed to only stay friends . But as time went by , they could n't deny their attraction . So they had to deal with the long distance relationship . Until PERSON decided to move to be closer to PERSON and marry her .	PERSON was vacation in LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . This is where he met PERSON . It was love at first sight and they only spent three days together . PERSON and PERSON knew a long distant relationship would be tricky . After three years of success PERSON finally moved to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION .	PERSON met a man through a dating website from LOCATION . She talked to him every day , even though they were 3000 miles apart . They soon fell in love . PERSON bought a plane ticket to visit him . They got married soon after that and PERSON moved to LOCATION .	PERSON had to travel a very long distance to visit her parents . This was do to her living away from home attending college . She enjoyed her visits home but not the long commute . She decided to attend college closer home to stop end the commuting . Now PERSON can visit her parents every day .	Ally 's boyfriend found out he had to move across the country for work . Ally was sad because she could n't leave her job to follow him . However they decided they were going to stay together . A year later PERSON got a job offer from where her boyfriend lived . She broke the news to him that she was going to be moving .	PERSON 's boyfriend had to move far away for a job . She missed him and talked to him on the phone every night . After growing more depressed , she realized she had to go to him . She found a job near him and they were able to move in together . Now PERSON is happy and not depressed anymore .	PERSON had a boyfriend she met online . They had a long distance relationship for over a year . They finally were able to move in together . It was much worse in person . PERSON was dumped shortly after .	PERSON 's family moved into a rental house temporarily . Before the phone was connected , PERSON used it as a toy phone . One day , she dialed a long number and someone picked up the phone . PERSON hung up when the person started speaking a foreign language . Later , PERSON 's mom had a fit when she got a long distance charge .	PERSON and jamie were in a long distance relationship . They keep trying to make it work . After some time , PERSON cheated on PERSON . PERSON never found out until PERSON confessed . PERSON dumped her .
the surprise party	PERSON was walking home late on his birthday . He was really bummed because no one had called . He sighed as he opened his apartment door . Suddenly people burst out and yelled surprise . He was so happy that his friends had n't forgotten after all .	PERSON hated surprises . Her sister knew this but planned a surprise birthday party anyway . PERSON sensed that her sister was planning something . She went around to the back of the house instead of the usual front . PERSON came up behind the hiding guests and surprised all of them .	PERSON was planning a surprise for her husband 's birthday . She wanted to throw him a party , but his schedule was tough . He would always arrive home at widely different times . To get around it , she worked with his co-workers . Together they were able to surprise him perfectly .	PERSON 's birthday was coming up . Her friend PERSON decided she was going to throw her a surprise dinner . PERSON planned for their friends to show up at her favorite restaurant . When PERSON showed up with PERSON , no one was there . It turned out they were at the other branch a town over .	PERSON was throwing a party for her husband . It was going to be a surprise ! She invited all his closest friends . They hid in the garage . When he came home , they jumped out and yelled for him .	PERSON wanted to throw a surprise party for PERSON . She secretly sent out invitations to PERSON 's friends . She ordered balloons and food to be delivered on the special day . All of PERSON 's friends showed up early and hid until PERSON arrived . When PERSON walked through the door , everyone shouted and cheered .	PERSON thought everyone had forgotten her sixteenth birthday . During the day , no one even wished her a happy birthday . After school , her mother picked her up and brought her back home . When she walked inside , there were all of her friends ! PERSON realized they had been planning a surprise party !	PERSON had planned a surprise party for his cousin . He told everyone to be at his house early . PERSON got everything ready for the party . Everyone waited for the cousin . When PERSON 's cousin showed up , he was quite surprised .	Yesterday was my birthday . All day , no one mentioned it and I was feeling forgotten . On my drive home , I was in a bad mood . When I got to my house , all the lights were off and no one was home . I opened the door and all my friends and family jumped out - SURPRISE !
study	PERSON had a test coming up in three days . So PERSON was ready to study for his test . He needed to pass it in order pass the class . PERSON studied for those three days . PERSON took the test and passed it .	PERSON needed to study . He has a history test tomorrow . He kept getting distracted . He ended up only studying for one hour . He failed the test .	The boy studied . He took the test . He got a great grade on the test . He showed the score to his mom . He thanked his mom for making him study .	PERSON and matt met up . They wanted to study for the new test . They decided to play a round of a game first . They ended up playing 5 hours of the game . They did not study at all .	I was doing well in all my classes except math . I hired a tutor to help me improve in my math class . We spent a lot of time going over the formulas I needed . I spent so much time in math that neglected the rest of my classes . I ended up with an A in math , but did badly in my other classes .	PERSON had to study for a test tomorrow . He was scared he was going to fail . He took an all nighter . The next day , he was very tired . He still failed the test .	PERSON was a college student . He had an upcoming exam . He was studying in his room . His roommate was making noise . PERSON went to the library for a quiet environment to study .	I had a test to study for . But I thought it was more fun to watch Youtube videos . And studying got to stressful , I went back to watching videos . In the end , I did n't study as much as I needed to . And I felt much more stressed .	PERSON was starting high school . He wanted to be sure to get good grades . So he started a study group with his friends . Every weekend they got together to study . PERSON and all his friends got great grades in high school !
class	The man missed some class . There was a pop quiz one day . He had not prepared for the test . He did very poorly on the test . He failed the class .	My son-in-law PERSON went to sit in on a class at BC today . It was a class on business ethics . PERSON has a PhD and is looking for a tenure track job . PERSON is a philosopher . We are hoping he will get a job .	I have an 8 am class . Last night , I stayed up until 5 am . I overslept and missed class . I e-mailed my professor to ask for extra-credit . She gave me an assignment to make up for missing class .	PERSON wanted to go to public school . She had been homeschooled for ten years and was tired of it ! Her mom refused to let her attend public school . But PERSON kept begging , and finally her mom agreed . PERSON went to public school and made dozens of friends !	PERSON had bad grades and did n't think he would graduate . There was only 5 days left but he studied and did make up work . He worked hard and stayed late after school . Finally , the grades were posted and he went to look . He had passed and was going to graduate !	I ran into class about twenty minutes late . I had missed the beginning of the lecture . The teacher told me he would lock me out next time . Frustrated , I sat down and listened . After class , I told him I did n't appreciate his condescension .	Everyone was in a math class . There was a kid that caused trouble though . He would hit on girls and yell out . The teacher sent him out . He behaved after that .	I work at a transit authority . One day we had to take a class on procedures . The speaker was very boring and I almost fell asleep . After the class we all got certificates . I did not hang my certificate up , as the class was terrible .	I had to go to class at 10:00 this morning . I was mad because the class usually starts at noon . I decided to email my teacher expressing my frustration . He did not like the email , and gave us a pop quiz today . Now I know to keep my opinions to myself .
first car	PERSON needed a car . She went to a dealership and looked around . Finally , she selected an affordable car . She filled out the paperwork and made a down payment . Afterwards , she drove home in her new car .	PERSON bought his first car . Be he valued a fast car over a reliable one . After a year , PERSON started having to take it to the repair shop . And he was getting tired of his car 's problems . So it traded it in for a more reliable one .	PERSON had just started his first job now that he was 16 . He would always volunteer when someone called in sick . PERSON worked very hard to save up money for his first car . He finally saved enough to look at cars in the dealership . PERSON purchased his dream car with the money he saved up .	PERSON was soon turning 16 years old . He had been saving his money since his 10th birthday . He always dreamed of the day he would get a car . On his birthday PERSON and his dad went to the dealership . He found a great car and paid cash .	I was sixteen . My grandmother gave me her old sports utility vehicle . It was a 1997 Mercury Mountaineer . I had to wait a couple weeks for my license . Four years later I wrecked it .	PERSON started saving for his first car when he was 12 . He worked every odd job he could for four years . He could n't wait to be able to drive . On his 16th birthday he bought a new car . Ten years later he still has it and it 's his pride and joy .	PERSON was about to drive his first car . He bought it at a bargain price . However , it would n't start up . He needed to figure out what was wrong . When he looked under the hood , half the engine had fallen apart .	PERSON wanted a car . He had just gotten his license , after all ! So he worked as a dishwasher and saved his money . In a few months he had earned enough for a used car . PERSON was so proud to drive his `` new '' car to school every day !	PERSON just turned sixteen Year 's old and wanted a new mustang . His dad could not afford it at the time , but wanted PERSON to be happy . He told PERSON if he gets a job and saves , he will pay for half the car . PERSON got a job and did what his dad said . He saved enough money and his dad paid for half of the mustang .
PERSON the cat	PERSON once was a little cat . He was small and never ate . A family took him in and fed him well . PERSON then began to eat more . Now , little PERSON is a big fat cat .	PERSON was looking to adopt a cat from the animal shelter . She had done research on what type of cat she was looking to get . PERSON went downtown and saw hundreds of animals that needed homes . There was a kitten named PERSON in a cage that made her heart melt . She adopted PERSON and brought her back home .	Ernesto the cat likes to run in the roof . Every night he goes outside and chases around other cats . One time , a big cat got angry and chased PERSON back . Ernesto got really scared and run away . He came back to his house to ask for hugs .	PERSON the cat was recently adopted by a nice family of three . They had never had a cat before but they were excited to have PERSON . When PERSON arrived at home he was excited and he started to explore . He jumped and pounced and everything and it scared his new family ! They soon got used to PERSON and he was loved by all .	Van the cat meowed loudly in the morning . He woke his owner up . His owner fed PERSON . PERSON ate the food . PERSON planned to wake his owner up the next day too .	PERSON 's cat PERSON seemed not to be feeling too well . So he decided to take PERSON to the vet . PERSON took PERSON to the vet . The vet examined PERSON and gave him some medicine . Two or three days passed and PERSON noticed that PERSON seemed better .	PERSON had just gotten a new cat . He named his cat PERSON . PERSON peed on the floor of PERSON 's apartment . PERSON scrubbed the carpet on his apartment for hours . He was able to get the smell out eventually .	Magick is a black cat . Magick likes catnip . PERSON 's owner bought him a bag of catnip . Magick rolled in the catnip . PERSON slept great that night .	PERSON had been taken back to the pound by her previous owner . She is not a friendly cat . One day a man walked into the pound . It was love at first site . The man took her home and gave her a place to live .
scary movie	PERSON watched a scary movie . He excitedly told his friends about it . They all went out and watched it too . Nobody else found it scary . PERSON 's movie views were never taken seriously again .	PERSON kept bugging his brother . He wanted to watch his first horror movie . His brother said he was going to show him one . But it 's been a week and he has n't been shown a scary movie . Finally on Saturday his brother showed him a scary movie .	The kids rented a scary movie . They watched it together . They all got very frightened . They could n't fall asleep . The next morning the kids were very tired .	PERSON had a girlfriend named PERSON . PERSON took PERSON to a scary movie . PERSON was very spooked by the movie , jumping several times . PERSON clung to PERSON throughout the whole show . PERSON loved the fact that PERSON felt safer by being close to him .	PERSON was five and loved scary movies . He begged his mom to let him stay up late to finish a horror movie . She warned him he might have nightmares , but finally she gave in . But sure enough , that night PERSON woke screaming from a bad dream ! He sobbingly agreed to listen to his mom 's advice from now on .	PERSON did n't like scary movies . Her boyfriend convinced her to watch one with him . She apprehensively agreed . PERSON kept screaming throughout the movie . Eventually her boyfriend decided to watch something else .	Horror movies were PERSON 's favorites . Every time a new one came out he was the first in line . After seeing so many he began to wonder if he could make his own . He and his friends got a camera to film his ideas . Months later PERSON 's short film was put into an anthology film .	PERSON was watching TV when she found a scary movie . She and her brother watched the whole film . They each pretend not to be afraid . When it was time to sleep PERSON was scared to go into her room . She fell asleep hiding under her bed with a flashlight .	PERSON and his friend PERSON snuck onto a horror movie . It was rated R but how scary could it be ? They were 10 , they could handle it . When they left the theater they were traumatized . The movie had been rated R for a good reason .
winter	PERSON loves the winter . One of her favorite things about this time is the trees . She loves watching the snow pile on the branches . She stared out the window all winter . She is a peaceful person because of it .	The temperature got cold . Leaves started to die . PERSON took over . Plants died . Old man winter finally came to visit .	PERSON had to drive to his job . There was snow all over the ground . He was nervous about black ice . He drove slowly . He made it safe .	PERSON lived in a cold climate . PERSON was very frugal . PERSON wanted to insulate his home . PERSON decided to board up the windows . PERSON saved some money by sealing the windows .	PERSON took out a glass of champagne . She poured it in a baby cup . She sipped on it while watching television . She cried at the loss of her baby girl . She had fallen ill earlier that winter .	PERSON had just moved from LOCATION to LOCATION LOCATION . She was very excited to play in the snow . When it first started snowing , PERSON ran outside without a jacket . She did not realize how cold it was and began shivering ! PERSON was sad but had to go back inside the house to bundle up .	The snow had begun falling . Winter had finally arrived in the sleepy town . A layer of fine snow covered the roads and sidewalks . It felt cozy and like home to everyone . Winter was a beautiful time in the small town .	I hated winter . So , I decided to move to LOCATION . LOCATION had great weather all year long . But , then I realized I missed the winter . So , I moved back to the mainland .	PERSON lives in LOCATION and he gets very cold winters . Today his car would n't start because it was so cold outside . He had to call into work and say he ca n't come in . Now he is n't going to get paid today . PERSON wants to move somewhere warmer .
the visit	My friend PERSON came to town for a visit . She stayed with her family . I went to her family 's house to visit her . Her sister sat with us and talked all night . I felt like I had made a new friend .	PERSON was excited . She had moved far away from her daughter over a year ago . PERSON 's daughter was flying in to visit her mom for a week . PERSON met her daughter at the airport . Both of them started to cry when they saw each other .	His cousins were coming later too his house . So his mom made him clean all morning . Get groceries in the afternoon . Get ready in the evening . His cousins came to his house .	My daughter came home from college . Se showed up at my door yesterday . I had no idea she was coming . I was so happy to see her face . We had a very good visit .	PERSON 's sister was coming to town . PERSON was very excited . She planned many fun activities . The day they went to the beach , it rained . PERSON was disappointed .	My friend came to visit me . She brought her young son with her . He was a cute little boy . We gave him some toys to play with . We had a great visit .	PERSON 's friend PERSON came for a visit from out of state . PERSON was happy to see PERSON after 2 years away . They went to the theater , and the museum . After 3 days PERSON left and returned home . PERSON was very happy with PERSON 's visit .	It had been many years since I had seen my friend . I invited her over to spend some time catching up . She asked if she could bring her kids along . My friend and her children came over on a sunny afternoon . We had a great time catching up and watching them play outside !	One day PERSON invited her neighbors over . They played in the Slip N Slide outside . Then they ate some of PERSON 's mom 's homemade pie . PERSON 's friend PERSON stuck her head in it . PERSON wiped pie in PERSON 's face playfully .
horses	PERSON loved volunteering at the stables . She was completing her high school charity requirement , 20 hours . But it felt more like fun than work , feeding and grooming the horses ! When her 20 hours were complete , she could graduate . And after graduation , the stable offered PERSON a full-time job !	PERSON 's favorite animal was the horse . PERSON picked a school because their mascot was the mustang . PERSON did not end up liking his time at the school . PERSON decided to more carefully pick a school to transfer to . PERSON changed his favorite animal to his new mascot , the tiger .	My Daddy and I used to ride horses together on Saturdays , his day off . He taught me how to saddle a horse , and climb on the left side always . One day , my horse decided to roll on the ground with me riding her ! I could n't get my feet out of the stirrups quick enough to jump off . Daddy jumped off his horse , ran over to mine , then pulled her up .	PERSON went to her friend 's farm . On the farm , there were horses . PERSON was afraid of horses so she shied away from them . Her friend told her that horses were shy too . PERSON learned that she had something in common with horses .	PERSON loves horses . She collects horse figurines . One day her friend stole her favorite horse . PERSON was sad . They are no longer friends .	PERSON has always wanted to ride a horse . His mom set him and his brother up to take lessons together . PERSON had to ride a little pony for the first time , he was n't happy . The pony got stung on the butt by a bee , causes it to buck . PERSON decided he did n't want to ride horses anymore .	My mom grew up with horses . She missed them a lot . She decided that she wanted to share her experience . We bought horses . Now we have two horses at our house we do not ride .	Four friends like to ride horses . They went and caught mustangs . The four friends domesticated the mustangs . The friends rode the horses from mexico to canada . The four friends never forgot that trip .	PERSON really wanted to take horseback riding lessons . However , her mom could not afford it , since it was expensive . PERSON decided she needed to find a way to pay for it . She asked her future instructor what she could do . The instructor told her to work at the barn and she could get lessons .
skydiving	The instructor was strapped to my back when they opened the door . The wind was cold against my face as I looked out of the plane . We jumped out into the sky and fell into the fierce biting wind . The ground looked so far away and it did n't look like we were moving . The chute opened and we hung in the sky like an ornament on a tree .	PERSON wanted to do something exciting . She looked online and found a skydiving instructor . She called the facility and made an appointment . The next day , PERSON went to the skydiving facility . The plane went into the air , and she jumped out with a parachute .	PERSON wanted to go skydiving . He checked the internet and found a local skydiving business . When he showed up for his appointment , nervousness set in . He went for it anyways and had the thrill of his life . PERSON is going skydiving again next week .	PERSON was a thrill seeker . A friend invited her skydiving . She was excited by the offer . The experience was amazing . PERSON already booked her second dive .	PERSON wants to add excitement to his life . PERSON decides to go skydiving . He is very anxious about this , but goes to the airport anyway . His skydiving instructor is very nice . PERSON skydives from the plane and lands safely .	PERSON was very adventurous . So on his birthday , he wanted to go skydiving . He saved up lots of money for it . But his parents told him it was too dangerous . So instead , PERSON spent his money on a sports car .	PERSON went skydiving . He handing his girlfriend his keys and wallet . He got in the plane . He put on his parachute . He jumped out and landed perfectly .	PERSON looked outside the open door of the plane . He took a deep breath and jumped out . As he fell through the air , he remembered his training . He pulled the strings of his backpack and released the parachute . It was an exhilarating experience .	PERSON PERSON had a headache when he woke up that morning . He took some medicine , but to no effect . PERSON got an idea . He went skydiving for the first time in his life . When he landed , his headache had disappeared .
grandma	We went to my uncle 's house . He had a bunch of four wheelers . We convinced my 87 year old grandmother to ride one . She got on the back with my uncle . She enjoyed the ride around his land .	PERSON loved visiting her Grandma . She would go to see her every weekend and they would do puzzles . PERSON could spend hours doing puzzles with her Grandma . Her Grandma looked forward to the visits from PERSON . PERSON and her Grandma had the best days together .	Grandma loves it when 9 year old PERSON comes to visit . She and PERSON often make crafts together . Grandma saves bits of cardboard and other scraps for this purpose . One visit they built a big cardboard robot covered in aluminum foil . Months later , PERSON still talks about that robot .	My grandma had a special talent . When she got mad at me one day , she threw her shoe at me . It hit me right on top of the head . It bounced and went all the way back to her . She reached out her hands and caught .	PERSON 's grandmother was getting very old . One day she slipped on the front porch and broke her hip . PERSON visited her in the hospital and promised to take care of her . When her grandmother went home , PERSON visited her every day . PERSON and her grandmother cherished the time they had together .	When May 's grandson was born , she tried to pass on all her knowledge . She gave her daughter PERSON instructions on how to do everything . Eventually PERSON told her mother firmly to stop trying to take over . May was a little hurt when PERSON told her to stop butting in . But she knew she had to let her daughter learn to parent on her own .	PERSON was going to become a new grandmother . Her new grandbaby was due in one week . PERSON scheduled time off from her job and bought a plane ticket . She made it in time to see her grandbaby born . PERSON was so happy she made the trip .	They decided to help grandma move . They drove all the way to LOCATION . They spent days loading the trailers . They helped by picking up food . They drove all the way to LOCATION then home to LOCATION .	PERSON was staying at her daughter house for a week . He daughter was out of town and her grandson was home sick . Her grandson had thrown up on the couch . His dad had attempted to clean the mess . Sue decided to re-clean since the house still smelled of vomit .
contest	PERSON wanted to win a contest . But he was not very good at math or reading . Then he found a contest he could compete in . It was a hot dog eating contest ! PERSON ate fifteen hot dogs and won first prize !	PERSON 's friend publicly called her out on social media . He dared PERSON to do the ice bucket challenge . She looked it up and hated the thought ! But she knew there was no backing out of it . PERSON nerved herself up and then dumped ice water on herself !	PERSON has never won a contest before . He noticed an ad for an online raffle . The prize for the raffle was a computer . PERSON decided to give it a shot and entered the raffle . A month later , PERSON leaped when he read the congratulatory email .	PERSON 's school ran a contest to win a pizza party . PERSON had to guess how many jelly beans were in a jar . He wrote his guess on a slip of paper . The principal announced the winner over the loudspeaker . PERSON won the party with an exactly correct guess !	PERSON entered an essay-auction contest to win a house . She sent a photo of herself and her spouse with her essay . The story she wrote was about the terrible childhood she 'd had . She did n't expect any response at all , from such a graphic tale . PERSON nearly fainted when the letter came , saying the house was hers .	PERSON was at the bar with her friends . Suddenly they announced an amateur karaoke contest . PERSON 's friends urged her to compete , so she signed up . When she sang , everyone applauded loudly ! She did n't win , but she was happy with second place !	PERSON entered a local beauty contest . She placed second in the whole town ! Flattered , she went to her state finals . And there , she again came in second place ! PERSON was grateful and thrilled !	There was a contest at a church youth group . PERSON wanted to win . They said you could not touch anyone . If you did you had to kiss them . The best dancer won the contest .	PERSON was competing in a pie eating contest . She was doing well , but her opponent was catching up ! PERSON was getting full and tired ! Then she found one last burst of strength and speed . PERSON won first prize in the pie eating contest !
PERSON buys a car	PERSON was in need of a new car . Her old one was breaking down on the daily . She decided enough was enough . She headed down to the dealership to see if she could find one . She met a nice young man who sold her a brand new car .	PERSON was driving his old car when it broke down on him . PERSON had enough and decided to buy a new car . He went down to the dealership looking for a new car . He went back and forth but finally decided on a Mustang . PERSON was so happy with his new car and never looked back .	PERSON was looking for a new car . She was n't very rich . She decided to try a local dealer . The dealer worked with PERSON . PERSON bought a new car .	PERSON was looking to buy a car . Her friend 's brother was selling a used car . PERSON went to see her the car . PERSON and the guy decided on a price for the car . PERSON bought the car .	PERSON knew he needed a new car . The one he had was starting to fall apart . One day fred 's old car blew up with the engine smoking . PERSON decided to get a tow truck to a dealership . Fred found the first car he could see and signed the lease .	PERSON was in need of his first car . He had saved all his money from working . PERSON went to the dealership . He saw a blue car he just had to have . PERSON ended up buying his brand new blue car .	Frank needs a new car . His old one is junk . Frank goes to the dealership . He picks out a red car . PERSON is happy he bought a new car .	Teddy was looking for a new car . He decided to head to the dealership . He wanted to pick out the best one for him . He chose the ford mustang . PERSON was so happy with his new car .	A man named PERSON needed a new car . He looked on craigslist and found an affordable one . He contacted the seller and made plans to meet him . He arrived , and traded cash for the car . He got into the car and it was in pretty good shape .
dirty dishes	PERSON had many dishes to clean . But she was not in the mood for work . After dinner time , her sink was full of dishes . But after an hour of cleaning them , there were still dishes to wash . From then on , PERSON never let dirty dishes pile up .	PERSON spent almost an hour cleaning all the dishes at his house . He was glad to see his kitchen finally cleaned . But when he and his family had dinner , the kitchen became a mess . PERSON was too tired to do the dishes again . And nobody else wanted to help .	PERSON had three roommates . None of them cleaned as much as PERSON . There was a pile of dishes in the sink . PERSON begrudgingly washed them . He confronted everyone else about the problem after .	PERSON was angry about doing all of the dishes for his family . But he was afraid to ask someone else to do them . So he did a poor job of washing the dishes on purpose . But one day , everyone became sick . PERSON felt guilty and went back to washing the dishes thoroughly .	Yesterday I left work and had a sink full of dirty dishes . This morning I woke up and the dishes started to stink . I began washing the dishes . I could not find out why they stunk so bad . After all the dishes were done I realized it was the trash stinking .	PERSON came home from work and found a sink full of dirty dishes . She decided to wash them even though they were n't hers . In the middle of washing them , her son came down to the kitchen . He added his dirty plate to the pile in the sink . PERSON scowled and told him to wash his own dishes from now on .	PERSON had to wash the dishes . But there were so many to clean . So he cleaned them as quickly as possible . After PERSON ate dinner , he felt sick . He realized he did n't do a thorough job of washing the dishes .	PERSON lived with two roommates . He was the messiest of all three . PERSON often forgot to do the dishes . After a while it created big fights . PERSON was forced to move out .	PERSON hated washing the dishes . It was the one chore he always tried to avoid . When it came his turn he would haggle with others to do it . Eventually he started paying a roommate to wash them for him . PERSON eventually lost too much money and had to do them himself .
lonely	I always ended up alone and lonely . I am easy to fall in love and easy so get hurt . There is this one guy who told me he loves me and show efforts for me . But when i fell in love with him too he just leave me . So i ended up loving him while he is in love with someone else .	PERSON was home all day since her parents were at work . She felt extremely cooking . Cooking or doing homework could n't distract her . Therefore , she called her friend . She came over to hang out with PERSON .	PERSON was lonely . He had no friends . He decided to join a sports club to make friends . Alas , no one there wanted to be his friend . Thus , PERSON became depressed .	Today I had lunch alone . I tried to sit with people , but they left me . I was so sad . When I walked home from school I cried . Someone came up to me on the road and told me to not worry .	Roxy spends a lot of time alone . Even though she is married . She barely talks to her husband . She did n't think this was an issue . But she now realizes she is lonely .	PERSON was lonely . She was n't any good at making friends . She went to the local pound . She found a bunch of affectionate . She brought two of them home .	PERSON was constantly stressed out . But one day , someone approached him and talked to him . Immediately , PERSON felt more relaxed . And he realized that having more friends would help his stress . But PERSON struggled to hold conversations with others .	I was angry when a lot of my friends died from AIDS . I did n't know who to blame for their deaths . I filed petitions to vote certain politicians out of office . Those actions did n't bring my friends back . I forgive my friend 's murderers .	PERSON and PERSON used to hang out a lot . One day Frank met a girl named PERSON . Now PERSON hangs out with PERSON instead of PERSON . PERSON is now alone most of the time . She is very lonely .
trouble	I knew I was in huge trouble . He called my mom and asked if she knew what I had done . She told him yes , and it confused him . He hung up the phone and stared at me . He told me I would have detention for a week .	PERSON had a high school teacher named PERSON . PERSON resented PERSON because he was always so unfair . PERSON decided to prank PERSON , for revenge . PERSON began vandalizing PERSON 's lawn in the middle of the night . PERSON caught PERSON , and had PERSON taken away by the police .	My in laws are having trouble . PERSON was evicted and moved in with her mom . PERSON 's sister PERSON owns the building . PERSON 's husband thinks PERSON is too noisy and wants her out . Nobody is talking to each other .	Kids had been caught throwing rocks at PERSON 's family affair . It turned out they were n't a part of the family at all . The family they belonged to started arguing with PERSON 's family . A fight erupted in the park . PERSON stood and watched in horror as adults fought like kids .	PERSON was afraid to go to the principal 's office . But her teacher decided she was being disruptive to the class . She was in the hall outside her class . She decided to go back in the class and apologize to the teacher . The teacher accepted and she was not forced to go to the office .	Will and his high school buddies were fooling around one night . They smashed a mailbox to pieces , as a prank . Several days later PERSON got a call from the school . The police had come to question Will about that night . Will has never done such a dumb thing since .	PERSON is loves fast cars and making trouble . One evening , he stole the keys to his father 's hot rod . He was out cruising , having a great time . Suddenly , he saw red and blue lights behind him . PERSON got in trouble with his dad , and a speeding ticket to boot .	PERSON loved meeting new people and making friends . She was always really nice to people she had never met before . One day she met someone who never smiled at her . She felt very troubled and sort of hurt at the reaction . She did n't let it get to her and she kept trying anyway .	PERSON was always a good student . She was afraid of getting in trouble . During a test , another student tried to look at PERSON 's paper . PERSON and the other student got in trouble . PERSON cried because she was never in trouble before .
socks	PERSON was running late for work . He was dressed but needed a pair of socks to wear . He looked all over the house for socks . PERSON could only not find any pair of socks that matched . He decided to wear two mismatches and hope that no one noticed .	PERSON was wearing his lucky socks . He did not want to take them off . He was afraid to lose his good luck ! But after a week , his feet smelled awful . His mom made him change the socks .	I buy my socks in pairs . Yet , I always lose one in the wash . I end up having to wear mismatched socks . My boss does n't like my socks to mismatch . I need to buy more or stop washing them .	PERSON was getting dressed for work one day . PERSON noticed his socks had holes in them . PERSON decided to buy new socks . PERSON drove to the store . PERSON bought new socks to replace his old socks .	PERSON was doing laundry . She washed everything and dried it . But as she went to put everything away she noticed something . As usual , many of her socks were missing their mates ! PERSON decided to hand-wash her socks from now on !	PERSON was running late for school one day . He saw that he had no clean socks . Having no time to wash any , he asked his sister for help . She borrowed him a pair of her socks . PERSON had to go to school wearing girl 's socks !	PERSON was put in a team . They were assigned a sock client . They researched . They made a cool ad campaign . PERSON got a raise .	I dried my socks in the dryer . One of my socks went missing . I went to the store to buy more . I got a large pack of black socks . I put them in the sock drawer .	I took my socks home and showed them off . Some were bright colors . I had 5 pairs of knee highs . I wanted to wear them all the time . By the next laundry day half of them were missing .
noise	A man started to play the trombone on a street corner . He could be heard all over town . A police officer was called to stop him . He told the musician to go play somewhere else . The trombone player ignore him and played an encore .	I went to LOCATION . There was so much noise in the city . The noise began to give me a headache . I decided to buy earplugs . Thus , my headache went away .	I felt like a grinch in my own house . The cacophony was too much to bear . The dog became hyper and made it worse . Someone turned on YouTube really loud . I said I was going to scream soon .	I hate too much noise around me . The kids get up and start running around . The one with autism stims very loudly . I put earplugs in so I do n't have to hear it . Then I go back to sleep .	We were sitting at home tonight . It was quiet . My wife heard a buzzing sound . I went and sat near where she heard the sound . We heard nothing .	There was a concert with a band I knew . It was in a parking lot of a hotel . There was a noise complaint . They played one more song . Then they had to shut it down .	I heard a strange noise outside my window . I remember hearing that same noise a year ago . I went outside to investigate . There were two deer in my yard , mating . They were the ones who were making that noise .	The man turned on his music . He wanted to hear the base . He turned up the volume . His neighbors knocked on the wall . He turned the volume up even more .	My neighbor likes to play his music too loudly . I went over to his apartment and knocked on his door . When he opened the door , I told him to turn his music down . Because his music was so loud , he could n't hear what I was saying . I had to write it down on a piece of paper and show it to him .
singer	In the morning the singer would wake up everyday at 7 AM . He would eat his breakfast , workout then get ready for the show . At the show the singer would sing his heart out hoping to get noticed . After the show he goes back to the bus and goes to sleep . When the singer wakes up he follows his same routine .	PERSON sang for the altos in her choir . Then a new instructor took over . He re-tested PERSON 's voice and said she was a soprano ! He placed PERSON in another section of the choir . There , she sang much better !	PERSON wanted to be a singer . But he struggled in his singing class . His friend had an auto tune program for him to try . And PERSON was happy with the results . He quit his singing class and focused on producing electronic music .	LOCATION loved to sing . She would sing in the car , in the shower , and with her family . However , everyone thought LOCATION was a bad singer . Often , listeners ' ears would hurt afterwards . However , everyone was too polite to say anything .	PERSON wanted to be in a band . He auditioned , but he was nervous . He could not play any instruments . Then they asked him to sing , and they loved his voice . PERSON got to join the band as a singer !	PERSON always wanted to be a singer . She even took singing lessons from a vocalist . Once she perfected her voice she submitted tapes to studios . Her voice recording found its way online become a huge hit . She was offered a record deal from a big name studio .	I wanted to learn how to sing better . I auditioned to sing for my church choir . The director said my voice was first tenor . I learned how to read sheet music . I am better singer now than I was before I joined the choir .	The girl was nervous . She was about to go on stage . The host called her name . She went on and performed well . A producer contacted her after an soon she was professional .	PERSON was a beautiful singer . She moved to LOCATION LOCATION to become famous . She worked two part-time jobs to afford her rent . Finally she was hired as a background vocalist for a major artist . PERSON thought her dream was finally becoming a reality .
siblings	Young PERSON wanted adopt a dog . Her older brother , PERSON , knew what that meant . If PERSON got a dog , it would be his responsibility to take care of . Instead , PERSON convinced Lilo to get a pet fish . PERSON does n't have to worry too much about a pet fish .	PERSON had never met her sister before . Her parents always said that they looked incredibly similar . One day she planned a meeting with her over Facebook . They met at a restaurant and talked over dinner . After that they had weekly dinner meetings to talk .	My son and daughter are best friends . They do fight quite often even so . I am often tempted to get involved in the fighting . I have learned to stay out of it . I know that after each fight they always return to being best friends .	I once owned two german shepherd dogs . They were brother and sister . They spent their whole lives together . One day the boy dog died . His sister was very depressed for a long time after that .	PERSON and his wife are debating to have a second kid . Chuck only wants the one kid he has . His wife has always wanted two kids . She says that they will be more social with siblings . PERSON gives in and they have a second child .	PERSON was always mean to his little sister . He picked on her when his parents were n't around . He scared her with strange stories at night . Fed up , his sister told on him . PERSON ended up getting severely grounded for his actions .	PERSON 's parents took in a foster son . At first PERSON was jealous . She did not want a brother stealing her mom 's attention ! But soon she grew to like the little boy . She was happy when her parents officially adopted him .	PERSON 's friend PERSON was coming over to visit . When she got off the bus she was pushing a stroller . Her mother made her bring her brother and sister . PERSON would have to help her watch the kids . That ruined PERSON 's plans to go bike riding .	PERSON met PERSON at a family reunion . They were close in age , but were n't sure how they were related . The girls bonded over things they both liked . PERSON and PERSON eventually talked about a cousin named PERSON . They realized they were sisters !
false alarm	When I was moving a few boxes , I tripped over a chair and fell . There was a sharp pain in my leg so my roommate drove me to a hospital A doctor came in and he took an xray to see if anything was broken . He came back in with the image and everything looked okay . He suggested that I take it easy the next day so we promptly left .	After lunch , my stomach started to growl . It was also grumbling . Since the pain was intolerable , I decided to go the school 's clinic . The doctor checked on me . I found out that I just had a minor stomach ache .	PERSON recently was woken up by his buildings fire alarm . PERSON quickly grabbed his keys , phone , and wallet . PERSON rushed down the stairs , and waited in the parking lot . However , the building manager told PERSON that it was a false alarm . PERSON was furious that he got out of bed for a false alarm .	PERSON was preparing for bed late one night . He suddenly heard a scream from the apartment next to his . He ran outside , approaching the other apartment door . He banged on the door . When the door was opened , PERSON learned he had heard their television !	I heard on the news one afternoon an alarming report . The announcer said that we should keep watch for tornadoes . This made me very nervous . I went to bed that night with a flashlight and my car keys nearby . I woke up the next morning to find nothing had happened !	PERSON was watching a horror movie . His neighbors got worried and called the cops . PERSON was shocked when they showed up at his door . He explained the situation . The cops told him to turn the volume down .	PERSON had n't studied for her geography exam . She was nervous about taking the test in the next period . PERSON pulled the fire alarm to get out of the class . A teacher had seen PERSON pull the alarm . PERSON was given suspension for her actions .	PERSON was sitting in class one day . A voice came over the intercom . The voice warned teachers to lock their doors from a gunman . PERSON sat for hours while the police searched the school . It turned out to be a false alarm and students went home .	PERSON went for a bathroom break . He was too annoyed from today 's lecture in class . In order to end class , he touched the fire alarm . The entire school had to evacuate the building . PERSON was eventually suspended from school .
PERSON 's garden	PERSON wanted to plant a vegetable garden in her backyard . She shopped at a home and garden center , planning her garden . She purchased her supplies , including tools , dirt and seeds . She spread the dirt and planted the seeds , using the tools . Later that afternoon , she drank lemonade , surveying her work .	PERSON wanted to grow a garden . Her grandma was good at growing flowers . PERSON asked her grandma for help starting a garden . Together , they worked in the garden all spring . Now PERSON and her grandma have the prettiest garden on the street .	PERSON planted a garden in her backyard . Following lots of rain she found it washed away . To her dismay , she planted a garden . PERSON harvested peppers and onions from her garden . PERSON made stir fry with her fresh vegetables !	PERSON loved tomatoes . While PERSON was in the army his mom went to work on a garden . It was PERSON 's garden and filled with tomato plants . The tomatoes covered the plants when PERSON came home for leave . PERSON had a fresh tomato feast .	PERSON wanted to grow veggies . She when to the store and bought seeds . Later she picked out a spot to put her garden . PERSON plowed up the ground . Next she planted her seeds .	PERSON liked gardening in her yard . Suddenly , all of her plants started dying . She kept watch and spotted her neighbor 's cat peeing in her garden . She talked to her neighbor and he agreed to keep the cat indoors . PERSON 's garden started to recover and look bright and green again .	PERSON had a beautiful garden . He would sell fresh vegetables from it at the market . One year the was a bad freeze mid Spring . All of PERSON 's plants died . PERSON no longer sells vegetables at the market .	PERSON could n't figure out why her flowers were n't growing . Her books did n't have any information on it . She asked her mother who was of no help . Finally , a man at the local nursery gave her helpful advice . Now PERSON 's flowers are growing better than ever .	PERSON loved gardening . She was proud of her beautiful flower garden . One day she went outside to work on the garden . She found out moles had destroyed her levanders . She got very angry .
PERSON goes fishing	PERSON is going fishing . He is going with his grandpa . PERSON likes to spend time with his grandpa . They catch lots of fish . They eat fish for dinner .	PERSON decided he needed to get out of the house . He went for a short fishing trip . PERSON caught a huge salmon when fishing . He was very proud . PERSON was glad he left the house .	PERSON loved to fish . PERSON was told he could n't go fishing until his chores were done . PERSON hurried up to finish all of his chores . He finished up and headed out to fish . PERSON caught a bunch of big fish and had a great time fishing .	PERSON has wanted to try fishing for many Year 's . Finally he asks for two weeks away from his job . He travels to the river to try fishing for salmon . PERSON eats the first salmon he catches from the river . PERSON is very happy that he has finally gone fishing .	PERSON has never taken advantage of living in nearby a river . He decides he needs to enjoy nature while he is still young . PERSON takes a day off work to go fishing in the river . He catches a glorious salmon . PERSON is so happy he went fishing in the river .	PERSON loved fishing . One day while he was fishing he spotted a huge fish . PERSON baited his hook and casts his reel . The fish took the bait and struggled against PERSON for it 's life . PERSON reeled in the fish proudly and completed his fishing trip .	PERSON loves to fish . He gets his rod and tackle box from the closet . Then PERSON drives to the lake . PERSON finds his favorite spot to sit . Finally , PERSON throws out a line with his rod to catch a fish .	PERSON is bored . PERSON sits with his friends thinking of something to do . PERSON suggest they all head to the lake to go fishing . His friends agree that 's a great idea . PERSON takes his friends to go fishing and has great time .	PERSON loved her father dearly . He decided to take her with him on a trip . PERSON wondered where he was taking her . Finally they arrived at the lake . PERSON was surprised but excited about their trip fishing .
shopping	I went food shopping yesterday for the whole family . There was a nice sale on the canned foods . I bought a bunch of different canned foods . I brought them home and found out that nobody likes them . I had to take the canned food back to the store to return it .	PERSON and her mom were going shopping . They both really loved to shop . They arrived at the mall . They went into at least 20 different stores that day . They had a wonderful time shopping .	PERSON and PERSON were at the mall . And PERSON wanted to go shopping . PERSON said she would only buy a few dresses . So PERSON said he would wait for her . Two hours passed before PERSON decided to leave .	PERSON is a stay at home mom who likes clothes . One day her friend invited her to an online shopping party . She agreed to attend . The party included games with cash prizes toward clothes . PERSON won all the prizes and happily bought lots of clothes .	My wife went toy shopping yesterday . She is buying a birthday gift for our granddaughter . She was told the granddaughter likes art . My wife bought a giant plastic art easel . I said it was bigger than the child .	PERSON did not like shopping . The store was always very loud and too crowded . PERSON needed to get groceries every week . She checked the store to see when it was least crowded . PERSON was able to get her shopping done with timing .	Today I went to the store . I needed to buy paper towels . I found a big pack of paper towels . The paper towels were exactly what I needed . I purchased the paper towels .	PERSON wanted to go shopping for groceries . He made a list . He drove to the store . He purchased the items on the list . He returned home with the groceries .	I decided on getting new clothes one day . I went to the mall in search of some clothes but nothing was nice . Eventually I found a store that had clothes in my style ! I tried some on and decided on a few . I bought them and felt very accomplished !
s 'mores	After they had tin foil dinners , PERSON and May begged for s'mores . The embers from the fire had died down enough to roast marshmallows . May and PERSON whittled down some branches and skewered marshmallows . It was great fun browning and sometimes burning the marshmallow . They agreed the best way to eat it was with cracker and chocolate .	PERSON 's parents and their friends usually had a pit on Friday evenings . Sometimes Ms PERSON would bring marshmallows to roast . Tonight she had everything needed to make s'mores . The kids tummies hurt by the time they went to bed that night . They were full of the delicious treat !	PERSON was making s'mores . She applied her marshmallow to her stick , then held it out . The fire made it gooey , then she applied chocolate pieces . Finally she sandwiched it between a graham cracker . Finally it was time for PERSON to enjoy her s'mores !	PERSON was at a campsite with her family . They were sitting around the fire telling tales . Then PERSON decided to make s'mores . She put all the ingredients together and put them on the fire . They came out warm , gooey , and eaten by all the campers !	PERSON wanted to build a fire in the backyard fire pit . He walked around the yard picking up fallen branches and twigs . He took newspaper out of the recycling bin to use as kindling . When his fire was blazing , he called his family outside . They all spent the evening making s'mores over the fire .	PERSON was camping with her friends , and they were making s'mores . But they got to chatting about scary stories and were distracted . Then PERSON smelled something burning . It was their s'mores ! Everyone was disappointed that that 'd burned their tasty snack !	Last night I was hungry . I decided to make myself some delicious s'mores . I have always loved s'mores . I got the ingredients together and put them in the toaster . The result was delicious .	PERSON was camping with his family . Then wanted to make s'mores . They all piled their ingredients onto sticks and toasted them . Everyone else 's s'mores turned out well . But Ash 's s'mores were just a messy , burned lump of goo !	The campers were making s'mores . They used marshmallows and extra chocolate . They all ate them around the campfire . The s'mores were delicious . It was their favorite camping treat !
the vet	PERSON is not a very nice cat . She went to the vet for a check-up on Saturday . The vet did not heed our warnings , and was bit several times . The vet had to go to the hospital for stitches . The vet started listening better to pet owners .	The owner rushed her dog to the vet . The vet said he needed emergency surgery . The owner was n't sure how she would pay for it . The vet said he would do it for free . It was important for him to keep the dog healthy .	A dog was found in a gutter . The savior took it to a vet . The vet ran some tests . The dog felt much better . The dog lived .	PERSON 's cat was very nervous in a carrier at the vet . The cat meowed and meowed and was n't happy at all . The vet examined the cat and gave it shots . The cat yelped and got back in the carrier . PERSON tried to comfort the cat , paid for services , and went home .	PERSON 's dog was sick . He took him to the vet . The vet checked him out thoroughly . He could n't find the problem . PERSON took the dog home and watched him carefully .	PERSON noticed his dog was sleeping a lot . He tried to feed him but he would n't eat . Worried , he took his dog to the vet . The vet took an X-ray of PERSON 's dog . They were shocked to find several objects in the dog 's stomach .	PERSON 's dog was sick . She took him to the vet . The vet said he needed some medicine . The medication cost $ 200 ! PERSON grudgingly paid the vet .	Yesterday I had a vet appointment for my dog , PERSON . He seemed really nervous all day . When it was time to go I had a really hard time getting him in the car Once we got there he really liked the vet . I do n't think I will have a problem again .	I made an appointment for my dog to get a check up . On the day of the appointment , my dog was excited to go for a ride . The closer we got to the vet , the more nervous he got . At the vet she started to relax and even got a treat . She had a good day , and does n't hate the vet .
a new car	PERSON was interested in purchasing a new car . She did not have much experience in purchasing new vehicles . After doing research she found resources to help her with the task . The internet was a great resource , along with Kelly Blue Book . After doing research she purchased the car she liked .	My car broke down . I was tired of fixing it all the time . I decided to get a new car . I went to the dealer . I bought a car from the dealer .	Adam decided to buy a car . He went through some offers in the local magazines . He decided to buy blue Nissan Rogue . He came home on the new car . His girlfriend did not like the color .	I was driving to work . Suddenly , my car stopped working . The engine had died ! A few days later I bought a new car . Now , I did n't have to worry about engine failure .	PERSON was looking for a new car . He found one he liked online and went to check it out . The car had everything he wanted and more . PERSON bought the car . The car made PERSON very happy and he drove it often .	PERSON wanted a new car . Unfortunately , he could n't afford one . Luckily , the bank offered him a car loan . PERSON now had enough money . PERSON bought a new car .	PERSON needed to buy a new car . He researched many cars online . He went to several dealerships and test drove many cars . He finally settled on a car he liked . He negotiated a price and purchased the car .	My car is old and ugly . Children laugh at me when I drive down the street . This makes me sad . I have started saving money for a new car . I will happy when I have my new , beautiful car .	PERSON drove a thousand miles a week for work . She had bought a new car a year ago . The car had many miles on it because of her work demands . She wanted to get a new car but her trade in value was low . PERSON had to keep the car she already had .
the pie	Crystal had been baking all day . She made an amazing cherry pie . When it came out of the oven , she let it cool . Then she put ice cream on top . She ate half the pie by herself .	PERSON was making a fall treat . It was a pumpkin pie ! She carefully crimped the pie crust . She put it in the oven to bake . She could n't wait to slice it up !	PERSON liked to bake . She was making a pumpkin pie . She carefully crimped the crust . She baked it until it was golden brown . She could n't wait to taste it !	It was apple season ! Drew was making an apple pie . He sliced the apples and put them in the crust . Then he drizzled caramel over it . He popped it into the oven .	PERSON had picked a giant bushel of blueberries . She was going to make a pie with them . She rinsed them and then boiled them on the stove . She added lots of sugar , too . She could n't wait for it to come out of the oven .	PERSON wanted to bake something . She made an amazing blueberry pie . She put it in the oven and waited for it to be done . Eventually , the oven dinged . She pulled it out of the oven and it smelled great !	PERSON was making a pie for thanksgiving . She loved to cook , and she loved cherry pie . She measured , poured , stirred , and baked her pie . She marveled at the sight of the pie she made with her own hands . Her family gave her many compliments on her delicious pie .	Their kitchen was a pretty unremarkable place . It was like many other kitchens , but their was one exception . PERSON 's mom was cooking here and she was amazing . She baked a pie today and the smell was intoxicating . PERSON was finally able to taste the pie and it was sensational .	PERSON picked a lot of blueberries . She took them home and washed them . Then she made a pie with them . She served it to all her friends . They gushed over how good it was .
delivery	On Thursday we ordered takeout food for dinner . We like a nearby Italian restaurant . However , their delivery service is unreliable . We took a chance and ordered . Surprisingly , the food came within thirty minutes .	I was expecting a delivery the other day . The ETA said it 'd be delivered by 8pm but it still was n't here . After 9pm I called the company and they told me it was a mistake . They said it was delivered to the wrong address and they 'd refund me ! They sent me a refund , and also a brand new product .	There used to be this amazing Chinese restaurant by my house . They had the best chicken I 've ever had . The best part was that they delivered ! Too bad that they were shut down a few weeks ago . I guess I 'll have to find a new Chinese place .	They stopped were stopped at the border by customs officials . PERSON had hidden the stash in the well of her tire . PERSON played it cool while the agents checked their ID 's . After a cursory glance around the vehicle they were waved through . PERSON let out a sharp breath as they drove off into the desert sunset .	The manager gave me a package to deliver to a house . When I looked inside of it , there was $ 1000 dollars . Since I needed the money , I lied to the boss and kept the money . He argued with me a few days later since he received a complaint . I ended up getting fired .	The man delivered a package . It went to the wrong address . The customer called customer service . They sent another package . The man realized his mistake while delivering that package .	PERSON 's water broke one night . She hurried to the hospital . They set her up on medicine and encouraged her . She struggled through the birth of her baby . And after sixteen hours , PERSON became a mommy !	PERSON was hungry . He decided to order food from a local restaurant . He was excited to eat . But when he opened his food container , something smelled wrong . PERSON called the restaurant and asked for a refund .	PERSON was working from home and became hungry . PERSON decided to order delivery . PERSON browsed the various restaurants menus . He ordered from a new restaurant . The food was delivered and he enjoyed the meal .
pasta	PERSON made homemade pasta one day . He also made his own spaghetti sauce as well . PERSON invited his girlfriend over to help him eat it . They both loved the meal . Pasta is now a regular staple of PERSON 's diet .	PERSON wanted to make pasta for dinner . She set her noodles to boil . But she forgot to watch them ! By the time she remembered , it was too late . The noodles were overcooked and mushy .	PERSON had just arrived in LOCATION . He was starving ! He knew exactly what he wanted to eat . Since he was in LOCATION , he wanted Italian . He decided to eat a big plate of pasta !	She wanted to showcase her cooking skills . So she decided to cook pasta . She bought all the right ingredients . She cooked everything just right . Somehow the pasta tasted awful !	PERSON had a meal with his friend . He wanted to have a competition . He challenged his friend to an eating contest . They devoured as much pasta as they could . In the end , PERSON was clearly the loser .	PERSON always wanted to cook like her mom . She bought countless cookbooks . She would go to cooking classes . She finally got the nerve to have her parents for dinner . At the end , her mom said it was the best sauce ever !	I love eating pasta . Pasta is my favorite dish . I decided to make my own pasta . It took me many hours . It paid off because homemade pasta is the best !	PERSON made his own pasta when he ate lasagna . PERSON made pasta for his friends as well . PERSON had a friend who made her own sauce . One day Frank invited her over and they made spaghetti . Frank ended up marrying the woman .	PERSON loved pasta . PERSON went to the LOCATION LOCATION to eat . PERSON especially loved the unlimited breadsticks . PERSON did not stop eating when he was full . PERSON stopped eating when he hated himself .
PERSON 's day off	It was raining hard in PERSON 's area . She was on her way to work . The road in front of her was flooded . There was no other way for her to get to work . PERSON called her boss to say she could n't go in .	It was PERSON 's day off from work . He took the day off to go see the baseball game . He drove to the baseball stadium . He waited in his seat for hours . The game was delayed due to rainy for 2 hours .	It was PERSON 's day off . He took a relaxing stroll to the beach . While there , he took pictures of the waves on the shore . He even got a photo of a passing boat . PERSON felt much more refreshed when he went back to work .	PERSON woke up after sleeping in He felt very refreshed and ready to enjoy his day off He ate breakfast and brewed a cup of coffee He relaxed and watched the news for awhile before cleaning He later went shopping and got some groceries	PERSON finally got a day off from work yesterday . He woke up early in the morning to get a head start . He went to visit his sister for breakfast . They talked for a long time about the weather . PERSON was really glad to see his sister that day .	PERSON had an unexpected day off of work . The weather was supposed to be windy and rainy . So PERSON decided to stay home and watch movies all day . Unfortunately the wind knocked out the cable . So she wound up reading instead .	PERSON enjoys relaxing on his day off . PERSON 's son comes over to visit on his day off . His son and daughter in law are fighting the whole time . PERSON is very stressed out and unhappy about the situation . PERSON 's wife calms the two down and they leave shortly after .	PERSON had been working hard all week . He had today off and wanted to spend it relaxing . The first thing he did was watch some TV in his pajamas . Afterwards , he played some computer games . He was ready to go into work the next day after feeling refreshed .	PERSON had been working hard for many weeks and was missing his family . Finally , after what seemed like forever , it was his day off . He decided to spend the day playing with his children . They played soccer in the backyard for many hours . Despite playing hard all day , Dad felt ready to tackle the next week .
riding a bike	PERSON wanted to teach his son PERSON how to ride a bike . PERSON was hesitant at first since he had tried before and failed . PERSON encouraged his son to keep at it and promised it would come . PERSON was eventually able to keep the bike upright and stay on . He enjoys riding his bike now everyday after school .	PERSON liked riding her bike . She still had the training wheels on . One day her dad tried to teach her how to ride without them . She crashed and hurt her knee . Now PERSON wo n't even try again .	PERSON never learned to ride a bike . He is 17 Year 's old now . Last week he tried to learn for the first time . He fell over and over again . He feels foolish and has given up trying .	I was feeling very lazy one evening . I went outside and got on my bike . I rode down the street and listened to music . I went all over the place and felt a good workout . Later , I went back home and relaxed .	PERSON raced his bike down the street with training wheels . His dad took the training wheels off of the bike . PERSON and his dad practiced riding the bike without the training wheel . PERSON fell a few times and scraped his knees . After practicing , PERSON rode his bike without training wheels .	I wanted to learn to ride a bike . My father told me he would help . We went to the park and practiced all day . PERSON ran behind me until I learned to balance on my own . By the next day I was riding all by myself .	PERSON was afraid of trying to learn to ride a bike . He was scared of falling and getting hurt . His dad reassured him that he would be fine . Eventually PERSON learned to ride a bike . He fell down a few times but he was fine .	PERSON was learning how to ride a bike . His dad told him he would hold on to the bike . When PERSON looked back , his dad was far away . He panicked and rode straight into a tree . PERSON cried and said he would n't ride the bike again .	PERSON had decided to buy a bicycle . His thoughts were he was going to ride it to work to lose weight . Every morning he got up an hour earlier to prepare for the day . He got into the routine of riding his bike to work . PERSON lost 20 pounds in the first month .
movie	My friends and I decided on a movie night for one night . We got popcorn , movies , and sodas . We all showed up at my friends house and unloaded all our stuff . Eventually we secured our spots on the couch and sat down . We started the movies and everyone had a great time .	PERSON went to her friend 's house to play . They decided to make a movie . PERSON played the leading role . Her friends decided to show the movie to the whole school . Many kids are laughing at LOCATION 's acting skills .	PERSON was looked forward to see a new movie in theaters . He has been waiting to see this movie for a year . PERSON generously spent money on snacks in anticipation of the movie . PERSON realized the movie was n't what he was hoping for . PERSON left the theater disappointed .	I went to watch a scary movie . I was so scared before the movie even started . I had heard the movie was terrifying . When I saw it , it was actually not that scary . Now I wish I had n't spent so much money on the ticket .	PERSON was n't sure what movie to rent from Comcast . He searched around online for good reviews . Eventually he decided on a few good ones . He asked his kids what they wanted to watch out of the options . They decided on one movie and had a great night !	We went to watch a movie . We did n't know what we wanted to see . We chose a horror movie . We both enjoyed it very much . We talked about it all the way home .	PERSON really wanted to see The Ring . He asked PERSON to go , but he did n't want to . PERSON told PERSON he was a scaredy-cat . PERSON went to the movie alone . He got scared himself !	PERSON was watching a movie with her friend . They were at home in the living room . It was a new release that had just came out . The pair were enjoying the movie very much . It had been as good as the reviews suggested .	My roommate and I found out that we liked the same movie . So , we sat down together to watch it . We laughed and joked the whole way through . When it was over , we both agreed we had enjoyed it . We learned it was more fun to watch a movie together than alone .
death	I had never experienced the death of anyone before . I traveled to LOCATION to attend the funeral . Lots of people were there . I hugged his mother and best friend . I went back home crying broken heartedly .	My grandad never wanted to know me . My grandad never made an effort to know me . He died last week . Now I will never get the chance to know him . I will always have that hole in my life .	My mother begged me to come back home and help her . I never forgave her for the abuse . Somehow , I still could n't tell her no . I moved back to the house I 'd tried so hard to escape . I spent the next 2 years trying to make a life .	I was by my grandmother 's side when she passed . She was sleeping quietly in the hospital . We were all sitting around her talking . I looked at her and realized she was n't breathing . Her monitor flatlined soon after .	The next morning , my phone started ringing . I looked at the ID and saw it was PERSON , PERSON 's sister . I could n't answer it because I knew in my gut what she would say . I finally called her back and asked why he died . It felt like a part of me had died with him .	My friend was in TN for a court hearing . While he was there his stepmother had died . After the hearing he came back home to MA . He is driving up tomorrow for the funeral . He was very sad .	Once there was a woman walking . She was walking on the side of the street . A car swerved off the road and hit her . The car kept on going . She died instantly .	PERSON had a friend named PERSON . He recently died . PERSON was very upset . She went to his funeral . She spoke a piece about him .	My father went back to use the bathroom . I heard a loud bang just after he left the room . I ran back to see what happened . He had fell and hit his head . He died five days later from it .
beach day	PERSON decided to spend the day at the beach . The weather was supposed to be nice . It started to rain as soon as he got there . He had to leave . He was very upset .	PERSON and PERSON went to the beach on Monday . It was sunny and warm . They laid on a blanket under an umbrella . Eventually they went in the water . At 3 they went home .	PERSON wanted to take his dog for a special day . It was his dog Otis ' birthday . He loaded up the car with tennis balls and frisbees . Together , PERSON and PERSON played on the beach all day . They both returned home exhausted and took a nap on the couch .	It was very warm outside today . PERSON decided to take us to the beach . PERSON and I played in the sand . We splashed our feet in the water . I had so much fun , I was exhausted !	It was a beautiful and sunny day in LOCATION . The PERSON family decided to go to the beach . They packed sun screen , towels , shovels and buckets . When they got to the beach they built a large sand castle . What a fun family day !	Amber and PERSON were best friends . One day , the two girls decided they wanted to go to the beach . They packed up their towels and put on their swimsuits . After a quick drive , they were at the ocean . The girls had a lovely time playing in the waves .	The PERSON family loved going to the beach . One day , they take the family to their favorite local beach . The younger kids made sandcastles . The older kids went surfing . It was a fun day out for the entire family at the beach .	PERSON woke up and decided to take his family to the beach . It was a bad idea , he just did n't know it yet . The beach was a 4 hour drive . They did n't leave until 1 PM . His family did n't go in the water , but they go to see the sunset .	PERSON sat under her umbrella at the beach . She watched the beach goers wading in the water . A nice breeze flowed through her umbrella . PERSON grabbed a coconut water from her cooler . The beach during the summer is her favorite .
valentine 's day	PERSON was feeling bad because he was single on Valentine 's Day . PERSON called his friend to invite him for drinks . PERSON 's friend accepted his invitation , and met at the bar . At the bar , PERSON and his friend met two beautiful ladies . PERSON was feeling better about Valentine 's Day this year .	Valentine 's Day is one of the most romantic days of the year . Everyone goes all out to make it special for their loves . I made sure to make it extra special and have a big plan . I bought rose petals to put everywhere , and her favorite champagne . When she arrived home she was so surprised and thought it was great .	PERSON did n't have a boyfriend for Valentine 's Day . Her brother knew that she might feel sad this holiday . He sent her chocolate covered strawberries to brighten her day . They were delivered to her and she was pleasantly surprised . Her brother 's thoughtfulness made her Valentine 's Day special !	PERSON handed out Valentines Day cards to everyone at work . He had a very special one telling PERSON how he felt about her . He marked the envelope with a single heart . When he looked around the office he saw PERSON opening PERSON 's card . PERSON was now in love with PERSON .	Last Valentine 's day my boyfriend was out of town . I was sad that I could n't celebrate it . That night my boyfriend called me . He told me to look outside . I was surprised and happy to see his car in the driveway .	It was Valentine 's Day . PERSON got his girlfriend a box of chocolates . He surprised her after work with the chocolates . His girlfriend loved them ! PERSON got a big kiss from his girlfriend in return .	For Valentine 's Day , my husband and I planned to bike to brunch . In the morning , we were lazy and tried to talk each other out of it . We ended up talking each other back into it instead . On our bikes , we enjoyed the feeling the wind on our faces . Suddenly , my tire popped and we had to go back home .	PERSON needed to get his girl a gift for Valentine 's Day . He was really bad at buying gifts . She liked baseball , so he got her a mit . He nervously gave it to her . His girl loved it and gave him a kiss !	It was Valentine 's Day , but PERSON did n't stop by . PERSON turned the ringer up on her phone , but he did n't call . She looked for an email , but there was nothing . She checked Facebook and saw his post . There he was , smiling , arm around her best friend .
flying	PERSON was very nervous about his upcoming flight . He could n't sleep the whole night before the flight . In the morning , he threw up due to his anxiety . He took an anxiety pill to help him sleep before his flight . PERSON had no problem with his flight after he took his pill .	PERSON was going to visit her grandparents . She was going to fly alone . She was very nervous . The flight attendant was very nice . She made PERSON feel safe and comfortable .	PERSON was happy to be up in the air . For several years he had been trying for his pilot 's license . Today was his last training flight . The instructor reviewed his performance . PERSON got his pilot 's license and was finally able to fly by himself .	The bee was on the ground . The boy wondered why it was n't flying . The man said it was dead . The boy checked the bee . The bee was still alive .	When he was a boy , PERSON loved to watch planes . Every summer , is father took him to see plane shows . Upon graduating from school , he decided to learn how to fly . PERSON loved every minute of his flight school . After graduation , PERSON became a full time pilot .	Frank wanted to learn to fly . He decided to sign up for piloting classes . He met with his instructor to learn the basics . Frank had to study the basics prior to flying . In passing the basic test , PERSON was on his way to flying .	When I was a child , I believed I could fly as well as Superman . I put on a cape and got my father 's ladder from the garage . I climbed onto the roof and jumped off . I ended up breaking my leg and had a cast for 4 weeks . I no longer believe I can fly as well as Superman .	PERSON wanted to fly an airplane . PERSON studied for many years to become a pilot . After much hard work , PERSON finally became a pilot ! PERSON was hired by a big airline company . Because of his hard work , PERSON now flies every day .	PERSON was afraid of flying on an airplane . She decided to learn how to fly the plane . While taking flying lessons she conquered her fears . Now she is a pilot . She can help others be less afraid to fly too .
cheat	Peely Steel like to play shooter games . His ability to predict his opponent was his best skill . He outsmarted and outmaneuvered dozens of teams . Until one day he was caught betting on himself to lose . Now he 's banned from tournament play for life .	PERSON had a math test . But she had not studied . She decided to copy her partner 's paper . Luckily , she was not caught . She scored a B on the test by cheating .	PERSON cheated on his school essay . He plagiarized much of it . He thought he would get away with it . But somehow , his teacher discovered his crime ! She gave PERSON an F on the paper .	PERSON started cheating on his math test . He thought he was being slick . But his teacher caught him and called him out ! She made PERSON apologize in front of the whole class . PERSON was mortified .	I did n't know how to do an essay question on the test . I glanced at my classmate 's test and copied it . My teacher gave me my graded test back . He asked me to explain some concepts in the essay I had copied . Since I could not explain them , he gave me an F.	PERSON cheated on her math exam . She thought she was being slick about it . But the teacher caught PERSON cheating ! He pulled her aside and lectured her at length . Then he gave her a grade of zero on the exam !	PERSON thought her husband was acting strange . She noticed he was always on his phone texting . She checked his phone when he was in the shower . PERSON found out he was texting another woman . She confronted her husband when he got out of the shower .	PERSON and PERSON were playing a game of darts . The game was very close . PERSON had more points but they did n't know it yet . When PERSON counted his score he lied and reported more . PERSON believed him and so PERSON lost .	PERSON did not study for the test on Friday . He asked me if he could look off my test . I told him no . He looked off my test any way . Now he is suspended .
laundry day	PERSON walked into his local laundromat . An overflowing laundry basket accompanied him . It had been two weeks since the last laundry run . PERSON was looking forward to fresh clothes as he inserted his quarters . It was only then he noticed the Out of Order sign on his machine .	I needed to do laundry last week . But I was all out of quarters . I could have gone to the bank . But instead I just put everything in the closet . Now even my new clothes smell bad .	PERSON had a lot of laundry to do . He did n't want to spend any money . He asked his parents if he could do it at their place . They were glad to have him over . PERSON did all his laundry for free .	PERSON dreaded laundry day . It felt like every day laundry had to be done . The drug all his dirty clothes and sheets to the washer . They only thing worse than starting laundry was folding it . He sat there and sighed at the thought .	PERSON collected all his shirts and pants for laundry . He put them in the washer and waited for them to be done . When they were clean , he put them in the dryer on high . The dryer shrunk most of his clothes to make them too small . PERSON could n't wear them anymore so he gave them away .	PERSON needed to do some laundry . On laundry day he did n't have enough quarters . He tried to look around for spare change . He was n't able to find any . PERSON had to wait until payday to do it .	PERSON had to do the laundry . He took his own first . Then he had to grab his parents and siblings . He washed all the clothes together . Then he had to set the dryer to 2 hours .	PERSON hated doing the laundry . He always paid his brother to do it when it was his turn . This last time PERSON had no money . He offered several other things but his brother turned them down . PERSON eventually did it himself .	Laundry day is PERSON 's least favorite day . It takes so long . Then she has to put everything away . She wished clothes always stayed clean . She sighed as she started the first load of laundry .
broken chair	One time my brother was sitting in a recliner . I was behind the chair . I pushed down on the chair until the foot rest went out . Then the chair did not work properly . I was in trouble with my parents .	This morning I took a seat in my favorite chair . To my surprise , the chair broke . When it broke I fell straight to the floor . I ended up spraining my ankle . However it felt better with ice on it .	One of my favorite chairs was the wooden one I owned . I absolutely loved that chair . Unfortunately the chair broke . I was devastated . Thankfully I can get it fixed .	Yesterday I sat in my chair . To my surprise it broke right in front of me . I was very disappointed . I could n't believe it broke . But thankfully I was able to get it fixed .	PERSON was having a small party . His fat friend did n't find a place to sit . He wound up finding a chair tucked in a faraway corner . He sat on it and fell right to the floor and was embarrassed . PERSON tried to explain that the chair was broken to begin with .	PERSON bought a chair at an antique store . He got a good deal on it because it was slightly broken . PERSON decided to fix it himself . He went online and got a tutorial and tools . It took him a bit but PERSON successfully fixed up the antique chair .	PERSON had a broken chair . He kept it around for aesthetic reasons . Last week he had new people over . He forgot to tell them about the broken chair . ONe of them sat on it and fell .	One of Tim 's chairs was partially broken . He had a few friends over one night . A fat one sat on the chair . It broke underneath him . He was embarrassed even as PERSON explained it was already broken .	PERSON went to sit down one day . The chair broke and he fell down . PERSON was embarrassed in front of coworkers . He told his boss about it . The company got him a new chair the same day .
apartment	PERSON broke into the old apartment . He looked around and saw graffiti on the walls . He realized no one had lived there in years . PERSON recalled bad memories of his childhood there . He fell down and started crying .	PERSON needed to move into a new apartment . He needed an apartment closer to his work . He spent all weekend looking at apartments . He managed to find a nice and affordable one nearby his job . PERSON really likes his new home .	PERSON was moving to a new town . She needed to find an apartment . She had been looking for weeks . She finally found one with a vacancy . She was excited to move to her new place .	PERSON and jordan have an apartment together . They started hating each other . They stopped talking to each other . They decided to move out . Now they live separately .	PERSON just got a new apartment . He needed a refrigerator . So PERSON went to the store . He found a very nice refrigerator and bought . PERSON now had a new refrigerator .	PERSON moved into a new apartment recently ! She wanted all her friends to come over and see . PERSON was her biggest friend , so she came over first . PERSON really liked the apartment and said the bathroom was nice . PERSON was very pleased that PERSON liked the apartment !	PERSON was looking to move out of his parents house . He searched in the newspaper and online . He could not find an apartment anywhere . One day he passed a sign that said an apartment was for rent . He called the number and was able to move in the same day !	PERSON was late on his lease . He did not have enough money to pay it . PERSON asked his friend PERSON to lend him some money . PERSON agreed when PERSON promised to pay him back by next week . PERSON rushed to the leasing office before it closed .	PERSON had 2 weeks to get an apartment or else she would be homeless . All the arrangements were in order , except she had to get approved . The apartment complex denied her application for a bad rental history . She had to deal with being homeless , until her family gave her a place Through this , she realized how important family values are .
the new job	PERSON was ready for her first day at her new job . She was very nervous . PERSON dressed in her best outfit and headed out . The day was great . PERSON new she would love her new job .	PERSON got a new job . It was his first job after college . PERSON was very overwhelmed . He was eventually fired because he made so many mistakes . PERSON learned that life is n't as easy as he thought it would be .	PERSON was excited about working his new job . It was his first day and he was being shown around . PERSON worked in IT . He met with everyone and they all seemed quite nice . PERSON knew he had made the right move and was going to be fine .	PERSON was so excited . Today was the first day of his new job . He had tried so hard working towards getting this job . He walked into the office . He began working , thinking how lucky he was .	One day PERSON decided she wanted a new job . She went online and created her resume . She submitted her resume to a few job sites . She got a call from a pizza place for an interview . She went to the interview and got the job .	PERSON got fired from his job . He needed to find a new one . PERSON asked his friends if they had any job leads . One friend suggested a new restaurant that was hiring . PERSON got a job as a cook .	PERSON started a new job at the local Goodwill . She met many new coworkers , and learned her role . PERSON worked very well , earning the attention of the store manager . The store manager really appreciated PERSON 's work and attitude . The store manager offered her full-time employment , and she accepted .	PERSON desperately needed some money to pay bills . He decided the best thing to do was to start his own business . PERSON was really good at mowing lawns , so that is what he decided to do PERSON worked very hard to make his business successful , and soon it was PERSON soon had all the money he ever needed from his new business .	PERSON got a new job . He was unsure about how he would do . He was nervous on his first day . He felt he made some mistakes but made it through . His new boss encouraged him to continue trying .
mistake	PERSON was off work on Sundays , so she made a doctor 's appointment then . But as the date approached , she saw that it was a Tuesday ! She had mistakenly used last month 's calendar when scheduling . She had to call and reschedule her appointment . Luckily , they had an opening that Sunday .	PERSON was out at the mall with his friends . They decided to go into a department store to look around . One of PERSON 's friends thought it would be fun to shoplift a small item PERSON joined him , but as they were leaving he was caught . PERSON learned his lesson and never shoplifted again .	PERSON thought her dad 's birthday was on February 10 . She had planned a delivery for him . Apparently it was on February 9 . She could not change the delivery . PERSON felt bad for missing his birthday .	PERSON was a flute player . She took lessons twice a week . However , she was n't perfect . Halfway through the piece her class was playing , she messed up . PERSON cried and quit the band .	PERSON was at a traffic light . She could not see that light turn green due to the bright sun . People started honking at her . She finally noticed that the light had changed . PERSON was a nervous wreck when she got home .	Mark is an athlete that competes in Track and Field . He has a practice session where he practices his jumps . He was running late and decided to practice without warming up . When he jumped the first hurdle , he got a cramp . He decided to never train without warming up .	PERSON was lactose intolerant , so she order a burger without cheese . The waitress brought her a cheeseburger . PERSON told the waitress the order was wrong . She was quickly brought a new burger . This one had been made correctly !	PERSON made a mistake . His wife caught it . She made him fix it . PERSON did n't fix it properly . His wife lectured him thoroughly .	PERSON met PERSON at the library to study for the big test . They chatted instead of studying . On the day of the test they were both unprepared . Harry and PERSON failed their test . They vowed to never make that same mistake again .
PERSON 's	PERSON had a craving for PERSON 's . She asked her husband to go grab some food . Her husband wanted to eat Burger King instead . They flipped a coin to decide what to eat . PERSON won the coin toss and her husband got PERSON 's .	We went to PERSON 's in LOCATION for dinner last night . We had only gone to their take out restaurants before . We ordered drinks , dinner , and desserts . We loved the arancini appetizers . We were stuffed after the dinner .	My wife had a day off today . We went out to breakfast . Afterward , she dropped me off at home . She to PERSON 's to buy clothes for our granddaughter . She will be gone for hours .	I met my wife in 1980 . We went to dinner at PERSON 's , a German restaurant . Her family was insular and she had never been to a restaurant . She loved the experience . We go out to eat often , although PERSON 's is gone .	The PERSON family was driving down the road . It was slick and icy in mid-December . The father hit a bad patch of ice and skidded off the road . They ended up in a snow drift . They had to call for a tow truck to get out .	For my birthday we went to PERSON 's Deli in LOCATION . I have not been to a deli in LOCATION since 1980 . The clientele was heavily Jewish . The food was good , but skimpy . I was disappointed .	PERSON went with her grandma to get the mail at the road . There was a PERSON 's catalog in the box . PERSON could n't believe all the delicious looking meals in the catalog . Her grandma let her choose 3 meals to order . PERSON felt like an adult as she chose the 3 meals .	In May , my son , wife and I went out to dinner . We chose PERSON 's , a local restaurant . The food was good , but the service was terrible . Our drinks were late and we had to ask for water three times . I complained on PERSON but got no response .	My mom and I went to LOCATION . My favorite thing was a bookstore called PERSON 's . It was so big that when you went inside , they gave you a map . We were glad to have the map because we got lost . Luckily , a massive bookstore is not a bad place to be lost in .
chair	PERSON needed some new chairs . She threw away her old ones . PERSON went to the store and got more . She set up her chairs . They looked nice .	The man was overweight . His chair was not comfortable . He asked for a different chair . The company ordered a special chair for big people . The man was much more comfortable in that chair .	Do n't need a new chair . His cat had scratched his up . He decided to go shopping for one . However , he could not find anything he liked . PERSON decided to order something custom .	PERSON sat in a chair . The chair was old . The chair broke . PERSON fell on the ground . He decided to buy a new one .	PERSON loved sitting in his favorite chair . One day , it broke and he could n't use it anymore . After that , he purchased a new one . It was n't as soft though so he was sad . Finally , he got his old chair repaired .	I was sitting in my chair . I leaned back a little too far . I heard a tiny crack . I looked down at my chair . One of the legs had a crack .	PERSON 's school 's shop class was full . He was put into a Home Ec class instead . At first he was sad , but then he found something out . The teacher would let him make a chair as his project ! PERSON got to make a manly item after all !	PERSON wanted a new living room chair . He went to all kinds of stores . He found a store with a great sale . PERSON bought a chair . Now PERSON has the best chair out of all his friends !	PERSON had a very comfortable chair . One day , he realized it was getting old . He tried to get it repaired . Then , he found it was very expensive to repair . Instead , PERSON donated his chair to charity .
PERSON breaks down	PERSON is driving down the road . He begins to smell smoke from his car . He pulls over to check it out . His engine is blown up . He has to call a tow truck to tow him back to town .	PERSON is driving to a concert . He hears a noise coming from his car . He pulls over to see what 's wrong . He gets out and pops the hood . His engine is blown and he has to call for help .	PERSON is headed home from basketball practice . He hears a noise coming from outside of his car . He decides to pull over and see what 's going on . PERSON see 's a metal spike in his tire . He calls his dad for help and waits .	PERSON is driving his friends to a concert in a big city . He checks the car 's tires gas and oil before leaving . While driving to the concert he hears a ticking noise . The car then begins to blow out smoke from the front . PERSON 's has to pull the car over and get help .	PERSON was driving down the road . He noticed a sound from his car . He went out to look what it was . His engine was smoking badly . He called for help and waited for them to arrive .	PERSON is on his way back from a business trip . Inside of his car the engine light turns red . The car stops and he breaks down on the side of the road . Needing help he calls his friend PERSON . PERSON arrives in his black car to help .	PERSON was going to his company picnic . His car was making a strange noise . He ignored it and kept driving . A mile from the picnic PERSON 's car just stopped . He got outside and popped the hood and his engine was toast .	PERSON was driving to work . He heard a loud noise coming from his car . He pulled over to check it out . The engine was smoking very badly . PERSON sat and waited for help to arrive .	PERSON was driving down the road . She heard her car start making a noise . PERSON was so worried . She pulled into a gas station . Her fears were confirmed when her engine was smoking .
the vacation	The brents were excited to go camping this year . They were all packed and ready to go so they started driving . An hour into their journey they noticed a large group of bears . One bear attempted to charge at their car . They decided to go home instead , and they 'd try again next year .	The parents wanted to take their family on a vacation . They chose to go to LOCATION as the vacation spot . In LOCATION the family visited LOCATION LOCATION . In LOCATION LOCATION they saw the Pope and ate delicious food . After two weeks the family returned home excited for the next vacation .	The family went on vacation . They went to the amusement park . They had a lot of fun at it . They then went to the water park . They had a fun vacation .	The family had n't been away in years . They decided to take a vacation . They talked about what location would be best . They settled on the beach . They were excited to finally book the trip !	The kids were sick of school . Their mom agreed to take them on a vacation . They decided on the beach . They loaded up the car and headed to FLorida . It was nice to be away from school !	The family could n't agree on a vacation spot . Some of them wanted to go to a beach . Others wanted to go hiking . They agreed to go to LOCATION LOCATION . They had an excellent trip !	We went to LOCATION on a vacation . We were there in February . I wanted to be cool and go back to school with a tan . I stayed out in the sun all day the last day of our trip . I went home with the worst sunburn you can imagine !	The family went on a vacation to the beach . They found a good spot . They had a good time at the beach . They found lots of seashells . They took a lot of pictures at the beach .	The Johnsons always went to the beach for vacation . This year they decided to go skiing . They rented a cabin at a resort . They did snow activities . It was the best trip ever .
PERSON 's new friend	PERSON was really sad since her beloved pet cat passed away . Her friends told her she should get a new pet , but PERSON demurred . She thought no one could replace PERSON the Siamese cat . Her friends decided to surprise her with a gift of a new kitten . Despite herself , PERSON was immediately enamored of the new pet .	PERSON decided to try online dating . None of the guys she met were very compatible with her . One day , she met a nice guy named PERSON . They got along very well . Now , they 're best friends .	PERSON met a new friend in biology class . They plan to meet at the library to study . PERSON arrives on time and her friend is late . Her friend brings her coffee . PERSON is okay with her friend being late .	PERSON was very upset when her dog got sick . They had no choice but to put the dog to sleep . PERSON thought she would never get over it . One day , her friend surprised her with a new puppy . PERSON fell in love with the pup and felt a lot better .	PERSON and her mother went to go to the pound to pick out a puppy . PERSON liked the spotted one , but he was already adopted . She then saw an old dog in one of the kennels . PERSON decided that she wanted the old dog instead . PERSON and her mother went home with her new best friend !	Today is PERSON 's first day of kindergarten . She is nervous about not knowing anyone . The little girl sitting next to her introduced herself as PERSON . At recess , they played tag . Now PERSON has a friend and looks forward to going to class every day .	PERSON was a very lonely boy . He did n't play much with other kids . One day he was playing at the local park . He met another boy named PERSON . The two became best friends .	PERSON noticed a new boy at her school . She saw the boy eating lunch by himself . PERSON decided to introduce herself to the boy . The boy turned out to be very nice . PERSON was happy that she had made a new friend .	PERSON decided to adopt a cat . She went to the shelter , but none of them seemed right . Then she saw a little black cat at the back of the room . PERSON fell in love with the cat immediately . PERSON brought the cat home that day .
PERSON 's job	PERSON is really good at her job . She is an operations coordinator for a non-profit organization . She started working there a year and a half ago . Things in the department have been much better since she started . Many people hope she never leaves .	PERSON is very good at her job . She is a donor manager at a non-profit organization . All of her donors really like her and end up giving more money . The additional money exceeds PERSON 's goals and is good for the charity . Because of this , PERSON received a hug promotion .	PERSON needed a new job . She looked in the paper at listings . She found a job as a dog walker . PERSON went and interviewed for the job . PERSON now walks twelve dogs a day .	PERSON wanted to work at a ramen shop . He showed up every day to ask for a job , but the owner said no . Finally , impressed by his tenacity , the owner gave in and hired him . When he was hired , PERSON worked hard every day . However , he was no good at his job so PERSON was fired .	PERSON was hired for a job at a local bakery . First , PERSON mopped floors and organized supplies . When the bakers needed help , PERSON volunteered to help bake the pies . One day , the bakery was very busy and PERSON began to help customers . The customers buying pies loved PERSON , and he was soon promoted .	PERSON needed money . She decided to work from home as a call agent . The days are filled with calls for PERSON . The callers are grumpy . PERSON quit her job .	PERSON applied for a job at a restaurant . The manager called her the next day . She went in for an interview . The manager thought she was a good fit . She got the job and started the next day .	PERSON really enjoyed her job but did n't like her co workers . She kept working at her job even though she wanted to quit . One day , PERSON 's coworkers sent out a bad email to the whole office . PERSON was hurt and decided to quit that day . PERSON was happy to quit her job .	The daycare called PERSON . Her infant son was sick again . This was the third time in a month . PERSON went to tell her boss , who just shook his head . She spent that night looking for a new job .
ride	PERSON had always wanted to ride an elephant . He thought his family 's trip to LOCATION was the perfect chance . Then he heard about how cruel elephant training was . PERSON realized he could not be a part of it . He did n't get to ride an elephant , but he felt good about his choice .	One day I went for a ride . I took my time on my ride , since I was very bored . During this ride I listened to a lot of music and got some food . I went fast on the highway for a majority of the ride . When I was on my way home I stopped and got food for my mom .	PERSON was staying at her friend 's house . She needed a ride to work . PERSON 's friend said she would drive her . Unfortunately , the friend woke up late and thus , PERSON was late . PERSON took the bus the next day to work .	My wife took our car in for service yesterday . She had to take mass transit to work . She is not used to the MBTA , but managed . She planned to take the bus to get the car . Her co worker graciously gave her ride to the service station .	PERSON jumped on the chopper , ready to feel the wind in her hair . Pulling her phone out , she entered the coordinates in the GPS . The familiar voice instructed her to begin her route . PERSON revved the engine of the motorcycle . With a final glance behind her , she took off on the open road .	PERSON 's mom hated to drive . But PERSON 's best friend lived across town . Her mom saw her sitting around the house bored . To PERSON 's surprise her mother drove her to her friend 's house . PERSON was very grateful and happy for the ride .	We asked the dog if she wanted to go for a ride . She got very excited . She started jumping on us and howling . We got her pretty pink leash . She happily bounded out the door for a ride with us .	I was walking back from the store . It was a hot day . A man gave me a ride the rest of the way . He was a little rude to me . I thanked him anyway .	PERSON was driving down the road . He saw his friend PERSON walking . He stopped his car . He gave her a ride . Then he went home .
too late	The phone rang in the kitchen of PERSON 's house . He was in the basement when he heard it ring . He put down his work and ran up the stairs . By the time he got to the phone it stopped . PERSON cursed loudly and punched the phone .	I needed to catch a train . I was on my way to work . Unfortunately when I got there the train left . I was devastated . I learned to wake up earlier next time .	Something was wrong with PERSON 's beehive . The bees were obviously agitated and she did not know why . She called a beekeeper who seemed to know what the problem was . He would come out to split the hive since there were two queens now . He saw a swarm of bees cross the street and knew he was too late .	PERSON was struggling in math . He assumed that it 's not his fault although his friends are passing . There was a test tomorrow and he was n't prepared . He did n't seek help after school , from his friends nor the professor . Ultimately , he ended up failing the test and had to repeat the course .	I was hanging out with my friends at the park . My mom called me to remind me about dinner being ready . However , I stayed at the park for a few more minutes . I eventually left to go home . My mom told me that the food was completely gone .	My mom threw my homework in the trash . She tied the bag and threw it in the dumpster outside . I spent several searching for my homework . When she told me that she threw it away , I was frustrated . The rest of my night was spent completing it again .	PERSON and PERSON were identical twins who were separated at birth . PERSON stayed with her mother and PERSON was adopted . PERSON discovered records of the adoption in her mother 's papers . She found PERSON years later in a graveyard . PERSON had died before they could ever meet .	PERSON wanted to make it to the sale . Time was running out . She raced out of the house to go there . Finally she got there . But it was too late as everything was sold out .	Every day PERSON leaves for work very early in the morning . He liked to read the sports section on the bus . Every day , he took the sports section and left the rest of the paper . No one in the household read any other part of the paper . The paper stopped coming early enough , so he cancelled it .
writing	I was writing stories for a natural language processor . Suddenly , there was no more work . I lamented the loss of my income . Luckily , the researcher launched more work . I was thankful to continue working for him .	A man desired to improve his writing skills . He decided to type out a book by his favorite author . He did this many times . He enjoyed having those words , that language flow through him . He saw his writing skills improve .	There was a creative child who wanted to be an author . The mother put her in creative writing classes . She wrote for hours each day . At the end of the schooling she was really good . She was able to land her dream job .	PERSON got a job writing for the school paper . She was given her first article . She was so nervous and scared she would mess up , but wrote it anyway . She turned the article into her editor . The editor read her article and loved it .	PERSON had terrible writing . His cursive , however , was exquisite . PERSON decided to only write in cursive . PERSON wrote beautifully from then on . Many people complimented him on his cursive .	She wanted to become a writer . She sat in her room , producing short stories galore . She wanted to show them to her parents . One day , she wrapped them and gave them to her parents . They laughed , cried , and hugged her after reading them .	There was a kid who did n't like writing . The parents figured out that the kid could n't see well . They got the kid glasses . The glasses helped the kid focus at school . Now the kid was better at writing .	PERSON heard about a short story competition online . PERSON decided he wanted to submit a short story to the competition . So PERSON turned on his laptop . He wrote his short story in two weeks then submitted it . He won the competition .	PERSON wanted to write a story . He sat down with his notebook and pen . He brainstormed for about half an hour . PERSON thought of several dozen ideas . He picked one , and started writing .
friends	PERSON had always been shy , but he wanted more friends . Then he heard about a confidence class he could attend . The class taught him ways to be sociable and outgoing . PERSON followed the advice he was given at the class . Soon he was making friends easily and frequently !	PERSON does n't have any friends . He does n't mind , he likes being alone . His mother complains , though , and asks him to try . At school he asks his math teacher to be his friend . PERSON has one friend .	PERSON began a new job at the local sandwich shop . She worked alongside PERSON . They would talk all day while making sandwiches . They grew close over time . They eventually became best friends .	One day , PERSON sat next to her friend PERSON . They were working on a project for school . The project involved making a poster with pasted pictures and text . They spent all afternoon working on the project . When they turned it in , they received the highest grade in class .	PERSON has five friends . One day , her friends told her they did n't like her . They forced her to make new friends . After a week , PERSON had found a new friend . She is much happier with her one new friend .	PERSON made a friendship bracelet for her best friend . She used colored embroidery thread . After knotting it together , she added some beads . Then she put a shiny red clasp on the bracelet . PERSON could n't wait to give it to her best friend !	PERSON felt really alone . She had just switched schools . She did n't know anyone . She decided to join the school paper . She made a lot of new friends there .	PERSON and PERSON were best friends . They were often accused of only hanging out with each other . PERSON and PERSON thought maybe they spent too much time together . PERSON and PERSON each spent a day with a different friend . PERSON and PERSON realized why they only hang out with each other .	PERSON tripped and fell on her way into class on the first day . PERSON , PERSON 's friend from last year , snickered at her clumsiness . New kids PERSON and PERSON , helped PERSON to her feet . They did not laugh at her , they asked if she was ok . PERSON decided she would rather make nice , new friends .
the storm	One day a man sat down to watch some TV on his satellite dish . However , a great storm was forming above his house . His TV would n't show his favorite programs . Because he could n't watch TV , he rekindled his marriage with his wife . They were both better off for the storm coming in .	PERSON hated being homeless . It was hard to sleep in his car plus the police always woke him up . After class earlier today , he went to his car with no place to go . In the evening PERSON got drunk and a storm started . While PERSON watched the lightning , a cop showed up .	The clouds were looking dark and heavy with rain . Lightning flashed , and everyone could hear the rumble of thunder . The loud crash everyone heard was the sound of lightning striking . It struck a nearby tree , and the air was full of bark flying . The tree was split in two , and still somehow survived !	I was walking home from just like every other day . The clouds were dark and looming over head as I walked . Today I had forgotten to bring my umbrella . The rain started as if the clouds burst open . When I got home I was drenched from the storm .	PERSON was out on his boat one day fishing . Despite clear weather reports , he sensed a storm approaching . Soon enough he was surrounded by heavy rain and high winds . PERSON battled for hours trying to keep his boat afloat . He finally made it to shore safely just as the storms were subsiding .	Lightning seemed to fly through the sky and thunder roared . It was a magnificent sight that had not been seen in awhile . Suddenly a bolt of lightning struck the biggest tree in the vicinity . The tree snapped and caught on fire . Fireman rushed to the scene and put out the fire abruptly .	PERSON could n't go outside to play because of a thunderstorm . He also could n't play video games because the power went out . With nothing else to do he decided to draw . He drew Knights and dragons and castles . Eventually he had a finished a whole book about Medieval times .	They heard the weather forecast about the storm and were nervous . everyone went down to the storm shelter . They made sure to bring a flashlight and a radio . The storm came and it was violent . Everyone emerged from the shelter ok after the storm had passed .	My pilot PERSON and I were caught in a storm . I could see in the radar a fierce wall of thunderclouds all around . Getting desperate , I finally found a crack in the vicious clouds ! I told PERSON to turn right 20 degrees and I held my breath . We made it through just fine and PERSON later praised my navigation .
PERSON wins	PERSON was going to enter a contest . He had a cool new invention to show the world . PERSON entered the contest . The contest winners were announced . PERSON won first place for his cool new invention .	PERSON loved playing football , but he was n't very good . His coach let him on the team , but reluctantly . But PERSON decided to practice at home with friends . During the first game of the season , he scored the winning goal ! His teammates were so happy they cried .	PERSON makes a bet with his friend PERSON The bet is to see if PERSON can stay awake all night It 's around 3 am and clark pinches himself to stay awake He has to make it to 8 am to win the bet and has a cup of coffee . The coffee kept him up all night and he won the bet .	PERSON is in a talent contest . PERSON sings for the crowd . The crowd loves his singing . The judges all vote . PERSON wins the talent show .	PERSON was going to make a bet . He was going to make it a big one . He decided he needed to take on a challenge . He bet all of his money on this race . The day of the race comes and PERSON wins it all !	PERSON is a struggling college student . Her car is breaking down all the time . She hears about a contest to win a new car on the radio . PERSON enters the sweepstakes . 2 months later PERSON is notified she has won the a brand new car .	PERSON is running for president . He makes all kinds of promises . He tells the american people what they want to hear . The election comes . PERSON wins the people 's votes and becomes president .	PERSON is heading down to the track . He places a bet on a horse . He sits down to watch the race . PERSON 's horse wins first place . PERSON wins a ton of money the track that day .	PERSON is competing in a race . She is running as fast as she can . She passes by all the other racers . PERSON takes the lead and never looks back . PERSON wins the race .
lost keys	June had to go to work but she could n't find her keys . She looked everywhere and still could not find them ! Finally she gave up and called a cab . The cab came and took her to work , but then she looked in her purse . Her keys were in her purse the whole time !	PERSON lost her house keys . She could n't leave to work without them . It was n't until she decided to do so anyway that she found them . They were still on the door lock . PERSON felt dumb as she left to work .	PERSON always left his keys on the table by the door . When he had to leave fast this morning , they were n't there . He had to retrace his steps back to yesterday . But even then he could n't remember where he put them . He eventually left his door unlocked to go to work .	PERSON was running late to work . He realized he could n't find his keys . PERSON tried looking in several places . He got frustrated and it was harder to find them . PERSON eventually got late to work .	PERSON was trying to get to work . She could n't find her car keys anywhere . Finally she noticed a sound coming from her dog . He had been carrying them around the whole time . PERSON got the keys and ran out the door .	PERSON lost her car keys . She looked all over her house . She was afraid she 'd be late for work . Then she finally found them - in her front pocket ! PERSON shook her head at her own silliness .	PERSON went out drinking . He tried to drive home . He could n't find his keys . He had to call a taxi . A friend admitted to taking his keys away .	PERSON lost his car keys . He looked everywhere for them . He looked under his couch and behind his nightstand . He looked high and low , but could not find his keys . PERSON eventually found his keys in his coat pocket .	PERSON was running behind schedule . He needed to grab his keys and leave for work . But he could n't find his car keys . He looked all over his room , he even cleaned his room . He was ready to give up , picked up a book and found his keys .
video games	My friends were playing video games . I asked if I could play . They told me that I could . I picked up a controller . They beat me in the video games .	PERSON would n't stop playing violent video games around his son . He told everyone his son was too young to understand the violence . When his son turned one , his son started having bad nightmares . PERSON 's wife begged him to stop playing the video games . PERSON reluctantly stopped playing the games .	PERSON knew his son loved video games . So for his son 's birthday he bought him video games . It was delivered to his house . So PERSON wrapped it . Then gave it to his son .	I used to play video games everyday . My parents did not like how much I played games . They decided to try to get me to stop playing . They replaced my games with educational videos . Now I do not play video games anymore .	PERSON loves video games . He plays online games to make friends . He sees these friends at conventions . They meet up and have a great time . Video games brought a lot of joy into PERSON 's life .	PERSON asked PERSON if he would play videogames with him . PERSON accepted the offer . PERSON had to wait a few minutes while the game updated . PERSON 's game updated . PERSON was furious when PERSON started without him .	PERSON loves to play video games and plays them everyday . He 's about to graduate high school and does n't want to go to college . He is n't interested in anything except playing video games . His mom suggested he create his own and that inspired PERSON . He applied for college the next day to get a computer science degree .	PERSON new her nephew liked video games . But she was n't sure which kind he would like . She went to a video game store and talked to a sales associate . And she bought him a game she thought he would like . But it did n't work on the video game console he had .	PERSON just got back from the video game story . He ran over to his tv and turned it on . PERSON placed his new game in his system . He fired up his machine as he was shaking with excitement . PERSON spent the next 6 hours playing his new game .
ghost	Late one night , PERSON thought he saw a ghost in his room . Trembling , he got up to check . He crept over to the ghost . Then he reached his hand out to touch it . He was relieved to see it was just his jacket , hanging up !	PERSON was convinced there was a ghost in his house . His mom assured him that ghosts were n't real . PERSON was n't convinced so he decided to set a trap . He heard what he thought was a ghost and tossed a net over it ! Underneath the net was his dad and they both had a laugh about it .	Tim honestly believed in ghosts . His friends ridiculed him because of it . He became upset at their indignation . The realized that his feelings were hurt quickly . They apologized for being so insensitive .	My sister in law 's husband died while a young man . They had three children . The nine year old boy was very sad . One day he saw a man who looked like his father and he got scared . He ran home to his mother , thinking he had seen a ghost .	PERSON was sleeping when all of the sudden he heard something . He thought it was a ghost . He screamed for his dad . His dad came running into his room . His dad soothed him and he went back to sleep .	My wife 's nephew lost his father when he was 9 . He was scared of death . One day he was in the hallway of his building . He saw a man who resembled his father . He ran away , thinking he had seen a ghost .	PERSON was always interested in the supernatural . He decided to book a vacation to a haunted hotel . PERSON heard footsteps and loud banging outside his room . PERSON opened the door to see nothing there . PERSON checked out early from the hotel .	PERSON woke up in the middle of the night . He thought he had heard a noise downstairs . He tried to ignore it , but the noise sounded again . He was too afraid to get up and look . When he awoke , he saw that his cat had knocked over a vase .	We went on a ghost tour . They took us through an area that had activity We did n't see any but we heard some stories . Nothing too scary but it made you really think . So it was a fun interesting experience .
insomnia	I always have trouble sleeping . Lately my trouble with sleeping has gotten worse . I went to the doctor 's office because of my struggles . He gave me a check up . The doctor diagnosed me with insomnia , he had some medicine for me .	PERSON lay in bed hoping to fall asleep late at night . PERSON did n't have insomnia . But she imagined this was what it felt like . She was sure sleep would never find her as she closed her eyes . The next time she opened them the sun was shining .	PERSON has a hard time falling asleep . Sometimes she gets lucky and falls asleep within 30 minutes . But the sleep does n't last very long . She wakes up multiple times throughout the night . The Doctor has told her that she has chronic insomnia .	PERSON felt like a zombie . He had n't slept in days . He would toss and turn when he would lay down . His doctor gave him medicine . Finally PERSON could rest !	PERSON was not sleeping well . She had a lot on her mind , She decided to take a sleeping pill . Before she knew it , she was asleep . She woke very refreshed .	PERSON could never fall asleep . He tried all kinds of pills , prescription and OTC , to no avail . He worked a night job and struggled with melatonin issues . Then a doctor suggested he get a high-lumen bulb to help him . The light therapy did help him establish a healthy sleep schedule !	PERSON moved to a new place in a new city . She began having trouble sleeping . After discussing it with a doctor , she said she did n't have insomnia . She said PERSON was merely being kept up by the loud city noises . She prescribed ear plugs , which worked like a charm .	PERSON can not sleep . He feels that his room is too quiet . PERSON turns on the television . his room is filled with light and sound . PERSON falls asleep comfortably .	Colin went to bed early . But he was so nervous , he could n't sleep . He got out of bed and did some meditation . And when his mind was calm , he went back to bed . A few minutes later , PERSON was fast asleep .
the amusement park	The family was taking a trip . They went to an amusement park together . The kids rode all the rides . They met some cartoon characters , too ! They were happy to spend time as a family .	The couple went to the amusement park . There were a lot of rides to ride . The couple went all around the park . The couple had a good time . The couple was going to go back to the park .	The family was headed on an adventure . They were going to the amusement park ! They 'd never ridden roller coasters before . They stood in line for an hour for the new ride . At the last second , they chickened out !	PERSON loved roller coasters . She went to a local amusement park . She went on every ride several times . She rode until she felt sick . When it was time to go home , PERSON was exhausted .	The kids were so excited to go to the amusement park ! They immediately ran to the scariest ride . They rode everything in the park . Their favorite ride had a huge drop at the end . The daredevils could n't wait to go back again .	PERSON 's father said he had a big surprise . PERSON and her family got in the car , and drove a long time . Penny fell asleep in the back seat . When she woke up , they were pulling into an amusement park . PERSON loved the surprise .	PERSON and her friend really wanted to go to an amusement park . The park they chose to go to was one that they grew up going to . When they got there , they quickly realized something . Now that they were older , the park was not as fun . PERSON and her friend laughed as they realized the park was for kids .	The family took a vacation . Usually they go to their mountain home . This time they decided to go to an amusement park . They rode every ride . They all had a blast .	The family was taking a trip . They were going to the amusement park that had just opened in town . They rode all the rides . They also ate some great snacks . It was a fun day as a family .
brothers	PERSON 's brother , PERSON , was always playing pranks on PERSON . PERSON always got tricked and planned to get revenge . PERSON put super glue on PERSON 's comb . PERSON got the comb stuck in his hair and had to shave his hair off . PERSON laughed and PERSON congratulated him on finally getting him back .	PERSON 's parents had just adopted a little boy . PERSON was nervous about his new brother . He wondered if they would get along . Then he met the little boy , and they got along great . PERSON realized he was thrilled to be a big brother , after all !	Little PERSON did n't want a new baby brother ! But he was stuck being a big brother now . He decided to try to make the best of it . He began to play with the baby every day . Soon PERSON realized that he loved and adored his baby brother !	PERSON closed a door on PERSON . PERSON waited , then snuck up on PERSON . PERSON jumped out of the corner and terrified him . That caused PERSON to tackle PERSON and tickle him until he cried . Brotherly love is a funny thing !	PERSON was playing baseball in the house . He knocked over a china teapot . The teapot fell to the floor and broke . PERSON blamed it on his two year old brother . He was relieved that he would n't get in trouble .	PERSON was a small town cop and his brother the town bully . PERSON was always getting him out of trouble . One night , PERSON got a call that a man had been badly hurt at a bar . All the customers said it was PERSON 's brother that had hurt the man . PERSON had no choice but to finally lock his brother up .	PERSON had n't seen his brother PERSON for over ten years . When they met again , they barely recognized each other . PERSON had a beard and PERSON was bald . Despite their physical changes , they hit it off very fast . And they swore they 'd never get out of touch again .	PERSON and PERSON were brothers . They loved to do things together . One day , they decided to go fishing . They fished all day . They caught many fish , and had a great dinner that night .	PERSON missed his brother PERSON . He called and invited PERSON over for dinner . That weekend PERSON came to eat dinner . The two brothers chatted and caught up . PERSON was so glad to have seen his brother !
chess	On Sunday I played speed chess online with my friend PERSON . I lost the first game and won the second . I was winning the third game when the chess server went down . We started a new game , which I also won . PERSON said he would play tomorrow .	I played chess with my friend on the internet today . We used to play in person at work . We stopped when he got another job and I retired . We started playing on the net for convenience . We played five games , each winning two and drawing one game .	Today I played only two games on online chess . I played two speed games with my friend PERSON . I won the first and lost the second . Harry had errands and could not play . I continued to play strangers online .	PERSON invited his brother to play a game of chess . His brother was reluctant , but eventually accepted . They set up the board between them . PERSON easily defeated his brother in the game . He then realized why his brother had been so reluctant before .	PERSON was walking through the city park He noticed a group of people crowding around . He approached the group . He discovered an intense chess match . Terry soon studied chess and began playing himself .	Kia was playing chess with her dad . She had won two games in a row . But then she started getting too sure of herself . She slipped up and made wrong moves . Her dad won the next three games !	My online chess partner got home early today . We played three games . I lost the first game . I won the second but lost the last game . We intend to play again tonight .	PERSON was playing chess in the park . He was playing with an old man . The old man was too good . PERSON lost every game . PERSON smiled though because he knew he let him win .	PERSON loved playing chess against his brother . PERSON 's brother always beat PERSON . But PERSON was ready for his brother . PERSON went to his brothers house to play chess . PERSON finally beat his brother at chess .
flood	It rained for days . The river started to rise . As the river rose , the levies began to break . People who lived along the river , started to see flooding . The flood damage was never predicted .	PERSON knew the weather was supposed to get bad . She was not prepared for a lot of rainy . As she was driving home , she got caught in a flood . PERSON tried to drive through . PERSON 's car got stuck on the bridge .	Bukit Tinggi is a small village in LOCATION . Many tourists would come here to enjoy the jungle . They would stay at hotels along the river . After a day of heavy rain , the river level rose quickly . Many of the hotels and tourists were swept away by the flash flood .	It was raining really hard . The street started to fill with water . The water reached the car bumper . PERSON ran out to move the car . It was too late , the car would n't start .	All afternoon , angry dark clouds had threatened to burst open . Groups of children impatiently waited with paddles and rafts at hand . A clap of thunder signaled the beginning of the deluge . Mountains of rain quickly filled up previously empty ponds . Children rushed to launch their rafts upon the temporary lakes .	PERSON and her family lived in a small town . One day , it rained heavily near her neighborhood . The rains caused floods all across the town . Because of the floods , PERSON had to stay indoors all day . She was happy that she had an excuse to miss school that day .	It had been raining for days and the river was flooding . A barge had gotten loose and crushed some boat docks . PERSON and his family hoped that their boat was undamaged . They drove to the marina and had to detour because of the flooding . Their marina was much further inland but the boats were all undamaged .	Last weekend it rained seven inches . The reservoir filled up quickly and eventually overflowed . A flood warning was issued for the area . About an hour later people were ordered to evacuate . Later the next day the surrounding area flooded in two feet of water .	Christian wanted to do his own laundry . He put his clothes in the washer and put the detergent in . He used too much detergent . Soapy bubbles started to pour out of the machine onto the floor . Before he knew it , the entire floor was flooded .
river	PERSON skipped across the stones poking out of the water . He laughed back at us , standing on the shoreline . We were frightened of the fast moving river . PERSON should have been , too . He lost his footing on a slick rock , and drowned .	PERSON decided to visit a river . He donned his swimsuit . He applied his sunscreen . He drove to the riverbank . Rainy weather sent him back home .	The girls decided to take a trip to the river . The packed their swimsuits . They loaded their kayaks . They jumped in the water as soon as they arrived . The river was the perfect temperature .	PERSON was relaxing in the local river . He sat in an inflatable inner tube . It seemed like it was going to be a good day . Suddenly , PERSON heard a popping noise and began to sink . His inner tube had deflated .	When I was young , I almost drowned . I was playing with my sister by a river . All of a sudden , I slipped and fell into the river . I would have drowned but my sister saved me . To this day , she does not let me forget it .	The hikers approached a river . The river was to swift to cross . They searched for a place to cross . They could not find any place to cross . They had to turn around .	We camped down by the river and had a great time . We went the next week as well and it was a blast . The third week we invited some other friends and it was fun . That night one of our friends had a heart attack and died . We never camped down by the river again .	Today I went white water rafting down the local river . The water was rough and dangerous . I flew out of my raft and into the raging water . It was very difficult but I was able to swim to shore . I lost my raft and decided not to raft alone anymore .	The man swam in the river . He got caught in the current . He was having a hard time getting out . He floated down the river until the current got slower . He was able to get out of the river then .
roller coaster	PERSON hated roller coasters . He had always been afraid of them . His friends convinced him to get on one , though . PERSON had a surprising amount of fun . He decided to try going on more in the future .	PERSON 's family went to an amusement park . PERSON wanted to ride an upside-down roller coaster . She stood in line to wait for the ride . PERSON sat in the front seat . She screamed with delight as the roller coaster went upside down .	PERSON was finally tall enough to go on the big rides at the park . She was excited but also a little scared as she waited in line . The roller coaster looked bigger close up ! She got on with her dad who smiled encouragingly . It was scary but so much fun she rode it four times .	I was so excited to ride my first roller coaster ! I waited almost two hours in line just to get onto the ride . It took forever to get everyone loaded and buckled in . Our car went up and down and round and round . It was over much too soon .	PERSON thought that Roller Coasters have always been scary . Everytime she went to a carnival she would avoid them . Her friends decided to ride the roller coaster one time , so she joined While riding she discovered they are n't as scary as she thought She had a lot of fun , and decided she would ride them more often	PERSON is at the amusement park , but is terrified of roller coasters . Still , he wants to face his fears . He decides to ride the biggest roller coaster at the park . He is terrified at first , but loves the adrenaline rush . Now PERSON will always face his fears .	The PERSON family decided to visit an amusement park for Spring Break . The son decides he wants to ride the biggest roller coaster . The family gets in line and waits two hours to get on . While the son and daughter love the ride , the parents become sick ! After the ride , the kids beg PERSON PERSON and PERSON PERSON to go again .	One day , my friends and I went to an amusement park . One of our friends claimed he could eat anything and not throw up . We decided to test this , and we made him eat 4 funnel cakes . We proceeded to go on the fastest roller coaster we could find . After the ride , our friend threw up three times .	PERSON was at an amusement park . And all of his friends wanted to go on a roller coaster . PERSON was too afraid . And he made an excuse that he was feeling sick . PERSON noticed how happy they were afterwards and regret riding it .
breakfast	PERSON took a nap in the back seat of his car . He had been pulling long hours at the station . He heard a wrap on his window in the early morning hours . His partner lifted up a bag of PERSON 's Jr. . PERSON unwrapped the sausage biscuit and sipped his coffee .	PERSON 's friend PERSON stayed over one night . In the morning , PERSON wanted to make him a delicious breakfast . He made pancakes , bacon , eggs , and hashbrowns . PERSON had never tasted something so delicious ! PERSON was praised for his great cooking skills .	I wanted to wake up early enough to make breakfast . Instead of making it from scratch , I did n't have time . I gave up and microwaved biscuits with sausages . I told myself I would do better the next day . The next day I did the same thing again .	PERSON cooked two eggs for breakfast . She put the eggs onto a plate . She took the plate to her table . PERSON sat down at the table . PERSON ate her eggs while sitting down .	PERSON decided to cook breakfast for her family . Her family did n't like the food and threw it away . PERSON found the food in the garbage . She yelled at them for wasting so much food . They did n't know that she also threw her own food away .	Amber made breakfast for her kids . They both wanted something different . She decided to make what she wanted . Neither of them liked it . They went to school hungry .	PERSON was calming with her dad when she had a bad shock . The two had forgotten their pack of food ! Now they were stuck in the woods with nothing to eat . Eve decided to gather up berries and ruins from the woods . She made her dad a delicious breakfast from nature !	I had oatmeal today for breakfast . I made it with milk and maple syrup . I also had a glass of orange juice and a cup of coffee . I had a blueberry muffin as well . I was stuffed after this breakfast .	Kia was always running late in the morning . Her kids always dragged their feet and cost her time . Luckily , the kids ' school began a new program offering kids breakfast ! Kia was so happy to hear that ! Now she did n't have to waste time feeding her kids before school !
waitress	I went to the pizza place to find out the details of PERSON 's death . I asked for the manager but instead a waitress came walking over to me She just started waving her finger in my face as she told me lies . I was still in shock and was about to just turn and leave . That was when something came over me and I punched her in the face .	PERSON was a waitress . She worked at a bed and breakfast . She never got paid less than fifty dollars in tips . Today was an exception . PERSON made three hundred dollars .	PERSON laughed at the girl running around taking orders . He told her to go at her own pace and passed her a joint . The girl smoked it and got very mellow . Then customers complained about their food not arriving . The boss fired the girl for being so slow .	PERSON hated being a waitress . Last week she almost quit . Customers walked into her job five minutes before closing . They demanded lots of food and left a poor tip . She cried herself to sleep two days in a row .	When I was a teenager , I broke my wrist . A few years later , I started working in a restaurant . I could n't bear the weight of a full tray of drinks on my wrist . A family came in and ordered 12 Pepsis . I spilled them all on the father 's lap .	PERSON took an after school job as a waitress . She served food and cleaned tables . Her customers loved her , so they tipped her well . In one night she made almost a hundred dollars ! PERSON really loved waitressing !	PERSON got a waitressing job . She was very happy to have a job . On her first day , she found out what hard work it was . However , at the end of the day , her tips were worth all that work . PERSON has learned to really enjoy waitressing .	Needing money , PERSON got a job as a waitress . She saw how the other waitresses competed for the best tippers . PERSON determined to give every customer the same great service . Soon , she was mostly waiting on big families that left small tips . PERSON decided it was time to start competing like the other girls .	PERSON was sixteen when she started her first job as a waitress . She was excited to start , but also slightly nervous . She had trained , and thought she 'd be able to carry the tray . But on her first order she overbalanced , and the tray crashed down . PERSON realized she had a lot more to learn about being a waitress .
rainy day	I just checked the mail . It was raining outside but I did n't wear a hat . My mailbox was stuffed with junk mail . Thinking quickly I used the junk mail to guard my hair from the rain . Afterwards I threw it right in the trash .	PERSON wanted to go outside and play . Unfortunately , it was raining . She decided to make the best of it . She put her coat and boots on and went out to play in the rain . She learned there are lots of ways to have fun , even in the rain .	It was sunny when PERSON went for an afternoon walk . She wore light clothing because it was very hot . During her walk it began to rain unexpectedly . PERSON began to run home . PERSON was soaked by the time she arrived home .	The boy was playing in the yard . But then it started to rainy . The boy 's mother called for him to come inside . The boy still wanted to play . The boy decided to play video games instead .	PERSON wanted to go hiking . The weather was rainy and windy . He decided to stay in instead . He read a book and watched television . He figured he would just hike another day .	It was a rainy day outside . PERSON decided to stay inside . He made himself comfortable on his bed . He got out his favorite book and read for hours . When he was done reading , the sun began to shine outside .	PERSON was excited . He was going to the beach tomorrow . The next morning , when he woke up , he saw that it was raining . PERSON was not able to go to the beach . PERSON was very sad about this .	PERSON was out for a jog . It started to rain a bit . It was mostly light and fresh . PERSON decided to keep jogging . He enjoyed the cool misty spray .	PERSON was planning to go to the park with her kids on Sunday . When she work up Sunday morning it was dark and rainy . The kids were sad they could n't go to the park . PERSON instead came up with some craft ideas to do indoors . The kids had a great time making crafts with their mom all day .
lunch	As PERSON was walking down the street his stomach growled . He was hungry . PERSON went inside a restaurant . He ate a meal . He was n't hungry anymore .	I went to get fast food for lunch today . The line was very long . I waited and waited until it was my turn . When I got the counter , they were out of the item I wanted . I was very disappointed .	PERSON has n't seen her best friend in two Year 's . One day Jean called her best friend and asked her to lunch . Her friend said yes . They went to a local salad bar . The two friends reconnected and had a great time .	PERSON was getting hungry , his mom had given him $ 5 for lunch . But every place he went the food was seven or eight dollars . He was getting upset , but just then he passed by a new place . The sign said there was a $ 5 burrito lunch special . PERSON was very excited and he ran inside to eat lunch , smiling .	PERSON was going to the cafeteria for lunch . There was a really long line . PERSON had a good idea . She pulled the fire alarm ! After that she was the only one in the lunch line !	PERSON and his friends met up to eat lunch . They all loved Mexican food so they picked a restaurant for that . There were four people in the party so they sat at a booth . They all ordered their food and decided they wanted a drink too . They all enjoyed margaritas with each other .	PERSON forgot her lunch at home . She did not want to buy school lunch . She called her mom . Her mom brought the lunch to her . PERSON was happy she got to eat her home lunch .	The creature hid in fear . Some time passed . The creature poked it 's head out . A predator grabbed the creature 's head with it 's teeth . The creature was ate for lunch .	I had lunch with PERSON and Harry three years ago . Our wives went last time . This time PERSON said he was separated . Harry and I agreed that taking our wives might be awkward . So we are going solo this time .
train ride	Sue was on the train waiting for her stop . She got really bored . She tried to fall asleep , but she could n't . She then counted all of the passengers . Counting turned out to be very fun and exciting .	Since they were traveling to LOCATION the PERSON family too a train . They have been warned not to drive because of the traffic . They were anxious for the train ride . Along the way they all took turns looking out the windows . It was a smooth commute and they really enjoyed it .	PERSON took her 2 girls on a train ride . None of them have ever been on a train . The train was headed to LOCATION LOCATION . It was a 2 hour train ride . PERSON and her girls enjoyed the train ride .	PERSON had motion sickness every time he rode on a train . He used to take motion sickness pills before each ride . He went to his doctor to discuss the problem . His doctor told him that he needed surgery to fix the problem . PERSON opted to not go to surgery and just deal with it .	PERSON is commuting into the city . PERSON has been frustrated by the heavy traffic recently . A friend tells PERSON that he should try the train . PERSON gives the train a try and really likes it . PERSON finds that he is much more relaxed by using the train .	Tim always liked trained . He saved money for a trip . It took days and he had a nice room . He ate at the restaurants on board . PERSON loved the experience .	When I and my brother PERSON were little , our grandfather visited . He had flown from LOCATION to our home in LOCATION LOCATION . Granddad said he came with a surprise . The following morning he drove us to the train station . He took us on our first train ride .	PERSON had never been on a train . He decided to take a train ride . He bought himself a ticket at the depot . Then he eagerly boarded the train . As it pulled away from the station , he beamed with joy !	This year PERSON and his sister were riding a train ! Their parents had arranged a ride in the mountains . They were only on the train a short time before it started go up . The mountain was so steep it seemed like it would n't make it . But it chugged along , making it all the way to the top .
spaghetti	PERSON was boiling spaghetti . She received a phone call and ran upstairs . The smoke alarm started going off . When she got downstairs , spaghetti had run out of water . She had burnt her spaghetti noodles .	We did not have that much in common . I tried to make small talk with her . The seat next to her was empty . We ate at a fancy restaurant . My track team had decided to go out .	PERSON was cooking spaghetti for her family . Everything was going great . All of a sudden , she spilled red pepper in the sauce . Sue could not get it all out in time . She tasted the sauce and it was ruined .	PERSON loved to make spaghetti . Her sauce was always the best . This time something went wrong . She could n't figure it out . Then she realized she forgot the garlic .	PERSON loved to cook . He was a very creative cook . He enjoyed taking old recipes and making them new . PERSON made some spaghetti with a bunch of pizza toppings . Everyone loved his new spin on spaghetti .	PERSON was boiling spaghetti noodles for her dish . She got distracted while cooking . When she finally came back to the kitchen , her pot was out of water . Her noodles were burned . PERSON could not believe she had burned noodles .	Spaghetti was a favorite of the Windsor household . They would have it every friday for dinner . The mother would make the pasta just right . And the dad would make the sauce . They got sick of spaghetti after a while .	PERSON wanted to cook her boyfriend dinner . She decided to cook spaghetti . She made the sauce from scratch and boiled the noodles . She even grated fresh parmesan cheese . Everything turned out perfectly and he loved it .	PERSON decided to make spaghetti for her mother 's birthday dinner . She had never made spaghetti before . She did her best , but it was awful . Her mother told her that practice makes perfect . Now PERSON practices cooking every chance she gets .
bike	PERSON was riding his bike quickly to get to work . The sun was directly in his eyes and made it difficult to see . He heard a honking horn and slammed on his breaks . He flipped over the handlebars but fortunately landed on grass . PERSON walked away with only a few scratches .	PERSON 's dad took the training wheels off her bike . She was nervous . At first she wobbled . Then she straightened out . PERSON was riding like a pro !	PERSON was about to turn five years old . All the kids in his neighborhood had a bike but him . PERSON asked his parents if he could please have a bike as well . Finally the day of his birthday party came . PERSON was so excited because he got the bike he always hoped for .	PERSON rode his bike every day to work . Most days PERSON felt great about riding his bike . He felt healthy and he felt very environmentally conscious . One day , PERSON was almost hit by a car on his bike . PERSON was scared to ride his bike to work after that .	PERSON went to a garage sale . He 's been needing a bike for a while . He saw the person was selling one . They allowed him to try it out . He bought it	PERSON was still on training wheels , but came home with new scrapes . His parents started getting worried and asked what happened . He would always reply nothing and go on like normal . One day Dad was coming home and noticed PERSON on his bike . He was no longer using training wheels and his parents were relieved .	PERSON wanted a new hobby . He bought a bicycle . He took the bicycle to the nearest trail . He had a lot of fun riding the trail . PERSON knew he had found his new hobby .	PERSON and PERSON were riding their bikes . While they were riding to the mall , the wheel gave way . The wheel flew off the bike . They had to wheel the bike back . They decided to throw it away .	Day really wanted a new bike . His old bike was beat up and too small ! So he began selling newspapers to earn money . Each morning he got up two hours early to peddle his papers . And within a month he 'd earned enough for a big new bike !
the bike	The mom bought herself a bike . Her kids liked to bike , so she decided that she would join them . They started riding every day . They worked their way up to ten miles . Biking had become their new favorite hobby .	PERSON had saved his money for weeks . He went to the store to buy a bike . He bought a flashy green bike with a headlight . PERSON felt great zooming around the neighborhood . He could n't wait for all his friends to see it !	PERSON needed a new bike . His old one fell apart . His mom took him to the store . He bought a bright red one ! He road his new bike all day !	PERSON got a bike for his second birthday . His mom went to put it together . First she built the frame . Then , she put the small bits on . Finally , she added some decorative stickers .	PERSON saw a bike that he wanted in a store window . Because his family was poor they could not get PERSON the bike . So PERSON decided to get a job as a paperboy . He saved all of his money that he earned daily . Eventually PERSON was able to purchase the bike for himself .	PERSON wanted to buy a bike for a long time . PERSON spoke with his family members about buying the bike . PERSON 's family members were against him in buying the bike . PERSON bought the bike anyway . PERSON 's family members finally let him keep the bike .	PERSON needed a new bike . He went to the store and test drove each one . He decided on a mountain bike . It had big wheels . He rode it home and showed it to all his friends .	PERSON rode his bike to work . He brought his bike into his office . His boss saw the bike . His boss informed PERSON that the bike had to go . PERSON rode his bike home .	I once had a green bicycle . I was a very nice bike . I could n't let anyone ride it though , even if I 'd liked . It made everyone sad that they could n't ride my bike . Eventually i got a new bike so that people could ride it .
scared	PERSON did n't believe in ghosts . One night , though , she heard footsteps in her living room . She opened her eyes and saw a strange light moving in her house . PERSON was terrified . She had to admit that ghosts were a possibility , after all .	PERSON knew he had to see the dentist . So he made an appointment . But he kept delaying it because he was scared . And eventually , he never saw the dentist . But when his teeth got bad enough , it was too late .	I was watching the news . There was a featured story about ISIS . I started to fear for my life . I decided to turn that fear into bravery . I joined the military so I could fight ISIS .	Kia 's parents let her stay up late to watch a movie . The movie featured dinosaurs , and it was very scary . That night she had a nightmare about dinosaurs . Kia decided not to watch any more late-night horror movies . She did n't want to have any more nightmares !	PERSON was always easily spooked . PERSON went to the movies with his friends . They saw a very scary horror movie . PERSON was pretty shaken up by the content of the movie . That night , PERSON slept with all his lights on !	PERSON had stolen a thousand dollars from her and her husbands ' safe . She had spent it on drugs . They were planning to buy a home with the money . Now what was to be done ? PERSON tried to think of a quick solution .	There was a loud noise outside . The woman felt scared . She called a friend . The friend came over . They could not find the source of the noise .	PERSON was always nervous leaving work . Her car was parked in a parking garage . One night , she heard footsteps and was soon attacked by an assailant . She got away and called the police immediately . She decided to pay more for outside parking and carried weapons .	I wrote a book called Angel Investor but was scared to sell it . Other writers told me do n't sell it but I needed the money . I asked some professional writers What Should I Do ? Those professional writers said Go For It . I placed my ebook on AMAZON DOT COM and now it 's a bestseller .
trampoline	PERSON had a trampoline outside in her backyard . She liked to play on it often . One day she ripped it by jumping on it too hard . She broke her ankle in the process . PERSON did n't go outside much after that .	PERSON bought his family a new trampoline . They were scared to bounce on it . PERSON climbed on to it and jumped up and down . When they saw it was safe , his family joined him . Now PERSON ca n't get them to stop , they 're having so much fun .	PERSON and PERSON decided their children had earned a trampoline . They decided they wanted the trampoline level with the ground . They called the utility department and found the perfect spot to dig . PERSON and PERSON worked hard to dig a hole the trampoline would fit in . They put the trampoline together and the kids were very excited .	PERSON found a used trampoline for sale online . He took his truck to go pick it up . PERSON came home with the trampoline . He set it up in his backyard . His kids love the trampoline !	PERSON had a brand new trampoline ! She invited all of her friends over to have a trampoline party . Five people came to the party . They all had a blast jumping on the trampoline . One of them fell off , hit his head , and died .	I walked outside , feeling bored . I was so sick of all the responsibilities life threw at me . I climbed up onto the trampoline . I started to jump freely , smiling . I really enjoyed the temporary escape from reality .	The PERSON boys had asked their parents for a trampoline . For Christmas , they got one and quickly set it up . The trampoline was so much fun . The boys were worn out from jumping on it all day . They thought it was the best gift they had ever gotten .	I bought a large trampoline for the backyard . I set it up next to a large tree . The kids jumped on the trampoline and grabbed a branch . They swung on the branch and into the pool . They did this all day long .	PERSON was a middle school student . His neighbor was one year older than him . His neighbor had a trampoline in their backyard . They had fun wrestling each other and playing on the trampoline . PERSON eventually got a trampoline by asking his parents for one .
baking	Today i decided to bake some cookies . i was looking forward to eat some too . I got distracted and forgot to take them out of the oven in time . All of the cookies were burned ! I was very upset , but decided to do another batch .	I decided to bake some bread . First , I put all the ingredients together . After that , I let the dough rise . Finally , I baked the dough into bread . The bread came out delicious !	PERSON was making a cake for her mom 's birthday . She accidently put baking powder instead of flour . The cake overflowed in the oven and made a mess . PERSON did n't know what to do , so she decided to make cookies instead . PERSON 's loved the cookies .	PERSON was making chocolate chip cookies with her daughter . Midway through , they discovered a problem . They were out of chocolate chips ! Then PERSON thought of a substitute . They mixed in chopped nuts instead and made delicious cookies !	PERSON wanted to bake a cake . He did n't know how to bake a cake . He found a recipe on the internet PERSON went to the store to find the ingredients . PERSON baked his first cake .	Young PERSON had always loved watching her grandmother bake . She loved the wonderful sights and smells of the food being made . One day she decided to make cookies all by herself . But when she was finished , the cookies were burnt and misshapen . In spite of that , PERSON was determined she would learn to bake .	PERSON and her mother loved to bake . Sunday morning , they both woke up early . They ate breakfast and went into the kitchen to start baking . They made cookies and cake . PERSON and her mother enjoyed their Sunday baking .	PERSON wanted to try her hand at baking . She started with pre-made cookie dough . Pre-made cookies tasted good so she decided to try it from scratch . A breeze came in and turned the page in the recipe book she was using . The cookies were terrible , so she vowed never to bake again .	PERSON loves to cook . She often tries different meals from recipes she reads about . One day she decided to try baking . She discovered she was very good at it . PERSON now bakes for a living .
truck	PERSON thought his truck was faster than all other trucks . PERSON felt the same about his truck . One day they decided to race . PERSON 's motor blew up . PERSON won the race .	PERSON was a high school student . PERSON parents went out of town often . PERSON let his friend drive his dad 's expensive SUV offroad . The friends had an amazing time offroading in the nice car . They had one of the best experiences of their lives offroading .	PERSON wanted a toy truck to play with . His mommy told him she would try to buy him one . On his birthday he got a cake , but no toy truck ! He tried to act happy as he went upstairs to bed that night . Then he saw , on his bed , a brand new toy truck waiting for him !	PERSON loves trucks . One day PERSON saved up enough money for a new truck . He decided to get a green truck . PERSON crashed the truck on the way home . Now PERSON has no truck and no money .	PERSON was a farmer . He needed to get his hay to market . PERSON decided he would buy a truck . After PERSON bought the truck , he was able to sell the hay . Now PERSON uses the truck every day !	PERSON got a new truck . It was black with big wheels . He was riding it rough near a cliff . PERSON lost control at the peak of the cliff . He rolled his truck a hundred feet down a ravine .	PERSON rode her bike . She crossed an intersection . She was hit halfway through . The truck did n't stop to help her . She went to the hospital .	We had a golf trip that we drove to . Three of us rode in my brothers truck . The one guy would put soda cans on the dashboard . That 's how he would judge his driving . If the cans fell off he said he was driving too crazy .	PERSON saw a truck outside . Her dog started chasing the truck . The man in the truck stopped driving . He got out of his truck . The man petted PERSON 's dog .
sleepover	The girls gathered at their friend 's house . They all laid out their sleeping bags . The curled up in the floor together . They watched scary movies all night . The first girl to fall asleep had her underwear frozen .	We had my niece sleepover for a big day . We wanted to make sure she had a great time . So we picked out some movies for her to rent . We also got her favorite , chocolate milk . She had such a good time enjoying it all .	We invited my niece for a sleepover . It was her first sleepover and she was so excited . She got her clothes and books and stuffed animals all packed . She then was dropped off at our house and we played games all day . We had Sundaes for dessert and she told us it was her best day ever .	PERSON was at a sleepover at her friend 's house . She woke in the middle of the night . She 'd had a bad dream and she wished her mom was there ! But PERSON did n't want to wake her friend and embarrass herself . Instead , she just lay quietly until she fell back asleep .	PERSON had her friends over on Saturday night . They watched movies and ate popcorn . But then they realized it had gotten very late ! PERSON 's friends all called their parents and asked to stay over . PERSON 's night turned into a two-day sleepover !	PERSON wanted to have a sleepover . He invited five of his friends and waited patiently . Once everyone arrived , they ordered pizza and ate it . Afterwards , they played with their video games and action figures . PERSON and his friends did n't go to sleep until almost twelve .	PERSON wanted to have a sleepover . She invited all of her friends . They watched scary movies . They all had a hard time going to sleep . Nobody wanted to wake up the next morning .	The girls had a sleepover . They watched movies . They ordered pizza . They ate a ton of candy and chips . They had more fun than they ever imagined .	PERSON was sleeping at a friend 's house . It was her first time away at a friend 's house . PERSON was scared and missed her home and family . She called her mom to pick her up . PERSON went home to sleep in her own bed .
television	Cole loved to watch television all the time . His parents worried that he would never find a job , though . Then Cole realized that he would be a great TV producer ! So he studied hard - and watched a lot of television . After college , Cole earned great money producing TV shows !	PERSON turned on the television . NOthing happened . He tried again but noticed the power had gone out . PERSON sighed and twiddled his thumbs . He did n't know what to do without the electricity .	The man turned on the television . There was breaking news on the screen . Something very bad had happened . The man turned off the television . He tried his best not to think about the event .	PERSON loved to watch TV . She watched a lot of programs every day . One day , the company decided to not air the shows . PERSON was furious ! She called in and was able to have her shows returned .	PERSON saved his money and bought an expensive new television . He decided he wanted to mount the television on his living room wall . He mounted the television and stood back to admire his work . Suddenly , the television came crashing down ! The television screen shattered to pieces and was ruined .	PERSON and his wife has been watching TV to cure their boredom . He has been flipping through channels for the past fifteen minutes . Annoyed , PERSON 's wife told him to just pick something . PERSON settled for a comedy movie that was playing . They begrudgingly watched uninterested for the rest of the night .	Television is a scary thing . They can show almost anything on it . Yesterday , there were three shows on cooking . This got me thinking I was hungry . I made a sandwich to satisfy my craving .	PERSON 's television stopped working one morning . PERSON decided this would be a good time to buy a new one . When PERSON arrived at the store , he felt overwhelmed by his options . An employee helped him narrow down his options based on quality . PERSON bought the biggest and most expensive television .	My television stopped working . I drove to the department store . I saw a brand I liked . I purchased the television . I replaced my old television with the new one .
PERSON 's trip	PERSON and his brother PERSON took a trip to LOCATION . They explored mountains and rode a scenic train . PERSON took pictures while PERSON explored caves . PERSON dropped his camera when he saw a bear . He bought a new one at the souvenir shop .	PERSON was reading a travel brochure . He then realized he had a myopic view of the world . PERSON booked a month long trip to LOCATION and left the week after . All of the new experiences PERSON had there were educational and fun . PERSON returned to the LOCATION feeling fulfilled and with a new perspective .	PERSON was going out of state on a business trip . He thought his company had booked a hotel room . The company was n't able to book Chuck a room . PERSON paid for his own room on the trip . The company later reimbursed him .	Karen 's job requires long hours at work . She works upwards of 80 hours per week . PERSON decides that she needs to relax and have some time off . She books a vacation to LOCATION . PERSON travels to LOCATION and has a very relaxing vacation .	PERSON had n't seen her friend in ages . She had two weeks vacation saved up and decided to go visit him . PERSON did n't think her car would make the long trip . When she told her friend this he offered to come and get her . Everything worked out and the two had a great vacation together .	PERSON called me earlier . She was hoping to come visit this summer . We talked for a while on the phone . We made plans for her trip . She will be coming in August .	PERSON always dreamed of going to LOCATION . She entered a magazine sweepstakes to win her dream trip . She was so surprised when she got a letter informing her that she won ! She chose LOCATION as her destination . She flew to LOCATION 3 months later .	PERSON wanted to go on a trip to LOCATION . She started doing research on the trip . She decided to book a week long trip . She left the next day for her trip . She had the best time ever on her trip .	One day , PERSON 's family went on a trip to the zoo . PERSON went to see the lion 's den with his sister . PERSON walked up to the den and tapped on the glass . One of the lions leaped into the air and swung a paw at PERSON . PERSON was scared to approach any other animals from then on .
the zoo	PERSON and his mom went to the zoo . They saw monkeys , tigers , lions , and even penguins . They also talked with a zookeeper about the animals . They spent all day at the zoo , having an amazing time . On the way home , PERSON told his mom he wanted to be a zookeeper .	PERSON and his son went to the zoo . His son was very fond of monkeys . The went to the monkey enclosure at the zoo . His son mocked , and ran along side the enclosure with the monkeys . His son had such a good time he fell asleep smiling on the ride home .	I decided I wanted to take my family somewhere special . We all love animals so I decided the zoo was the perfect outing . We walked around the entire zoo seeing all sorts of beautiful animals . We saw lions , monkeys , elephants , giraffes and so many others . It was a very memorable day with the whole family .	The family was at the zoo for an outing . They loved looking at all of the animals . The kids loved seeing the elephants the most . At the end of the day , they were exhausted . It 'd been a great trip to the zoo !	PERSON took her kids to the zoo . The kids loved to watch the elephants . The elephants were squirting water on each other . The kids laughed at the elephants . They could not wait to go back to the zoo .	Miss PERSON took her kindergarteners to the zoo . They went to the penguin exhibit first . While there , they were able to feed the penguins . They went back to school that afternoon . They can not wait to go back .	PERSON 's parents took her to the zoo . She wanted to visit the monkeys . PERSON had been reading a book about monkeys . She was scared of the monkeys when they started yelling . PERSON tried to hid behind her mother .	My five years old son and I went to the zoo . He wanted to visit all the animals . He fed the birds and the elephants from a distance . After the day was over , he thank me for the time I spent with him . My heart was full for joyed .	One day PERSON and his friends went to the zoo . They got some ice cream on the way there . They got to feed the ostriches . On the way home , they stopped at Burger King for dinner . They agreed they all had a great day .
umbrella	Kia had to walk home every day after school . One day it was raining badly . She had forgotten her umbrella ! Luckily , a stranger offered Kia his own umbrella . Kia was very grateful for his kindness .	PERSON was walking home from school . And it was a really hot day . But blocking the sun with his books helped a lot . He decided to buy an umbrella . And he was much cooler while walking around in the sun .	PERSON decided to walk to a park . But the bright sun really irritated him . So the next time he brought an umbrella . And he was able to walk much farther . PERSON brought his umbrella with him everywhere .	It was raining when i 'm going to school . I left my umbrella on the rack outside the door . After class i noticed one guy took my umbrella . I shout at him why did he get my umbrella but he ignored me . When i look at rack my umbrella is there and i feel so ashamed .	PERSON needed to go shopping . A sudden thunderstorm started . He ran from his car to the store doors . He ended up soaking wet . Now he keeps an umbrella in his car .	It started to rainy on PERSON 's walk home from school . She dug into her backpack hoping to find a newspaper . But then she found something better . Her mom had slipped an umbrella into her pack that morning . PERSON was so happy and grateful !	PERSON went to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION to visit a friend . She and her friend walked to the LOCATION LOCATION . It started to rain . PERSON brought an umbrella from a street vendor . The umbrella flipped inside out and blew away !	It was a windy , rainy day as PERSON ran errands downtown . A sudden gust ripped her umbrella out of her hand ! It went sailing off down the street . Luckily , a kind passerby caught the umbrella and returned it to her . PERSON thanked the Good Samaritan profusely !	I used to have an umbrella . I lent it to my friend once when it was raining . I told him to give it back before it rained again . He ignored me and kept the umbrella . Now it is raining and I do n't have an umbrella .
PERSON 's dream	PERSON listened to the singer in awe . She was seven years old , but she wanted to be just like that singer . When she was nine , her parents bought her a piano . She followed her dreams and began performing at age eighteen . PERSON never forgot the night she first decided to become a singer .	PERSON always admired his older brother . His older brother was a talented rapper . In his free time PERSON began to practice rapping to himself . As he grew , he began to record his own music at home . PERSON now sells his music online across the globe .	PERSON dreamed of being a pro gamer . PERSON played League of legend and climbed the ranks . PERSON got recognized for his skill and was asked to join a pro team . The team was to compete at a large tournament . The team lost their first game in the tournament and disbanded .	PERSON wanted to be a pro ball player . He worked hard everyday . He wanted to make his dreams a reality . So he got a tryout with a team . He played the game of his life and the team signed him .	PERSON wanted to be an astronaut when he grew up . As a kid , he played with toy rockets and space men . When they closed the space shuttle program , PERSON was sad . He knew he still wanted to reach the sky . Now , PERSON is working on getting his pilot 's license to fly planes .	PERSON 's life long dream was to meet PERSON PERSON . He went to Nascar 's Daytona Race Track . He paid for a VIP Pit Pass . Once on Pit Row , he looked everywhere for PERSON PERSON . He met him and got his autograph .	LaMar always wanted to be a movie star . He graduated high school at the top of his class . Then , he moved to LOCATION LOCATION to audition for movies . One casting director thought he was amazing ! PERSON 's dream of becoming a star is finally coming true .	PERSON worked two 8-hour shifts every day . She dreamed that her kids would have a better life . She saved almost all of her money . PERSON invested that money in a college fund . Now , her kids can have opportunities she did not .	PERSON had a hard test in school she needed to study for . She was too tired though and fell asleep . PERSON woke up and was late for her test . PERSON also realized she had n't studied . It was a dream though , and PERSON woke up to study .
laptop	PERSON needed a new laptop computer . He went to his local electronics store to buy one . PERSON was stunned by the sheer selection . PERSON asked an employee which one he should get . He took the advice , getting a sweet Deal with the bells and whistles .	PERSON wanted to purchase a new computer . PERSON spent a lot of time on his computer . PERSON wanted to upgrade his machine . PERSON researched many different types of computers . PERSON found a great one and purchased it .	My niece has an old laptop . She was going off to college and bought a new laptop . She gave the old one to her dad but it was password protected . She was having trouble breaking the password . She was going to bring it to me to fix , but forgot .	PERSON used his laptop everyday for work . PERSON loved his computer . One day PERSON was careless and spilled water all over his computer . PERSON cried . PERSON fried the machine and had to throw it away .	PERSON dropped his laptop . It shattered in half . He decided to buy a new one . He could not afford it . He had to save until he could and he did not know when that would be .	PERSON and Sue were dorm mates and enemies . PERSON was working on an important assignment on her laptop . PERSON had n't realized the battery was n't in the laptop . Sue intentionally tripped over the cord pulling it from the wall . PERSON was horrified when she realized she lost all her hard work .	I needed a laptop for work . My friend recommended I check out a certain brand . I trusted them and bought a laptop from that brand . The laptop died after two Year 's , when the warranty had ended . I resolved to do my own research every time after that .	When PERSON 's laptop stopped functioning , he bought a new one online . He waited for it every day checking his mail . When it finally arrived , PERSON was ecstatic . He plugged the new laptop right away to see how good it was . But as soon as the laptop 's screen lit up , it changed back to black .	All PERSON 's friends had laptops . She wanted one , but could n't afford it . Then on her first day of senior year , her dad gave her a gift . He had saved all summer to buy her a laptop ! PERSON was so happy she almost cried .
jealous	PERSON , PERSON and PERSON were discussing boys . PERSON had been kissed in the park , and the other girls saw it . PERSON was jealous . She was supposed to be the pretty one . But her guy was n't as hot as the one PERSON had .	The man got jealous . He yelled at the woman . The woman explained what had happened . The man felt less jealous . He apologized to the woman .	I 'm a very jealous person . I got jealous over silly things today . I did n't care if he was talking to his ex . I only cared that he called her honey . I was upset because that 's what he calls me .	PERSON had a graduation party after the ceremony . He invited his friends and family for dinner . Before they ate , he said that all of his success is because of his mom However , his girlfriend walked out of the house . She told him that he was unappreciative of her .	PERSON invited PERSON over to his house . PERSON and PERSON played video games together . They later at lunch then played outside . PERSON 's mother picked him up and they left . PERSON went back to room and saw no disc in his video game system .	I got a brand new car . My friends were so jealous . They really wanted one like it . I did n't want them to be jealous of me . So I let them borrow the car whenever they wanted .	My sister in law loves our kids . She is jealous , however . One day we had a new neighbor over . My sister in law was coming over but decided not to . She did get better with her jealousy as the kids grew up .	Ginger is a very jealous person . PERSON , her friend , got a new pink coat . Ginger really wanted the pink coat . PERSON would not let her have it . Ginger cried for the rest of the day .	PERSON had many siblings . She was apart of a triplet . PERSON and her triplet siblings were very close . One day PERSON was asked to prom and her siblings were n't . PERSON accepted the offer and her siblings were very jealous .
motorcycle	PERSON has always loved motorcycles . He decided to save his money so he could buy one . When he finally had enough money he bought a shiny red motorcycle . He rode the motorcycle all over town to show it off . PERSON was happy he finally bought a motorcycle .	I have been saving up to buy a new motorcycle . I finally found one to buy and went to buy it . I hopped on it to ride it home . On the way home I lost my balance and wrecked . I ended up breaking both arms and totaling my new bike .	PERSON got a new motorcycle last summer . He took it out for a ride one hot afternoon . PERSON rode to his friend 's house . His friend got out his motorcycle . The two of them rode together for hours .	PERSON was ready to buy her first motorcycle . She went to the dealership . She browsed until she found a great bike . Then she filled out all the paperwork . PERSON drove her new motorcycle home !	PERSON got on his motorcycle . He tried to start it . The bike did not respond . He rolled it down the street to his friends . His friend helped him fix the bike .	PERSON was fixing an old motorcycle . He bought a spare part on ebay . Weeks went by and the part never showed up . PERSON realized he had been scammed . He left a bad review on ebay and then forgot about it .	PERSON had a car but wanted a motorcycle instead . He could not afford to buy it outright . Instead , he put an ad online to trade the car for a bike . Soon a local man took him up on his offer . The men traded vehicles and both walked away happy !	PERSON was excited about his new motorcycle . He went to the dealer to go pick it up . PERSON drove it fast on the way home . He parked it in the garage . PERSON was so happy he just sat there admiring the beauty .	The man rode his motorcycle in the rain . The ground was very slick . The man crashed taking a corner . The bike slid down the street . The man had to spend eight hundred dollars to fix it .
marching band	Many young adults play in the marching band in school . The instruments can be flutes , tubas , even drums ! Students like PERSON learn routines and music for their instrument . At halftime of football games , they perform and entertain the crowd . PERSON loves his marching band and enjoys entertaining the fans .	The marching band had been practicing their halftime show for months . They were very excited to be performing it for everyone . Just before halftime , it began to lightly sprinkle . The band took a vote , and decided that they could still perform . They received a standing ovation from the crowd .	PERSON decided to join marching band . He practiced for weeks to make sure he made it past auditions . He even got his own instrument . The day of tryouts came and all his work was for nothing . It was n't that he did n't made it , it 's that everyone got accepted .	I always wanted to be in a marching band . The only instrument I played was piano . My friend told the instructor I wanted to be in the band . He handed me a baritone and told me to learn it . I took it home and learned it and then I was in the band !	PERSON wanted to join marching band . She practiced at home for weeks . Her family encouraged her . When she tried out she did great . She made the band .	When I was in high school I played in the marching band . We played in different competitions every weekend . The entire band got to travel all over the country . My senior year we took first place in every competition . I got a partial scholarship to college because of our accomplishments .	PERSON went to his school 's football game . He was bored until the halftime show . The flag twirlers were beautiful . He was amazed by the marchers ' skill . He decided to learn how to play an instrument .	PERSON played saxophone in the marching band . He was so good he received a full ride scholarship for music . He was marching on the field when he tripped over his shoelace . He fell and the saxophone cut off three of his fingers . PERSON now plays the trombone .	After weeks of practice , the band was playing its first football game . A number of members were freshman . Many of them were very nervous ! But when they marched out they all did a great job . A few sour notes , but no one seemed to notice !
beach	PERSON took a vacation to the beach . On the way there , he remembered that he did n't pack any sunscreen . He decided not to go back home to get some . When he arrived at the beach , he decided to first go swimming . When he got out of the water , his skin was already red from the heat .	We drove six hours to the beach . We pulled out a blanket and put it on the sand . We set up a large family umbrella . We settled in and just watched the sunset . We left the beach and looked for a restaurant .	PERSON went shell hunting on the beach today . She looked for the prettiest shells she could find . But most of the shells were broken . Then , suddenly , a beautiful cone shell caught her eye . PERSON came home happily with her new find .	This summer my wife and I went on a vacation to the beach . It was on PERSON PERSON and was sunny and nice the whole time . We had a great spot near the beach and walked it every morning . We stayed a week and it was the best vacation ever . We are planning on going back soon because it was so awesome .	Today I went to the beach with friends . I went swimming and the water was warm . We played frisbee and had a game of catch . We also had a picnic lunch , with sandwiches and fruit . It was fun and I hope to do this again soon .	Today was the first sunny day in months . PERSON wanted to go outside to enjoy the sun . She decided to spend the day at the beach . The water was still slightly too cold . She laid on her towel and got sun .	PERSON wanted to go to the beach with his friends . He packed up his swimsuit and surfboard . He got in the car and drove to the shore . PERSON stepped out of the car and felt raindrops on his face . He decided it was n't a good day for the beach after all .	PERSON roder her bike to the beach . She went swimming for an hour . She got back on her bike and saw a flat tire . She stopped at a gas station to fix her tire . She then rode back home .	My sister and I drove to the beach yesterday . We got in the car and drove for one hour to the boardwalk . Once we got there , I changed into my swimsuit . We swam and played in the water for the entire day . After we finished , we ate burgers and went home .
late	PERSON has been opening the pet store for over a year . She usually got to work on time . One day she forgot to set her alarm at 4am . She had overslept . Her manager gave her a last warning .	I am not lazy but i have difficulties in getting up early . So i always ended up late at school . My grades were failing so i decided to change my daily routine . I brought alarm clock so i can wake up early in the morning . And i 'm sleeping early at night .	I woke up one morning at 8:30 . I was going to be late for work ! I jumped out of bed and dressed quickly . I called my boss to let him know I would be late . He laughed and reminded me it was Saturday .	PERSON never knew what time it was . Once , she was so late for school that she missed all of first period . She did n't even realize until she was sitting in the wrong class . Her teacher was upset with her . That 's why , on her birthday , I 'm getting her a watch .	PERSON had been late getting to the principal 's office . In return he had kept her waiting for 30 minutes . She apologized for her selfishness . But it did n't matter . PERSON was given 4 days of lunch detention for her actions .	PERSON slept through her alarm . She woke up twenty minutes late . She had to rush through her morning routine . Then she sped through traffic . Luckily , she made it to work on time !	PERSON woke up to find out she was late for class . She panicked and got ready as soon as she could . PERSON sprinted to class . Upon arriving , she saw that her classmates were arriving as well . PERSON realized that she had forgotten it was daylight savings time .	PERSON was late for school ! He grabbed his backpack . He did not have time to eat anything . PERSON jumped on his bike and raced towards the school . It turns out he made it just in time .	PERSON overslept one morning . He woke with only minutes to spare . He hurriedly got ready and rushed out to the school bus . But then he realized something terrible . PERSON had forgotten his backpack !
wrestling	PERSON was a high school wrestler . PERSON worked hard at practice everyday after school . PERSON had excellent hygiene . Other kids did not and got ringworm . PERSON never got ringworm and credited his great hygiene .	PERSON was considering playing a sport in high school . He tried out for the high school wrestling team . He made the team . He had a lot of fun at the practices and meets . He learned a lot of valuable self defense skills .	PERSON was the only girl on the wrestling team . She was also the youngest . All of the boys were seniors , when she was only a freshman . She did her best to keep up with them in practice . However , she ran so fast that she fell down and slid across the floor .	PERSON loved to watch wrestling on TV . He decided to try out for his school 's wrestling team . But the team was nothing like the wrestling he saw on TV ! PERSON decided wrestling was not for him after all . He decided he preferred to just watch it on TV !	PERSON was excited for the upcoming wrestling match . He set up his big screen tv in the backyard . PERSON invited all of his friends over . His friends brought food and drinks . They spent the rest of the night watching wrestling !	PERSON practiced hard during wrestling practice . He practiced hard so that he could win the wrestling tournament On the day of the tournament PERSON was nervous . He remembered everything he did in practice . Although he placed third he was happy with the results .	The man grabbed the stranger . He wrestled the stranger to the ground . He pinned the stranger . And counted to three . He claimed that he had won .	There was a prize for the best wrestler in the state . PERSON was always told she could n't win because she was a girl . PERSON practiced everyday and tried her hardest at competitions . PERSON made amazing progress and was confident at the state finals . PERSON wound up losing in the first round to a very skinny boy .	PERSON was a 10 year old boy . PERSON watched a lot of TV . PERSON 's favorite program was wrestling . PERSON begged his mother to stay up to watch a special match . His mom said yes and PERSON was happy to see the special event .
PERSON 's hat	PERSON had lost her brand new hat . She looked everywhere for her hat . She was about to give up when she looked at her dog 's house . The dog had a few scraps of fabric in his mouth . He had eaten the hat .	PERSON lost his hat at the train station . He put up posters of his hat . After a week , someone called PERSON . She had found his hat on a bench . She returned it him and he bought her dinner to say thank you .	PERSON was having a terrible day . He could n't find his lucky hat . He did n't even have enough luck to remember where he saw it last . He searched the closet , stopping in front of his mirror . His hat was on his head .	PERSON had a favorite hat . He looked all over the house for it . He was upset that he could n't find it . PERSON asked his mother if she knew where it was . She handed it to him saying she had just cleaned it .	PERSON had taken sewing classes for weeks . She was determined to sew her mom a hat for Christmas . She cut and stitched and decorated , working hard . She was so nervous that her mom would n't like the hat . But that hat was the only one her mom wore all winter !	Ina has a favorite hat she wears a lot . One window day , the hat blew off . PERSON chased her hat down the street . She caught it 4 blocks away . PERSON takes more care with her hat now .	PERSON checked the laundry to make sure his hat was washed . When he opened the washer door , he found that the hat was discolored . He accidentally poured bleach into load instead of softener . Frustrated he took the hat to a store in order to replace it . He showed it to a clerk who found a replacement and he left the store .	PERSON wore his blue beanie outside . His friend took the hat off of his head . PERSON chased his friend through a field . His friend got away from PERSON . The next day his friend came over wearing PERSON 's hat .	PERSON went on vacation to LOCATION . It was very sunny and bright . PERSON decided to get a hat to block out the sun . He looked at sombreros and baseball caps . Eventually PERSON chose a large cowboy hat .
diet	PERSON was trying to stay on a gluten-free diet . Unfortunately , her favorite food was gluten . She managed to avoid it for weeks . Eventually , she gave in and ate some gluten containing fries . PERSON was ashamed with herself .	Calla had to lose fifty pounds in six months . She wanted to look great in her bridesmaids ' dress . She dieted diligently and fought off temptation . After six months , PERSON weighed herself . She was thrilled to see she had lost fifty-one pounds !	PERSON decided to switch to diet soda . She wanted to reduce her sugar intake . At first the diet soda tasted awful . But gradually , she began to get used to its taste . After a while , PERSON did n't even miss regular soda !	PERSON decided to go on a diet . He planned out all his meals . He ate only the right foods . Then his friends asked him out for pizza . PERSON blew his diet .	I started a diet yesterday . I was following my plan perfectly . Then a friend invited me to brunch . I ate chicken and waffles . I blew my diet completely .	PERSON was on a diet . But she really wanted cake ! She struggled to resist it . She managed to overcome the craving ! PERSON was so proud of herself !	PERSON was always trying to lose weight . She tried every option out there . But then her cousin recommended a new plan . It involved some supplements and a patch . She loved it and thought the results were great .	PERSON wanted to lose 40 pounds before summer . In early spring , she started a diet and tried to stick to it . Some days were easy , but others were n't , and PERSON cheated a bit . By summer , she had lost 20 pounds . She decided to celebrate anyways - 20 pounds was a lot !	I decided to go on a diet to become healthier and lose weight . My goal was to lose 15 pounds . I replaced the junk food in my diet with fruits and vegetables . I reached my goal weight in only two months . It was hard to diet but I am proud that I reached my goal .
soccer	PERSON wanted to play soccer . She was not sure if she would be good or not . Her dad decided to help her with drills . When tryouts came along , PERSON was ready . She was excited when she made the team .	PERSON was a very shy little girl . Her parents decided to sign her up for a soccer team . PERSON played all summer with the children on the team . She learned how to make friends and have fun with others . Now PERSON is not shy and loves talking to people .	I love to play soccer after school . I have been practicing my shot . I am getting really good and can make most of my shots . I want to be on the school soccer team this year . I am going to keep practicing until I can make the team .	PERSON loves to play soccer all the time . Her dad told her that if she got good grades she could join a league . After three weeks of studying and hard work she had straight A 's . The next week her dad signed her up for a soccer league . PERSON met her teammates the next day .	My daughter played soccer when she was 10 . The league was unisex . One day she ran against a boy to get a ball She got the ball and took out the boy . Her coach was very impressed .	PERSON always wanted to join the soccer team . The only issue was he was very fat and he could barely run . PERSON began running 5 miles a day every day . PERSON was able to lose a lot of weight . PERSON was able to become the star of the soccer team .	PERSON was on the soccer team . She was captain . She had to pick the most valuable player . PERSON was torn between doing this . She finally decided to give every player a trophy .	PERSON felt nervous all week . The championship soccer match was this coming week . His team was in the finals and they are geared up to win . The match came and PERSON played amazing . His team won and they are the new champions .	PERSON PERSON criticizes her weight constantly before summer ended . She tried everything to stop her from eating so much . PERSON knows that obesity runs in her family causing sickness . PERSON goes to school the following week and joins Soccer . She starts conditioning and loses weight and her father is proud .
baseball game	I was invited to see a baseball game . When I sat down I was so bored . I just wanted to leave . I had nothing to do . So I fell asleep .	PERSON wanted to go watch his favorite team play baseball . He ordered some tickets online . PERSON rode his bike to the ballpark . He met some of his favorite players after the game . PERSON left the ballpark with a huge smile !	PERSON was nervous about her first baseball game . PERSON stood at bat and looked at the pitcher . She was nervous she would get hit with the ball . PERSON swung as the ball came towards her . PERSON smiled as the ball flew into the outfield .	PERSON was invited to his company 's baseball game . He was n't a very good player . Nobody else he worked with was either . PERSON went and played and had a good time . He went back often .	PERSON went to a baseball game with his friends . They sat in the bleacher seats in left field . They sang the seventh-inning stretch . PERSON caught a foul ball . He had the ball autographed after the game .	A friend invited me to play some Baseball and I happily said yes . As I got there , I did n't know majority of the people there . But that did n't stop me , I was first baseman and was doing great . Halfway through the score was tied , and I managed to score a run . In the end , we managed to win barely 8-7 and we had a blast !	I went to a baseball game . There was a loud fan in front of me . He yelled at every pitch for three innings . The crowd then yelled at him . He was very quiet for the rest of the game .	I played baseball with my friends today . I forgot how bad I was at batting . I struck out 4 times in a row . However , on my last attempt , I managed to hit a homerun . My friends congratulated me as I ran to home plate .	I played a baseball game this weekend . It was the first time I played in a while . Hitting the ball was harder than I thought . I struck out three times . It was still fun .
the LOCATION	PERSON had always loved Christmas time . He had been out of work for a while when he saw an ad . The job posting was for a mall LOCATION . PERSON applied to the job right away . PERSON loved bringing smiles to the children 's faces .	PERSON went to the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . She parked her car and went shopping . When it was time to go home she went to the parking garage . PERSON could n't find her car . She walked around for an hour before she found her car .	PERSON liked the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION because it was n't Starbucks . While reading a newspaper and drinking coffee , she noticed a guy . He pulled up a chair and sat at her table . He asked her could he get her opinion on something . She asked do you always pick up strange women by asking their opinion ?	The family took their boat out . They sailed all day on LOCATION LOCATION . They returned to the dock and tied the boat up . It had been a lovely day on the water . They could n't wait to do it again .	PERSON went to the LOCATION in LOCATION . He was hoping to see the PERSON PERSON . The line was so long it took three hours to get in . PERSON found the PERSON PERSON . PERSON was disappointed by the small size of the Mona Lisa .	Growing up in the LOCATION has been an adventure . The traditions are some that most never get to experience . Football games and tailgating are just one example . The South is rich in history . However , the LOCATION is usually made fun of for many things too .	The family was in LOCATION LOCATION for the first time . The saw LOCATION LOCATION . They explored the entire park . It was a beautiful space ! The family could n't wait to return some day .	PERSON was going on a trip to the amazon . She arrived after a flight from the LOCATION . Once there she marveled at all the beauty . It was dangerous , but exciting . PERSON had a wonderful time on her trip to the LOCATION .	PERSON 's doctor told PERSON that he needed to take care of his health . PERSON decided to run the LOCATION LOCATION . PERSON trained every morning for nine months . Finally , the day of the marathon came and PERSON ran it in 4 hours . PERSON was finally healthy !
the fall	Fall is PERSON 's favorite season . He loves the changing colors in the leaves . He also likes the weather better / He looks forward to the holidays around the corner . He is always happier in the fall .	PERSON went to the Casino with PERSON . It had rained that day and outside there was a puddle . PERSON advised PERSON not to trip . But instead PERSON slipped and fell in the puddle . PERSON was n't hurt but he was super embarrassed .	Yesterday I fell while going down the stairs . I slipped on a roller-skate and twisted my ankle . I have to wear a brace now . I am sad because I can not walk without crutches . I decided to make sure I do not leave anything on the stairs again .	The laundry supply room was always cluttered and messy . Terek would straighten it up but it would always get messed up again . Stating it as a safety hazard , he complained to his boss . His boss disregarded PERSON 's opinion and did nothing . A worker fell in the supply room breaking her shoulder that same day .	It was a beautiful November day in LOCATION . PERSON was at her mothers and decided to go for a walk . Her niece and nephew asked to go with . At an intersection her nephew almost ran in front of a car . PERSON taught the kids how to look both ways before crossing the street .	The lamp in my foyer broke . I decided to replace it . I climbed up to the lamp with a ladder . But , the ladder buckled under itself and collapsed . I broke my arm and learned I needed to be more careful with ladders .	PERSON was going down the stairs . Suddenly he fell . He fell down the stairs . His arms and legs hurt . He ended up going to the doctor .	Dusty and PERSON were exploring on their farm one day . They decided they wanted to climb on top of a shed . When they got on the shed , they did n't see the electric wires . As they were climbing off , Dusty touched the electric wires and fell . Luckily , Dusty was fine but they never did it again .	The Fall weather is starting to come . The nights are getting a lot cooler now . I have even noticed the leaves are changing . All the Fall flavors are coming out , too . I am looking forward to this season .
bad hair day	PERSON went to the barber for a new haircut . The barber cut his hair too short . PERSON hated his new haircut . At school the next day , PERSON felt self-conscious . However , a cute girl saw PERSON and said she loved his new hair .	PERSON got herself ready and went to work . On the bus , everyone kept staring at her . When she walked into work , there were snickers . PERSON went to the bathroom to find out what was so funny . PERSON realized she had a large green gob of something in her hair .	PERSON was having a horrible hair day . When she woke up she tried styling it . However to her dismay it would not stick straight . She was nervous about going to school like that . She ended up wearing a baseball cap instead .	PERSON went to school one day . It was the day to take school photos and he forgot . He went to the bathroom and he looked very bad . He decided to hide while people took their photos . When it was over , PERSON went to class uncomfortably .	PERSON woke up late to work one morning . She rushed around and got dressed . She called ahead letting her boss know she was on her way . PERSON pulled in to her work and noticed she forgot to fix her hair . She quickly matted it down and told everyone she was having a bad day .	LOCATION was running late for an interview . She was unable to put the top up on her convertible . It started to rain on the way there . The wind and water messed up LOCATION 's hair . She was embarrassed throughout the interview .	PERSON lived in a very small house . She would sleep on a very small mattress . PERSON woke up every morning with terrible bed head . She went to the bathroom like always to come it out . PERSON looked into the mirror and saw her hair was really tangled .	PERSON was suffering from a bad hair day . There did n't seem to be anything she could do to help it . Even her attempt at a ponytail did n't work out . PERSON hoped washing it with conditioner would help . Finally , PERSON 's hair was tamed into position .	PERSON was going out with friends . He spent a long time trying to fix his hair . Unfortunately it kept looking bad . At the last minute PERSON cancelled his plans with friends . He claimed he was sick but it was due to the hair .
rice	PERSON was making a Mexican meal for her family . Then her husband brought home three extra for dinner ! PERSON was in a panic . Then she decided to make lots of extra rice . That helped stretch the food so everyone had plenty to eat !	Nala dropped her phone in the toilet . She was devastated ! She pulled it out quickly and thrust it in a bowl of rice . There it sat overnight , until she checked it in the morning . Nala was so relieved to see that her phone still worked !	PERSON was under financial stress . He wanted to spend very little money on food . He carefully thought about his options . He decided to buy bags of rice . He saved a lot of money with this decision .	PERSON was learning to cook . Her mom decided to start her off with rice . PERSON added the rice to boiling water . She got distracted and went to the next room . When she came back , her rice was burnt .	I woke up and decided to make breakfast . I decided to eat rice . I cooked it in a rush . It was uncooked and I got an upset stomach . I realized I should make sure my rice is cooked completely .	PERSON did not like rice . Then his girlfriend offered to make him a special dish . She boiled the rice and buttered it . Then she gave it to PERSON , who tried it . PERSON decided rice was not so gross after all .	PERSON had never made rice before . She eyeballed out what seemed like the right amount . But as it cooked , the rice expanded . PERSON ended up with far too much rice ! She resolved to read directions next time !	PERSON likes food . She does not like rice or celery though . One day her work had a potluck . Someone brought rice with celery in it . PERSON could not believe anyone would bring such a dish .	PERSON wanted to learn how to cook . Her mom decided to teach her how to cook rice . PERSON started with boiling water . When she finally added the rice , she got distracted . PERSON let the rice run out of water and burn .
fishing trip	PERSON wanted to go fishing , but he did not own rods . His friend PERSON owned several fishing rods . PERSON called PERSON and asked if he wanted to fish . PERSON accepted PERSON 's offer to go fishing . Both of them had a great time at the lake fishing .	Sue and her dad went fishing in his boat . After they caught a few fish , they decided to head back home . Her father tried to start the motor , but it would n't start . Fortunately he had some oars , and PERSON helped him paddle back to shore . Her arms were very tired , but she was still glad she went fishing .	PERSON went fishing with friends . Everyone was catching fish except for him . He tried different things to no avail . His friends made fun of him . PERSON did n't get a single bite the whole time .	PERSON had cancer . He wanted to spend some time with his son before he died . He planned a big fishing trip . Unfortunately he died before they could go . His son still went in his honor .	I went on a fishing trip to clear my mind . I chose a quiet pond outside of town . I waited for a while , but I caught nothing . I decided to throw all my bait into the water . After that , lots of fish came for me to catch .	PERSON took his girlfriend out for her first fishing experience . He taught her the basics and then gave her a rod to try herself . They sat there and fished all day . Later on , his girlfriend had caught much more fish than him . PERSON was proud of her even though he felt defeated .	PERSON is packing the last of the items he needs for his trip to the bay . He takes special care in loading his new speargun . As soon as it 's in , he hooks up the boat to the back of his truck . He takes one last look at the back and starts the vehicle . At last , he 's on his way to his destination .	PERSON was so excited to go fishing with his grandfather . It was his first time ever fishing . He and his grandfather went out on a boat early in the morning . PERSON did n't realize how boring it would be waiting for the fish ! Just when he was about to give up he finally caught one .	PERSON was planning on going fishing . He loaded up his boat with his fishing poles . He loaded up the cooler with lunch . He walked outside and saw a thunderstorm approaching . PERSON will go fishing another day .
PERSON 's walk	PERSON took his dog for a walk . He went down to the end of the block . His friend PERSON was there with his dog . PERSON and PERSON talked while their dogs played . The boys said goodbye and went back home .	PERSON decided to go for a walk . While walking , she tripped and fell . She broke her leg . A passing driver stopped to help PERSON . The driver took her to the hospital to receive treatment .	PERSON walked to PERSON 's party . PERSON 's party is near a fire-station . On PERSON 's walk to the party , a fire-truck left the station . PERSON watched the fire-truck drive toward the location of PERSON 's party . PERSON became very worried that PERSON 's party was on fire .	PERSON decided to go for a walk . While walking , she tripped and fell . She broke her leg . A passing driver stopped to help PERSON . The driver took her to the hospital to receive treatment .	PERSON was tired of being stuck in the house all alone . She decided to go for a walk . She saw a stray dog while she was out walking . She decided to take the dog home with her . PERSON now has a new friend to spend time with .	PERSON likes to take her dog PERSON for a walk in the afternoons . PERSON minds really well , so PERSON does n't use a leash . Last Saturday , PERSON saw a squirrel and ran out in the road . Luckily she did n't get hit by a car . PERSON now puts PERSON on a leash when she takes her outside .	PERSON has a dog named Lilo . PERSON took PERSON for walk . Lilo rolled around in dirt during his walk . PERSON had to take Lilo to the groomer . When Lilo came home from the groomer , he looked beautiful and clean .	PERSON went for a walk to get some fresh air . He loved to walk in the woods . Today there was a bike race on his favorite trail . He did n't realize it until a biker almost hit him ! PERSON walked back home , feeling defeated .	PERSON walked to school . Suddenly , a dog ran out from a yard and began to chase her . She ran as fast as she could to get away from the dog . Eventually , the dog caught up to PERSON and wanted to be petted . She petted the dog , it went away , and she continued on her way .
food fight	PERSON was eating lunch at school . A girl looked at her ugly . PERSON threw her pizza at her . The other girl threw food back . Eventually everyone got involved .	PERSON walked to the cafeteria for lunch . There , he ran into a few of his buddies . They playfully started a food fight . But soon other students had joined in , and it was chaotic ! The principal reprimanded PERSON for his role in the food fight .	John and PERSON were arguing today at lunch , no one could stop them . After a while , PERSON got very angry and threatened PERSON . PERSON got angry as well and took a muffin from his plate . Matt picked up a piece of cake from his plate and pointed it at PERSON . Right before they could fight , PERSON PERSON yelled at both of them .	When I was at cub scout camp we all ate in the same huge tent . One day I saw a group of other cub scouts that my group did not like . I picked up a handful of corn and threw it at them . Soon there was food flying everywhere in that tent . It was a lot of fun until the camp leaders came in .	PERSON threw broccoli at his brother PERSON . PERSON laughed and threw a piece back . They ducked and threw broccoli at each other . Their mother heard them laughing and came in the room . Both boys were grounded for a week for wasting food .	In the cafeteria , everyone was eating . One kid threw his food at his friend . It missed and hit someone else . This started a food fight . In the end , security guards had to intervene .	PERSON and PERSON had been together for years . They had arguments , but lately they 'd been fighting . One night at a restaurant , PERSON got mad and threw a bun at PERSON . PERSON got furious , and threw her fries and drink at PERSON . Now they were in a full on food fight and were quickly asked to leave .	PERSON loved throwing shopkins at her uncle . Someone noticed they looked like food . There was some that looked like lettuce . Others looked like meat . So someone started calling it a `` food fight '' .	It was 4th period lunch . PERSON and his friends were planning a food fight . PERSON started the food fight by throwing his sandwich at the teacher . His friends threw all their food , covering the entire cafeteria floor . The students that participated all got detention for a week .
race	PERSON had a race to attend this Saturday . She has been training all season for this race . She decided to relax a week before the race to not overwork herself . She felt clear minded on the day of the race . She managed to get first place !	PERSON wanted to win an important race at school . She woke up early for a week to practice in the park . She also hired a coach to train with him after school . When the race event started she was really nervous . But all her hard work paid off and she made it to third place easily .	PERSON wanted to run the 5K race at the end of the month . Two weeks before the race , PERSON got sick . He could not train as hard as he wanted . But PERSON would not let anything stop him . His time was n't great , but PERSON finished the race Saturday .	My friends and I were bored one day . My friend PERSON decided to take us to a race track . We raced for three hours , but none of us could beat PERSON . Eventually , another friend showed up with a faster car . Finally , someone was able to beat PERSON .	The weather predicted heavy rain in the mid-afternoon . PERSON forgot her umbrella , so she nervously watched the clouds gather . After school , she grabbed her bag and raced off as fast as she could ! Just as she arrived home , the sky opened up with a huge downpour . PERSON was relieved to have beat the rains home !	PERSON was the slowest on the team . He needed a 6 minute mile in order to qualify for the race . He decided to train an extra hour everyday . He eventually got a 6 minute mile . He was able to join the race and he did very well .	PERSON was running a race . She was very close with the leading runner . Then she had a burst of speed . PERSON hurried to overtake her opponent and take the lead . PERSON managed to cross the finish line first and win the race !	A girl had an upcoming swim race . She was extremely nervous . She had practiced for weeks . Despite her worries , on the day of the race , she won ! From then on , she relaxed before future races .	The boy raced his friend around the track . His friend beat him by thirty seconds . The boy started running every morning . He got faster around the track . He won the next race with his friend .
broken arm	PERSON was going across the monkey bars . He lost his grip and fell to the ground . He felt a sharp pain in his arm , and called for help . His teacher arrived , and he was taken to the hospital . PERSON had a broken arm and the nurse wrapped it in a cast .	PERSON was playing on a neighbor 's trampoline . He fell down and hit his arm . PERSON was in a lot of pain from the fall . He went to the doctor and got an x ray . The doctor said PERSON 's arm was broken in two places .	PERSON was playing with friends outside one day . They decided to walk on top of a fence . His friend jokingly pushed him . PERSON fell down . PERSON broke his arm .	PERSON was playing basketball with her dad . When PERSON went to dunk the ball , she crashed into her father . Both fell , and PERSON landed on her arm . At the hospital , the doctor confirmed a bad break . Later at home , her father g6	PERSON was going out for a pass . He was on in the parking lot . Someone was guarding him . He hit the ground hard . His arm was broken .	PERSON was playing in the yard . She decided to climb a tree . She fell on the way back down . She broke her arm in two places . PERSON had to be sent to the hospital emergency room .	My wife 's coworker broke his arm working out . He needed an operation . He said he would not come back for two months . The company decided to not pay him . He came back to work after three weeks .	I was playing on top of the monkey bars one day . I decided to get on the top of the monkey bars . Eventually , I slipped and landed on my arm . This caused my arm to break . I had to go to the hospital .	Fred loved trees . He decided to climb one . When he did he got stuck . Then he fell out . He broke his arm .
doctor	PERSON wanted to be a doctor . And she was driven to help people . But she became desensitized to people 's pains and illnesses . So she had no emotional involvement in her job . She sadly worked as a doctor until she retired .	PERSON wants to be a doctor real bad . He 's trying to decide where to get his degree from . He is quickly finding out how expensive this will be . He will have a lot of student loans . PERSON decides it 's worth it because he really wants to do this .	PERSON is afraid of the doctor because he gives him shots . PERSON always cried and he did n't like the pain . One day , he was forced to go . PERSON knew he had to go to feel better . The doctor relieved him of the pain and now PERSON is happy .	PERSON became the best hockey player in his family . He was able to get a scholarship to college because of his skills . In college he noticed he loved studying medicine more than hockey . PERSON decided he wanted to become a doctor . After graduation PERSON went on to medical school instead of the NHL .	PERSON was helping calm his daughter 's nerve . She does n't like going to the doctor . PERSON promised his daughter that she was the bravest kid . When she came out , she had a triumphant grin . She did n't cry once .	PERSON was n't feeling well . He had a sore throat all week . Finally , PERSON caved and visited the doctor . The doctor said he had strep throat and prescribed antibiotics . After a few days , PERSON felt much better .	PERSON 's doctor told her that she had cancer . PERSON and her husband were scared . They did n't know how to tell the kids . PERSON decided that she did n't want to get treatment . PERSON lived for two more Year 's .	My mom needed to go the doctor recently . She was too sick to drive herself so I had to drive her . She was very grateful that I drove her and thanked me . When I picked her up she was pleased with me again ! She said the doctor gave her antibiotics and said she 'd get better .	PERSON wanted to attend medical school . PERSON did not earn a scholarship and could not afford it . PERSON 's friend suggested he attend free medical school in LOCATION . PERSON attended the free medical school in LOCATION . PERSON eventually became a doctor .
ants	PERSON loved his apartment . One day he noticed their was an ant problem . Instead of moving , he purchased pesticides . He used the pesticides . He successfully removed the ants from his apartment .	PERSON 's mom made his lunch everyday . He hated the peanut butter sandwiches she would make . PERSON left a sandwich in his bag and forgot about it . Two days later PERSON noticed ants in his closet . He traced them back to the sandwich he forgot about .	I was feeding my cat today . I scooped food into my cat 's bowl . Then some movement caught my eye . The movement was ants , there were ants in the food . I had to dump all of the cat food .	PERSON wanted an ant farm . Her parents bought one for her . She filled it with ants . Then she watched them dig their tunnels . PERSON was enraptured by her ant farm !	PERSON was walking on the beach . He was enjoying the feeling of sand in between his toes . He was admiring the sea . Suddenly , a large ant bit him , this caused him pain . He became upset .	PERSON was eating in his room one night . And he did n't bother to put his plate away after he finished . The next morning , he felt ants in his hair . There were ants all over his table too . PERSON never forgot to clean up after himself again .	PERSON left out food over night . He did n't think much of it . The next morning there were a bunch of ants around it . PERSON tried to kill them all but could n't . He had to send in an exterminator .	PERSON drowned the ants in a bucket of water . His mother was shocked by his actions , and hit him . PERSON started crying and asked how she could do that . She said how he thought the ants felt about drowning . PERSON realized he had been a bad boy .	A trail of ants could be seen coming into the home . PERSON followed them from the kitchen door into the living room . There were crawling all over a piece of bread on the floor . She picked it up and tossed it into the garbage can . PERSON got the raid bottle and sprayed the insects dead .
the interview	PERSON was excited for her job interview at a big department store . This would be her first job interview . PERSON wore her favorite dress and flats to the interview . The manager who interviewed her ended up really liking PERSON . PERSON got a call two weeks later saying she got the job !	PERSON was trying to get a new job . He was going on an interview . PERSON put on a suit to go to the interview . He answered all the questions well . PERSON got the job .	PERSON was getting prepared for his interview for his first job ever . As he drove there , he was getting steadily more nervous . He approached her and she was very friendly . All of his doubts subsided and he nailed the interview . As he was leaving , he was told he got the job .	PERSON witnessed a house fire . The local news showed up . They asked if they could interview her about it . PERSON accepted and answered their questions . She saw herself on the news later that night .	PERSON had a job interview . She was so nervous she could n't sleep . The next morning she fixed a cup of coffee and headed to the interview . The interviewer was an old friend from college . PERSON felt way better about it .	PERSON was rushing to an interview for an exciting new job . He tripped and tore a hole in the knee of his black suit . He did not have time to go home and change . Instead , he colored his knee black with a magic marker . No one was the wiser , and the interview went well .	PERSON was called for an interview . They told him they would keep in touch . Several weeks passed and no call . PERSON was ready to give up . But then they told him he got the job .	PERSON has been out of work for 2 months . She finally got an interview with a good company . PERSON is feeling a lot of pressure to get the job and is very nervous . The interview is given by a group of 5 men . PERSON has an impressive interview and accepts their offer .	PERSON wanted a job . She was interviewing for her dream job . She was nervous but felt like she had done well . When she got home , she got a phone call . She 'd gotten the job !
the call	PERSON got a strange phone call yesterday . They asked her about her credit card debt . However , she did n't own a credit card . She did some research and realized her number was posted online . It was without her consent , so she demanded they remove her number .	PERSON had a bad feeling with the phone rang . The voice on the other end said they were the police . Someone had hit her car in the parking lot and driven away . She filed a report with the police . Then she called her insurance company and filed a claim .	A businessman walked past his secretary and told her he 's busy . The business man went to his office and locked the door . He say down on his chair and opened his computer . The business man went to Netflix and watched TV all day . When he left , he told the secretary that he finished his work .	A tow truck was called to a lake . The tow truck drive , PERSON , got there and looked for the car . He was approached by another man , PERSON . PERSON told him that the car was in the bottom of the lake . PERSON told him that he could not help him .	A baseball umpire called a player out in a close game . The coach of the player walked up to ask how the ump made the call . During their conversation , the coach slipped the umpire $ 50 . The umpire snuck the money into his pocket . After pretending to think it over , the umpire reversed his call .	PERSON had a job interview for a position she really wanted . The interviewer said the company would call the next day . That day , PERSON discovered her phone had no dial tone . She frantically searched and finally saw her room phone off the hook . She fixed it and a minute later got the call : she was hired !	The phone vibrated violently next to PERSON . He picked it up and looked at the screen . He would ignore the call . The phone finally stopped vibrating and then started again . PERSON sighed and answered it , knowing he would finally meet his fate .	I had two people at the office to see me . I did not make it back there in time . I invited them to a meeting there . My friend called me to let me know . I had gone to close a sale .	A man called me late in the afternoon on my house phone . He asked for PERSON , but my name was PERSON . He claimed that he had the right number and I was lying . I did not feel like arguing so I hung up . A few seconds later he called back .
promotion	PERSON had worked at the bank for nearly ten years . He had recently applied for a promotion to assistant manager . One day he was called into his boss 's office . His coworkers were there with cake and balloons . He had gotten the promotion !	PERSON heard from a co-worker that the company was going under . PERSON also heard rumors about upcoming layoffs . PERSON prepared for the worst as he was called into the boss 's office . PERSON gripped the arms of his chair as his boss began to speak . PERSON was offered a promotion because he could help save the company !	The company got a call from an angry client . The representative dealing with her ended up crying . I felt bad and decided to take over the call . At the end of the conversation , the client gave us more respect . My boss took me into the office and offered a new job .	PERSON has been working at his job for 4 years now . He is a hard worker and really passionate about his job . His boss noticed and decided to honor his hard work . He gave him a promotion . PERSON is happy to see that his hard work is paying off .	Team Impact came to my hometown . I took a few people . We took some fliers . We hung them on people 's doors . I did n't get to see them perform .	I worked hard for many months to get a promotion . I studied the materials needed for hours everyday . When I had my final interview for the promotion , I crushed it . My boss was very impressed with my skills and knowledge . I got the promotion and a raise !	PERSON was a hard working man . He did every job he was assigned with excellence . He never complained while on the job about anything . PERSON 's boss noticed his great work ethic and attitude . PERSON received a big promotion and pay raise .	PERSON was a housekeeper at an upscale hotel in LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . PERSON worked hard , learning the responsibilities of various positions . When a management position opened up , she put in for the job . After several agonizing weeks , PERSON was finally given the position . Now the hotel 's housekeeping is better than it 's ever been .	PERSON noticed a new team leader position had been posted at work . He went to HR and put in a bid for the job . His supervisor thought he was too nice for the job . PERSON won the bid and was promoted immediately . Within two weeks , PERSON 's line was number one in the plant .
boxing	PERSON wanted to be a boxer when he grew up . He asked his parents to sign him up for lessons . They encouraged him to take karate instead . They reasoned it was less likely to injure him . PERSON accepted the offer and slowly forgot about his boxing dreams .	I played the boxing game on nintendo . Every day after school , I competed with my brother . He was better than I was and got a lot further . One day I beat him at the game . He was angry and refused to speak to me .	PERSON joined the boxing club in school . He was big , so he thought it 'd be easy . But he lost his first three matches ! PERSON realized boxing was a lot harder than it looked . He saw that he would have to study and practice .	PERSON loved to train at his local boxing gym . One day he saw a professional fighter in there . The fighter 's manager needed someone to keep his fighter warm . PERSON offered to spar with the fighter . PERSON knocked the fighter out .	PERSON was a boxer . She practiced and finally qualified for a tournament . When she stepped into the ring , she noticed her opponent . It was her twin PERSON . They both refused to fight and the match was over .	PERSON wanted to learn how to box . So he got a boxing trainer . They trained for months . PERSON began to get better at boxing . A year later and PERSON knew how to box .	PERSON liked to box . He would practice all the time . He asked a friend to join him . The friend never done that before . PERSON accidentally knocked his friend out cold !	PERSON wanted to become a better boxer . He saw training footage of the boxing champion of the world . He saw the man shadow boxing while running . PERSON copied this training method . PERSON saw his skills improve after practicing the new training method .	PERSON always wanted to be a boxer . He took many lessons and worked hard to learn the craft . He won every fight he was put into . PERSON got selected for the title match ! He won and got enough money to live comfortably .
fired	PERSON got fired from his job for being late all the time . He was dejected . Then he went to the temp agency to get a new job . When they found him a place , he made himself a promise . He was never going to be late again !	PERSON loved his job . However , he was always late . His boss warned him many times about his tardiness . PERSON still did not change his ways . His boss finally had to fire him .	PERSON worked at a diner over the summer . He was constantly coming late . He assumed his manager did n't mind . One day his manager brought it up , causing a fight . PERSON was fired for being late and rude .	Frank arrived at work on time . His boss asked to see him in the office . Frank 's boss told him that he was fired . Frank had missed too much work over the past year . Frank went home and went back to bed .	PERSON is very excited when she hires her best friend . But when her friend does not respect her authority and is very lazy . She has to fire her friend . Her friend is mad that her best friend fired her . But eventually she understands why PERSON had to fire her .	PERSON made an error at work . He caused a lot of trouble . Later , his manager called PERSON to his office . There , he fired PERSON ! PERSON knew he deserved it .	PERSON needed to create a new presentation for his job . PERSON struggled to come up with new ideas . PERSON did not meet the deadline . As a result his presentation was incomplete . PERSON was fired from the job .	My friend got fired from her job . She was a teacher . She was fired for daring a couple kids to kiss each other . It was a boy and a girl . It took her a while to find another job .	PERSON was let go from her old job . She was devastated but kept her head up . She immediately applied for other jobs . After many failed applications she got a interview . After the interview she got the job .
dog food	PERSON 's dog needed dog food . But PERSON was headed to work . Her brother had the day off . She called him to ask him if he could buy the dog food . He said yes and got the dog food and now PERSON owed him money .	PERSON 's girlfriend had dogs . She asked him to pick them up some food . Unfortunately PERSON did n't know much about it . He got the wrong kind of food . His girlfriend had to pick out the right kind .	PERSON had a dog . He was almost out of dog food . PERSON did n't have money to buy the dog 's food . PERSON borrowed money from his brother . He used the money to buy a bag of dog food .	I did n't have money to buy dog food . I made my dog some white rice and eggs . She ate it quickly . When we went outside she ate dirt . I got free dog food samples from the store to tide her over .	PERSON bought his dog a new type of dog food . When he brought it home his dog ran up wagging its tail . It sniffed and nuzzled the bag curiously . PERSON poured out a bowl of it for his dog . It took a few bites and walked away , disinterested .	PERSON poured himself a bowl of cereal for breakfast . But he realized someone played a prank on him . It was dog food . But PERSON liked how it tasted . So he had dog food cereal the next morning too .	My husband usually feeds the dogs . We use a dehydrated food mixed with water . I just tried to mix it for them and they just looked at me . One of the dogs slightly snarled . I guess I 'll wait until my husband gets home !	I bought new dog food for my dog . He loved it ! One day , he fell sick . I took him to the doctor . It turns out my dog had an allergy to the dog food .	My grandmother loves dog . One day , she went into a shop to get some dog food . She went to the cashier to pay for it . The cashier said they need evidence that my grandmother has a dog . She went back to get her dog , just for the dog food .
the contest	PERSON was training to be a great cook . There was a competition downtown that he was entered into . He perfected the dishes he was going to prepare . When it was time to compete , PERSON got frazzled and burned all his food . He placed last in the competition and was very embarrassed .	The kids were all guessing numbers . They were having a contest to see who could guess the right one . They shouted out numbers until there was a winner . They sat down to think of another game to play . It was a very boring day !	I used to engage in a lot of contests . I liked the competition so I did well . I got sick when I started to get older . I ca n't compete in physical competitions anymore . Because I ca n't do physical things I started competing at chess .	There was a contest at the carnival . You could pay a dollar to guess how many jelly beans were in a jar . PERSON guessed the exact number . He was very proud of himself . He was even happier when he was handed $ 400 in prize money !	PERSON noticed a posting for a Creative Writing Contest at her school . She entered it and worked hard on a story . She did n't think it was very good and almost withdrew . However , she decided she had nothing to lose , and submitted it . She won second place and was encouraged to do more writing .	PERSON had won a thousand dollars . SHe 'd entered a costume contest at her school . Her Halloween costume had blown everyone else 's away . PERSON took pictures of herself wearing it . SHe could n't wait to show all her friends !	PERSON worked at an office that had a contest . They encouraged people to lose weight . The winner got a lot of good prizes . PERSON worked hard and lost the most weight . Everyone was proud and glad he won .	PERSON loves to cook and make elaborate dishes . She found out recently about a cooking contest with a great prize . The winner gets to meet their favorite celebrity chef as the prize . PERSON practiced and studied hard on many cooking skills . Her hard work paid off and showed because she won the contest .	PERSON entered his office 's chili cooking contest . He did n't have his own recipe . He decided to just get a lot of chili from Wendy 's . He added a bit of spices and that was it . PERSON won second place .
history test	PERSON has a history test . He has studied all week . However , he still did not feel ready . PERSON got to his test and took it . He did much better than he thought .	PERSON has a history test tomorrow . He has not studied at all . He decided to pull an allnighter . However , he fell asleep while studying . PERSON did not do well on his test .	PERSON has a history test tomorrow . He has not studied at all . He decided to pull an allnighter . However , as he was studying , he fell asleep . PERSON still was not ready for his test .	PERSON had a test in history . She had completely forgotten about it and did n't study . PERSON failed the test . The next time there was a test , she studied extra hard . PERSON did well on that test and improved her grade .	PERSON was taking a history class . He had a test coming up . He did n't study for it at all . When the day of the test came , he was totally lost . He decided to study harder from then on .	PERSON has a history test tomorrow . He has not studied . He decided to stay up and pull an allnighter . When he got to school he fell asleep . PERSON failed his test .	PERSON has a history test . He has studied for two days . He believed he was ready . When he got to the test , he panicked . He ended up missed ten questions , and failed .	Today I had a history test . I arrived just in time . I sat down to take my test . I realized I did n't remember anything on the test . I tried my best , but I think I failed .	PERSON has a history test . He has been studying for weeks . When he got to class he was still nervous . He saw his test and knew all the answers . PERSON aced his test .
football game	PERSON is a huge football fan . He is a fan of the local college . There was a huge game coming up that he wanted to attend . PERSON knew he could n't afford it . His wife surprised him with tickets .	PERSON was in charge of lining up people to work at a football game . She contacted the five groups that would be working . She gave them instructions on what time and where to check in . One group did not have enough people to work the game . Another group had to bring more to help out so that we had enough .	PERSON 's football game was on Monday . His entire family came to see him play . He ended up scoring a touchdown for his team ! His team ended up winning . His family was very proud .	Red had a big football game to play in one day . He woke up and had a big breakfast and got ready to go . He got to the game and huddled with his teammates . Red played very hard and well . They won the game when Red scored the winning touchdown !	The football game began that evening at dusk . At least , it was supposed to begin at dusk . The clouds began rolling in just as the game was supposed to start . Lightning started flashing as the football players came on the field . The coaches called the game until the lightning stopped .	The players were excited about the upcoming game . They were playing their biggest rivals . They needed this win to make sure they 'd make the playoffs . They put in their best effort all season . This win was the most important win on the year .	People were very passionate about football in PERSON 's hometown . PERSON was the quarterback of his high school football team . His team was set to play its biggest rivals . The whole town came to the game . PERSON led his team to victory .	The big football game was coming up soon . PERSON had practiced hard for weeks . His coach said he 'd get to start at quarterback . PERSON was nervous . He played really well and lead the team to victory !	PERSON 's birthday was in two days and his girlfriend got him a gift ! The gift was to go to a football game . PERSON was very excited and went to the game on his birthday . After the game PERSON took his girlfriend out to dinner . At the end of the night PERSON thought it was the best birthday ever .
marriage	It was the day of PERSON 's wedding . She was terrified , but excited . She waited in the dressing room until the wedding planner called her . She walked down the aisle with her father . When it was time , she said her I do .	PERSON finds out that he will lose his inheritance if he is not married . He only has 24 hours . So he quickly marries his best friend . When he gets the money they get divorced . PERSON is so grateful he gives his friend a reward	PERSON wanted to get married . PERSON was gay . PERSON was unable to get married . PERSON was upset . PERSON became depressed .	I loved a man whose religious beliefs were different from mine . I told my mother that I wanted to marry him . My mother was very angry and we had a huge fight . I went ahead and married him anyway . My mother and I no longer speak to each other .	PERSON wanted to start a family . He thought highly of family values . He met a great girl . They fell in love . They got married .	PERSON was married to PERSON . One day , PERSON met PERSON . She decided she did n't want to be married to PERSON anymore . They divorced . Now PERSON is in a relationship with PERSON .	PERSON got married in LOCATION LOCATION . But his family was from LOCATION . They all carpooled to get there . It was a very long drive . But they made it there for his happy day !	PERSON proposed to his girlfriend , PERSON . PERSON was very excited to marry PERSON . She began planning the wedding almost immediately . PERSON and PERSON were both nervous and happy for their big day . Now , they are happily married .	I wanted to get married but the law said I could n't . I pay taxes and obey the laws of the land . I protested and stopped paying taxes . The law now allows me to get married . I changed my mind about marriage .
science fair	PERSON did n't have any experiment to show for the science fair at school . He went to his father to ask for some help . As his father was a chemist he fashioned something complicated . PERSON went to school and fascinated everyone with his invention . But he did n't understand any of it himself .	PERSON was in the 9th grade . He had to enter the science fair . His teacher gave him his project guidelines . He followed them and came up with a project . PERSON placed third in the science fair .	PERSON 's school announced a science fair for his grade . PERSON went home and found a subject to cover . He bought the supplies and prepared his presentation . PERSON brought his project to school on the day of the fair . When the event was over , PERSON placed third .	PERSON won the regional science fair . Her project looked at nutrient levels in hydroponic farming . She got to participate in the state science fair at the Capital . On the way there , her apparatus broke in the van . She could n't fix it and had to go home .	PERSON had a science fair this week . His project was about the amount of sugar in different drinks . His board showed bags of sugar representing the amounts . Looking at the board was quite shocking . His project ended up winning second place !	PERSON had been looking forward to his 2nd grade science fair . He thought for a long time about what kind of project to do . In the end , he decided to go with an old classic and make a volcano . He took great care in making the volcano , and was proud to set it off . PERSON did n't win , but he did n't care - his explosion was spectacular !	PERSON entered his school 's science fair . He did an experiment and recorded the results . He took his results and made a poster out of them . He used this poster to explain his project . To his surprise , he won second place in the science fair !	PERSON entered in the science fair . She made a volcano that would explode . She thought she already had the win . She was wrong because someone else made the same thing . Turns out , PERSON and the other student tied for first !	PERSON has science fair judging tomorrow . He is extremely nervous . He spent three months on his project . He is convinced he will place but is still nervous . PERSON won first place and will advance to regionals .
frisbee	PERSON went to the park to play Frisbee . When she got there , she was disappointed . The weather was cold and very , very windy ! The wind stole her Frisbee and whipped it all over . PERSON decided to go home and wait for a calmer day .	PERSON never played with a frisbee before . We walked to the store and purchased a frisbee . Then we went to the park . I showed todd how to catch and throw a frisbee . PERSON is now joining a ultimate frisbee team .	PERSON threw a frisbee to her dog . The dog caught the frisbee . It brought it back to her . She threw it again . This time the dog missed .	PERSON and PERSON went to the beach . They started to toss the Frisbee back and forth . They played Frisbee for hours . They laughed and chatted as they played . They both had a great time on their beach trip !	PERSON was playing frisbee with his dog . PERSON accidentally threw it into a tree . His dog somehow brought him a ball to hit it down . PERSON managed to get his frisbee . Although he has his Frisbee , PERSON realised someone now lost their ball .	Some friends invited me to play frisbee on the quad . It was my first time and I was nervous . I did n't want to look dumb or unathletic . I figured it would be easy enough . Unfortunately I got it stuck on a tree in the first throw .	I was bored while eating lunch . My dog was begging for my food . I told her I did n't have any left . I finally threw the plate across the room like a frisbee . She ran after it and licked it .	I just bought a puppy ! The puppy had never played with a frisbee . Thus , I took him to the backyard to play frisbee . Alas , the puppy did not understand the game . I gave up and we went back inside the house .	PERSON went to the beach . PERSON played frisbee . PERSON hit someone in the head with the frisbee . PERSON apologized . PERSON stopped playing frisbee on the beach .
voting	PERSON wanted to vote . PERSON wanted to be an informed voter . PERSON carefully researched the candidates stances on every issue . PERSON became an informed voter . PERSON voted for the candidate he liked the most .	PERSON was excited because he just turn eighteen and could vote . So PERSON learned about the political candidates . He found who he thought was good for the country . He registered to vote . Got his ballot and voted .	My son received an official looking letter . It requested that he change his voter registration address . I was about to give it to him . I looked and saw it was from a non profit political group . I ignored the letter .	PERSON wanted to vote in the election . Unfortunately PERSON knew nothing about politics . PERSON decided to read online about the candidates . She learned about their stances on all of the issues . She made an informed decision at the voting booth .	On a primary election day , my 99 year old neighbor sat in the lobby . He wanted to know if anyone could drive him to vote . I did not have access to a car . The concierge asked my sister in law to drive the man . She was reluctant , but she drove him to the polls .	PERSON tried to convince his neighbor not to vote for PERSON PERSON . PERSON 's neighbor got very upset at his suggestion . PERSON tried to calm his neighbor 's attitude . PERSON finally gave up and went inside his house to hide . PERSON never did convince his neighbor to change his vote .	PERSON wanted to vote . He filled out the registration in high school . The registration got destroyed in the mail for some reason . PERSON felt down about it and decided not to register . That is , until he got older and did it again .	PERSON was excited because she had just turned eighteen . This made her eligible to vote for the first time . She carefully studied each candidate . She made sure that she had gotten registered on time . When election day came PERSON voted for who she thought was best .	PERSON wanted to vote . He went to go wait in line . He waited a long time . Finally it was his turn . They unfortunately sent him home because he was not registered .
the job	Today was the day PERSON began her new job . She was very nervous . On her first day , everyone was friendly . She liked her new coworkers . PERSON decided she loved her new job .	PERSON needed a job badly . He lied on his resume . The boss liked what he saw on the resume . He called in LOCATION for a resume . The boss found out that PERSON was lying and he did n't get the job .	PERSON will be graduating in two months . She decided that she wanted to apply for a job . She applied for a local teaching job . She was nervous before the interview . PERSON was hired to fill the teaching position on the spot .	PERSON has the worst luck finding a job . He went to PERSON 's List and looked over the job listings . He came across a job lead managing the social media for a company . He used a Facebook fan page he made as an example of his work . PERSON landed the position and makes sixteen dollars per hour .	PERSON saw a job posting for an advisor at a new company in town . PERSON knew he was n't qualified but he applied anyway . He received a phone call for an interview the following week . PERSON lied on his resume and was hired immediately . Due to the stress of not knowing what to do , he quit two days later .	I got offered a job yesterday . It is just a part time job . I can do the work at home . Which is nice because I have kids . I am really thinking of taking the job .	PERSON was about to start graduate school in a couple of months . She needed money but it was not enough time to get a job . However , PERSON found out that she could work online . She did it for several hours a day . By the time graduate school started , PERSON had some money saved .	Ally needed a job . She decided to apply to be a secretary . Ally got the job . A month later , she was sick of how boring it was . Ally quit her job and got another job that was less mundane .	PERSON was miserable at her job . Her boss was annoying and unreasonable . One day he was being especially unfair . PERSON had enough . She got up and walked out the door , never to return .
the cruise	The family arrived at the port to take their cruise . They were so excited ! At their first port , they got terribly lost . They missed the cruise leaving . They were stranded in LOCATION .	PERSON and PERSON were going on a cruise for their anniversary . They booked and packed for a trip to the LOCATION . This was to be PERSON 's first time out to sea . PERSON became nauseous and dizzy . Till this moment PERSON never realized how terrible sea sickness was .	The PERSON family went on a cruise one summer . First they went to the pool and swam . Then they went to the tennis court . Finally the adults went to the club and danced . Everyone had a fun time .	PERSON graduated college and was excited for her future . Her family wanted to do something special for PERSON . Her mother surprised her with tickets for a cruise . The entire family went on the cruise and had a great time . PERSON was very happy and thankful for her family .	The family took a cruise through the LOCATION . They saw amazing historical sights . The beaches were beautiful . The food was delicious . They went home and could n't wait to go on another trip !	The family was going on a cruise . They were excited . It was ten days long . They went on the cruise . They had a great time .	The family liked to travel . They thought a cruise would be a good way to see the world . They were very disappointed by the experience . The room was tiny and the food was terrible . They wished they 'd taken a different kind of vacation .	PERSON had children at a young age and spent most of his life working . His co-workers and kids knew the one vacation he truly wanted . As a surprise for his retirement they sent him on that vacation . PERSON went on an all expenses paid three week LOCATION cruise . Those who visit him have the pleasure of a recounted tale of that trip .	PERSON was invited on a cruise by an older man . She was flattered but felt worried . She had never gone on a cruise before but did n't like him . In the end PERSON decided to turn the offer down . PERSON told the man and he was sad but accepted .
PERSON 's accident	Karen is an animal lover and a kind soul . She would never hurt any living thing on purpose . One day , on her way to work , a squirrel ran in front of her car . She did n't have time to stop and accidentally hit the squirrel . PERSON was heartbroken about the accident that killed the creature .	PERSON was going inside a mall store . He did n't notice the wet floor sign . He slipped and fell down . This caused him to break his leg . He blame the store even though it was his fault obviously .	PERSON was on a field trip with her third grade class . They were walking around a farm , and she suddenly needed a bathroom . PERSON tried to tell her teacher , but her teacher ignored her . PERSON peed in her pants . PERSON 's mother was called , and she brought her home early .	PERSON was riding horses with her family . The horse started to pick up speed . Suddenly , the horse was spooked . The horse threw PERSON and she hit a tree . PERSON was knocked unconscious and was rushed to the ER .	PERSON was driving to school one day . She was turning onto a different road when she had an accident . Another car had slammed into the side of the car . PERSON 's car was really banged up . Thankfully PERSON escaped the crash barely hurt .	PERSON was riding her bike after a rain storm . Her tire slipped on some wet leaves , and PERSON took a spill . She suffered a small fracture in her wrist . The doctor had to put a cast on her wrist . Despite the awkward cast on her wrist , PERSON went riding the next day .	PERSON was going too fast on his motorcycle . He went around a curb at an excessive speed . He flipped and had to go to the ER . He was airlifted and had to stay overnight . Luckily , PERSON is okay .	PERSON loved to skateboard . He was at the skate park and tried a new trick . The new trick was really dangerous . PERSON accidentally fell from the ramp . PERSON landed badly on his leg and broke it .	PERSON got drunk at a party . She thought she was sober enough to drive home so she got in her car . Shortly after leaving the party she crashed into a pole . PERSON survived but was taken to the hospital just in case . After many tests she was allowed to leave the hospital .
the lottery	PERSON wanted to win the school lottery . The prize was a new bike . She got all of her friends to enter . When the lottery was announced , she did not win . However , her friend won and shared the bike .	PERSON and his co workers bought tickets for the lottery . PERSON and his workers won the lottery and were all instant millionaires He and his fellow employees all quit their jobs . PERSON spent his money wisely and he never worked again . He was happy about buying the lottery ticket .	PERSON finished pumping gas and went into the store to pay . While he was paying he decided to get a lottery ticket . He went home that night and forgot all about the lottery ticket . He left it in his pants pocket when he did the laundry . The lottery was hit but never claimed .	PERSON had extra money and wanted to play the lottery . She paid $ 50 for some lottery tickets to win the big jackpot . PERSON was confident that today was her lucky day . When the winning numbers were announced , none of them were hers . PERSON decided she would never gamble that much money again .	PERSON was very poor . One day , he decided to test his luck with the lottery . He purchased a ticket . The next week , he learned that he won the lottery ! PERSON was now a millionaire and could live a comfortable lifestyle .	PERSON always played the lottery . Last week she won a big jackpot . It was millions of dollars and she told everyone . Now she has no time to herself . Everyone keeps hitting her up for money .	The jackpot was set at 10 billion dollars . Everyone at work bought tickets . When the drawing was held , all the tickets were compared . Only one ticket one . The winnings were split between all the workers .	PERSON plays the lottery scratch off tickets every single day . He has won some money , but lost some too . One day he hit his biggest winnings yet . He scratched off a $ 250,000 winner . This has only convinced him to play more often .	PERSON was down to her last dollar . Getting laid off had been very hard . The bills were piling up and PERSON was afraid . She decided to take a risk and spend the last of her money . Two days later , PERSON held the winning ticket to a million dollars .
new hairstyle	PERSON has been working on some new hairstyles for me . She is so creative . I love the styles she comes up with . She will be coming over today . I can not wait to see what she does .	PERSON had really long hair . She wanted a shorter hairstyle but did n't know what kind . She looked through several magazines for ideas . Finally she found a picture of the short hairstyle she wanted . She was so happy with the results she treated herself to a nice lunch .	Dutch braids were all the rage now . PERSON wanted to try them on herself . So she looked up a video . She proceeded to try . But they looked terrible on her .	PERSON needed something new . She needed a different hairstyle . She got out scissors and started cutting . She cut off six inches . When PERSON was done she was happy with it .	PERSON wanted to switch up his hairstyle . PERSON was tired of wearing his hair in cornrows . PERSON decided it was time to cut his cornrows off . PERSON was scared of the change , but decided to embrace it . PERSON was disappointed that he cut his hair off .	PERSON wanted a new haircut . She was tired of her old style . She was feeling adventurous . She went to the hair salon . At the last minute she chickened out .	I 've had the same haircut for Years . I wanted to try something different . My friends and girlfriend gave me different ideas . Everyone was excited to see what I did . I just kept my old cut again .	PERSON wanted a new hairstyle . It was time for a change . She went to the salon for a new cut . After the cut PERSON looked in the mirror . Her hair was all cut off .	PERSON was nervous to try a new hairstyle . She decided to dye her hair purple yesterday . It was a curious decision . As she went to school the next day she actually got compliments . People ended up loving it .
the hunt	PERSON told me he was going hunting with his parents . He never shot a gun before so he drug me along to a range . Me and him shot a few guns and he felt he was ready . PERSON went hunting with his parents the next day . He told me the hunt was amazing and he shot a deer !	PERSON was going hunting with his dad . This was PERSON 's first time hunting . On the first day PERSON 's father shot a deer . By the end of the trip PERSON had still not been able to hit anything . PERSON was disappointed to have been unsuccessful on the hunt .	PERSON loved to hunt deer . He was out in the forest on day . He had been tracking a deer for miles . He spotted in the middle of a large field and took a shot . He had to carry back 120 pound of deer that day .	It is hunting season in the northern part of the county . After getting a permit , I packed my truck with the needed equipment . I requested time off from my job . When the weekend came , I quickly headed north . I did n't catch anything , but I still had a great time .	An indian was hunting deer in the forest with his bow and arrow . He came across a large deer in a clearing . As he launched his arrow a mountain lion pounced the deer . The arrow now missed the deer and hit the lion . The indian felt that this was a sign that the deer was meant to live .	I decided to go hunting . I had never hunted before . I bought a rifle and headed into the woods . I killed a deer . I felt terrible and decided to never hunt again .	PERSON had spent the week at a hunting camp . He had brought home two deer . PERSON had the deer processed . PERSON gave some of the meat to friends and family . He kept the rest of the meat and put it in his freezer .	A hunter was crouching down on the forest floor . He was listening intently for any sounds . Suddenly a loud cry erupted beyond the foliage . It was the mating call of a buck . The hunter bolted up and ran to the source of the sound .	Two men wandered the woods looking for deer to hunt . They followed tracks that led to a set of bushes . One hunter shot his gun at random in the bush . Birds scattered at the sound instantly . Still no sign of deer .
woods	PERSON went into the woods by himself . He suddenly got lost . He did not know where to go . He was wandering for an hour . He finally went out .	PERSON became lost in the woods . He ran to the right , and the to the left . He ran uphill and down , but to no avail . He started to cry , convinced he 'd die . His Mom found him and brought him home safely .	PERSON wanted to get away for a little while . He packed his things into a suitcase . He then took a plane to LOCATION . There he went camping in the woods . It was an enjoyable experience for him .	PERSON and PERSON like to go in the woods . They enjoy building forts . They also enjoy riding bikes on the trails . Sometimes they get lost . Luckily they always find their way home .	PERSON was taking pictures in the woods . Suddenly , he got lost . It was getting dark so he panicked . He ended up making it out . He was really relieved .	PERSON was hiking in the woods when he came across huge tracts . Curious , he followed them until he came upon a bear like creature . It charged at him and he ran . Just as it was about to get him it stepped in a trap . PERSON got away but never went hiking again .	PERSON got lost in the woods . The night was getting darker . He got very nervous and he called out for help . As it got dark , suddenly the light came on in the street . He was able to make his way out .	PERSON and PERSON decided to go on a camping trip in the woods . They drove out to the woods and set up their tent . PERSON went off to find wood while PERSON waited at the tent . After a while , PERSON went to look for PERSON . Tim found PERSON in a diner drinking coffee .	The boy hid in the woods . His dad looked for him . It started to get dark . His dad got worried . His dad searched frantically for his son .
adoption	PERSON and PERSON wanted a child , but PERSON could not get pregnant . They finally decided they wanted to adopt a baby through foster care . PERSON was six years old and their first foster child . He was n't a baby , but he was still perfect . PERSON and PERSON adopted PERSON .	My son and I drove to the shelter to adopt a new cat . We spent two hours playing with over fifty cats . We were unable to decide on just one and drove home feeling sad . When we got home , we found a sweet little stray living in our garage . Our new kitty adopted us , which made us very happy .	PERSON walked to school every day . One day while walking , PERSON saw a small kitten all alone . The kitten looked scared and PERSON felt bad for it . PERSON reached down the pick up the kitten . As PERSON reached out , the kitten 's mother leaped out and bit PERSON !	PERSON and her parents were always very close . She loved them dearly but always felt a little unattached . She was cleaning her mother 's house one day and found some old papers . One of the papers was about an adoption of a girl named PERSON . PERSON confronted her parents and learned she was adopted at birth .	PERSON had been wanting a cat for her entire life . She always researched the best breeds , food , and toys . One day , PERSON finally went to the animal shelter to pick one out . She decided to adopt a big , fluffy PERSON PERSON cat ! PERSON was thrilled to have a new best friend forever .	I visited a friend who worked at the Humane Society . She was showing me around the shelter . I locked eyes with a large black dog . I knew that dog belonged with me . He came home with me two days later .	PERSON was pregnant and unwed . She could not raise a baby on her own . She decided not to abort it . She had the baby and gave it up for adoption . PERSON was satisfied with her decision .	PERSON wanted to have a child of her own . She struggled from serious fertility issues . She tried every method possible but could n't conceive a child . PERSON decided to adopt a baby . She has never been happier in her life .	PERSON wanted to adopt a kitten . She found one she really liked with black and gray spots . The owner decided not to adopt the kitten out . PERSON went home feeling defeated . The owner called a day later to say she had changed her mind .
the cat	The family wanted to adopt a pet . They went to the shelter and found a cat . He was very sweet and affectionate . THey brought him home and gave him lots of toys . The cat was so happy with his new family !	PERSON had always wanted a cat . One day she saw this poor kitten that was abandoned by it 's mother . She took the kitten home and nursed it with baby bottles . The cat grew up pretty fast and was very healthy . After taking care of the cat for so long she decided to keep it .	PERSON got a new cat . The cat always ran from PERSON . PERSON bought a bright ball of yarn . The cat was curious . Then PERSON and the cat played with the yarn together .	PERSON was looking after a friend 's cat for the weekend . She owned two small dogs and thought they 'd get on well with the cat . Unfortunately the cat had other plans and started a fight . The poor dogs eventually escaped but got quite hurt in the process . PERSON had to rush to the vet and took the cat back to his owner !	PERSON loved his cat Jingles . His face would light up every time he saw Jingles . One day Jingles got sick . Jingles ended up passing away . Now PERSON is sad .	I went to the SPCA last Friday to find a new cat . When I went into the cat room I was overwhelmed by how cute they were . The cats all meowed and begged for attention as I walked around . Then one little orange cat specifically stood out to me . I picked him up and just knew I found the cat for me .	PERSON found a stray cat on her street . She decided to take the cat in . When she took the cat inside , she gave him some tuna . The cat ate quickly . PERSON named the cat Mittens .	PERSON was out for a run . She found a newborn kitten on the side of the road . The kitten was abandoned . She decided to keep the cat . She named the cat Runner and had him for 20 years .	PERSON decided she wanted a pet . She went to the shelter and rescued a cat . She was so excited to start their lives together . For the next few days , the cat scratched up all of her furniture . PERSON was surprised and wished she had gotten a dog instead .
the coach	PERSON coached a youth football team . He had the kids run two laps before every practice . One boy fell when running his laps . The boy skinned his knee badly . PERSON called the boy 's parents .	The coach decided to assign team workouts . Everyone had to be at the gym at 6am . When a team member was late , everyone had to run extra . The coach believed this taught responsibility . It only made the team mad .	PERSON decide to volunteer more this year . She decided to coach her daughter 's softball team . She did n't know anything about softball . She figured that it would all work out . After the first practice , PERSON began to wonder what she had done !	PERSON volunteered to help with his daughter 's team . He was named head coach ! He did n't know much about soccer , but he promised he would learn . The team did well that year . They won all of their games !	PERSON was coaching a soccer team . She was teaching them lots of plays . The team played their first game very well . They won by a point . PERSON was so proud of her team !	PERSON loves to be active . His favorite sports include baseball and basketball . After he finished school he became a coach . PERSON loved coaching . His first year as basketball coach the team won the championship .	PERSON was a star football player in high school . Every year , he broke all kinds of records and won lots of awards . PERSON dreamed of playing professional football . PERSON hurt his knee very badly at practice and could n't play anymore . He was asked to become a football coach and he took the job !	At Christian High School the head coach quit his job in 1970 . In the middle of the season the school could not replace him . The assistant coach took his place hoping to obtain victory . Everyone was skeptical because of the man 's color . Against odds and mockery , the man came out on top and won the season .	PERSON had signed up his son to play tee ball . There were n't enough coaches in the league . The director asked PERSON to help coach the team . PERSON agreed to help coach the team . His son enjoyed having him around .
the shower	PERSON was at his family 's house for winter break . One day , he needed to go the bathroom so he walked down the hall . He got to the bathroom door and opened it . Suddenly , he heard a loud scream and saw his sister was in the shower . PERSON quickly apologized and closed the bathroom door .	PERSON was working hard in his bathroom . He was removing his shower and tiling it . He 'd selected a tiny mosaic tile . It was going to take a lot of work but it would be worth it . PERSON could n't wait to see the final product !	PERSON 's friends threw her a bridal shower . They decorated the room with cute decorations . They played silly games . The guests all brought gifts . It was a great time celebrating the future bride !	PERSON just had new baby . It did n't really go to sleep . She did n't know if she could take a shower . It went to sleep later . She had time to take a shower .	PERSON was hosting a baby shower at her home . She mailed out cards to the guests . PERSON planned party games to play . She decorated her home for the party . PERSON went to the store to pick up a cake .	PERSON had been hiking all day . She went home to take a shower . She could n't wait to get all the dirt off of her . She turned the knob but nothing happened . The water had been shut off !	PERSON took off his clothes and stood looking in the mirror . He popped a pimple on his face and smoothed his beard . He turned the water on and set it to hot just like he like it . When it was time to enter the shower , he put one foot under the water . Finally , he jumped under the spray of water to complete his shower .	PERSON was tired from work . He wanted to take a hot bath . He noticed his tub was really dirty . He did n't want to clean it . PERSON decided to just take a shower instead .	PERSON went for a long run . He was sweaty and exhausted . He hopped in the shower to get rinsed off . He felt so much better ! The shower had refreshed him .
burned	PERSON went to the beach for summer vacation . She forgot to take her sunscreen with her . On the first day at the beach , PERSON got a bad sunburn . PERSON had to spend the rest of her vacation indoors . PERSON promised herself that she 'd never forget the sunscreen again .	PERSON fell asleep on the beach one afternoon . When she woke , five hours had passed ! With horror , she checked her pocket mirror . She was beet-red and very very burned ! PERSON was lucky she had not gotten sun poisoning .	I fell asleep on the beach one day . The warm sun lulled me , and I slept for hours . Then I awoke to serious pain . I had been burned very badly ! I vowed never to pass out on the beach again !	PERSON was making pancakes . Then her phone rang , and she answered it . It was her best friend calling ! The two girls gossipped for a few minutes . Then PERSON realized that she had burned her pancakes !	PERSON ordered chicken wings from her local pizzeria . But when they arrived , she was disappointed . The wings were very burned ! PERSON could n't help but call and complain . Soon they sent her a new order of fresh , tasty wings !	PERSON liked to help his Mother make dinner . One evening Mother was boiling water to make Macaroni and Cheese . PERSON came to the kitchen to help as usual . He tried to look into the pot , but knocked the pot off the stove ! ` . The hot water burned PERSON 's foot badly .	PERSON was reading a book outside . She fell asleep in the lawn chair . The sun was shining brightly . PERSON was n't in the shade . PERSON got a sunburn .	PERSON ordered a well done pizza . But when it arrived , she was shocked . The pizza was burned black ! She called the store and complained about the pizza . Soon they had a fresh pizza delivered to her .	PERSON has red hair , brown freckles and pale skin . He usually avoids the beach because he burns so easily . Yesterday , however , his girlfriend made him go . She forgot to pack sunscreen . Now PERSON has red hair , brown freckles and red skin .
basketball game	PERSON wanted to go to the basketball game . She had no one to go with her . She asked her friend PERSON . PERSON agreed to go with her . They enjoyed cheering for the basketball team .	PERSON had a basketball game at school . He was going to play with his team against the competition . PERSON felt a bit ill the day before the game . PERSON went to the doctor and was told he had the flu . He decided not to play in the game .	My favorite basketball team was playing in town yesterday . I went to the arena to purchase my tickets . I purchased tickets that were close to the court . My team played one the game . I jumped up and cheered !	I went to play basketball with some friends . I was nervous because I never played basketball . My friends said they would help me out . My team ended up losing 67-0 . I was just happy that I had fun with my friends .	PERSON was watching the basketball game on television . He was very upset that his team was losing . With only seconds left , his team scored 2 points . These two points were enough to give his team the lead . PERSON was very pleased his team ended up winning .	My friend , PERSON , and I like to play basketball . We challenged semi-professional players once and almost won . They bet me that I would n't take the game-winning shot from half court . I took the bet and missed . We lost the game .	I invited my friend PERSON over to play some Basketball . When he arrived , I bet him I could beat him . As we played , it became obvious I would n't be winning this game . He won the game by 13 points , and I was shocked by how good he was . When it was all over , PERSON told me he was MVP at his High School .	PERSON 's team was down by 1 point with 10 seconds left . He caught the basketball near the 3 point arc . He dribbled left and right past the defender . He leaped in the air . He dunked it home to win it for his team .	PERSON had a basketball game tonight . He was rather nervous . Thankfully his team felt the same . However the team ended up winning the game . PERSON was relieved .
surfing	PERSON was a world-class surfer . He entered a surfing competition in LOCATION . One the day of the competition , the waves were very harsh . He was n't sure he could make it , but he finished the contest . He did n't place , but he was glad for the opportunity to compete .	PERSON was going to a surfing class at the beach . He was thrilled about learning a new skill . When he got to the assembled class he became very nervous . He decided to stick it out and do his best though . PERSON was happy he did because he loved it .	Drew wanted to learn to surf . He bought a surfboard and set out to the ocean . Unfortunately he lived in the middle of the country . He was miles from the ocean . It took him Years to get there .	PERSON tried surfing one day It took her several tries to stay on . PERSON eventually got the hang of it . She met several friends when she went surfing . PERSON was glad she tried something different .	I lived near the beach through my entire childhood and teenagerdom . I never learned to surf . Now I feel like I ought to at least try it . I bought some lessons . I had a good time , but I will probably not keep doing it .	PERSON went surfing with her friends one morning . As it was her first time , she took it slowly . She started by kneeling on the surfboard . And eventually she made it to a stand up position . When she managed to surf for two seconds , she screamed in victory .	PERSON wanted to learn how to surf very badly . Unfortunately , he had lost his foot in an accident . Still , he bought a surfboard and went into the ocean . He pushed himself up on the board , and balanced himself . He did it , he was surfing !	PERSON went surfing this weekend alone . He knows you should n't surf alone , but he still went . PERSON was having a lot of fun , until he saw a fin . He knew it was a shark , and started to paddle . He made it to the shore , looked back to see it was only a dolphin .	PERSON loved to surf . PERSON decided he would take his surfboard and go to the beach . Upon arrival , PERSON saw several other surfers in the water . PERSON decided that the beach was to crowded , and went home . PERSON was disappointed he would not get to surf today .
movie night	The kids just finished dinner and were ready for a movie . They could n't decide on what to choose . So they did rock paper scissors to see who picks . The youngest won , and picked his favorite movie . The oldest child would n't watch it and was very mad .	The Berks family gets together about once a month . They take turns who will host dinner and a movie night . It 's a way the family keeps in touch with each other . Mother Berks brings the candy and popcorn . All of the family uses these times to bond .	PERSON decided to go see a movie , but she did not want to go alone . She called several of her friends to ask them to come . However , nobody could come . Finally , PERSON agreed to the go to the movies with her . They had a great time !	PERSON invited her friend over to watch a movie . They decided to watch a horror movie . The girls curled up on the sofa . The DVD would not play . They decided to play cards instead .	PERSON and his friends went to see a movie . They did n't want to see a scary movie . They all agreed on an action movie . They decided to see the new Star Wars movie . They enjoyed the movie and went home .	We and PERSON went to the movie theater . After purchasing our tickets , we went inside . I ordered a huge container of popcorn and several drinks . The movie lasted several hours . I ended up falling asleep when the credits were playing .	PERSON and PERSON were going on a date . PERSON picked up PERSON at seven and they went out to dinner . After dinner , they went to the movie theater . They bought tickets to a romantic comedy and grabbed popcorn and seats . They enjoyed the movie and had a wonderful date .	PERSON wanted to watch some movies with friends . She invited people over but was n't sure which movie to watch ! She asked all her friends what they wanted to watch and they told her . She found that movie and put it in the movie player ! PERSON told me her movie night with friends was a big success .	PERSON and I went on a date to see a movie . We did a special deal at the theater for cheap . When we got into the movie PERSON dropped her soda ! The movie was already started but I went and got another for her . She was very grateful , unfortunately the movie was n't good .
PERSON 's adventure	PERSON was going to the beach on a sunny day . He got to the beach and the waves were very large . After going in the water for a bit , he decided it was too dangerous . Packing up all of his towels , he headed back to the car . When he got in the car , he saw storm clouds roll in .	PERSON liked to sit indoors playing video games . One day his favorite video game system broke . PERSON tried hard to fix it but could not . He was upset and bored until he went outside . PERSON found many exciting things outside and had a great time .	One afternoon , I let my dog , PERSON , outside to play . PERSON was enjoying herself until she noticed a rabbit nearby . The rabbit saw PERSON and started to hop away as fast as it could . PERSON chased the rabbit for a long time , but finally had to stop . She returned to the house , tired and ready for a long nap .	PERSON was walking in the woods . He heard the sharp snap of a twig somewhere behind him . PERSON was very worried about what had caused the sound . Quickly Adam turned around to find out . Adam discovered it was only a rabbit and breathed a sigh of relief .	PERSON was ready to see the world . He decided to head to the amazon rain forest . He landed and could n't believe the beauty of nature . He saw many types of wildlife and roamed the jungle . PERSON had the trip of a lifetime and ca n't wait to go back .	PERSON was bored with life , he need some entertainment . He decided to pack up and go on a cross country adventure . He invited his buddy PERSON and they left town . They traveled all the way from PA to CA . It was quite an eventful journey that had together .	PERSON the kitten was getting used to his new family . PERSON loved to roam the backyard with PERSON the cat . One day PERSON was alone in the yard and he saw another cat come over . PERSON was so excited to see another cat he rushed toward the cat . The other cat attacked him and ran , PERSON learned a lesson that day .	PERSON was always a troubled child . Last Tuesday she got in trouble with the police . She was found playing in the kid 's playground after hours . It 's normally not a big deal . Unfortunately PERSON was naked and is 32 .	PERSON went to the supermarket one night . He needed to buy a carton of cream for his favorite drink . He found the cream in the dairy aisle . PERSON took the cream to the cashier . He wrote a check to pay for the cream .
campfire	PERSON was a girl scout with a lot of badges . PERSON was missing one particular badge . She tried and tried to get a fire started . She managed to get a small fire started . PERSON earned her fire starter badge .	June was camping . She was trying to build a fire . At first she struggled . Finally she got it to light . June was proud of herself !	PERSON and his friends gathered around a campfire . They roasted hot dogs and were having a great time . PERSON suggested that they tell ghost stories . Fred started by telling a story first to his friends . His friends were so scared that they all went to sleep in their tents .	I started my first campfire the other night . First I gathered wood and kindling . Next I arranged the wood and kindling in the fire pit . I then lit the fire . Then we had an amazing campfire !	PERSON went out to her parents ' cabin to light a campfire . She stoked the fire until it was a roaring blaze . Then she sat in front of it and contemplated the nature around her . It was peaceful and very relaxing . PERSON had a great time enjoying the serenity of the campfire .	PERSON and PERSON went to the wilderness for their adventure . They set up their tent . They made a campfire to cook their food . Suddenly , a bear came attracted by the food on the fire . PERSON and PERSON escaped the scene waiting for the bear to leave .	The weather is starting to get warmer . We decided to have a camp fire yesterday . We figured it would be enough to keep us warm . All of a sudden big freezing winds hit . We had to give up and wait until later .	PERSON gathered wood for a campfire . He put the wood on the ground . His friend chopped the wood . Then his friend told PERSON to start the fire . PERSON started the fire for everyone .	PERSON and her friends went on a camping trip . When night fell , her friends all wanted to start a campfire . They quickly discovered that no one knew how to build one . PERSON proudly revealed that she knew how to build a campfire . She started the fire with ease , to the amazement of her friends .
concert	PERSON and I wanted to go to a concert so we bought tickets . We were n't sure about the time so we showed up very early . We ended up having to wait hours . When the concert went out we were both very excited and happy . At the end of the concert my ears were still ringing from the sound !	My coworker sang in the Chorus Pro Musica in 2004 . I attended one of his concerts . At the end of the concert I talked to his girlfriend . She was happy to see someone showing up to support him . I told her it was a good concert .	Harry loved to go to concerts but rarely did he have money for tickets . His favorite band was coming to town next month . He knew that he had to pay school fees instead of buying tickets . Secretly , PERSON 's girlfriend knew about this and bought him tickets . Harry was so surprised and grateful and attended the concert with her .	PERSON had never gone to a concert before . His friend PERSON offered him tickets . PERSON was excited . They attended the concert together . PERSON had one of the best times of his life .	PERSON had been invited to a concert with his friends . But he 'd never been to a concert and he was nervous ! He considered declining the invitation . Finally , his friends convinced him to go . PERSON went with them and ended up having a great time !	PERSON saw an ad where his favorite band was coming to town . He instantly logged onto his computer and bought a ticket . He bought a new outfit for the show . He arrived early to the show to hear the cover band . After the concert , he waited in line and got autographs .	Miles really wanted to go to the rock concert . His dad said he could go , on one condition . PERSON had to earn the money for the ticket himself . Miles started selling papers and mowing lawns on the weekends . By concert time , he had earned enough to pay for his ticket !	PERSON was ecstatic when he heard his favorite band would be in town . He tried to stay up late to buy tickets , but fell asleep too early . The next morning , he was heartbroken to realize the show was sold out . But when he went downstairs , his parents were waiting with 3 tickets . It was the best surprise PERSON had ever received .	PERSON 's favorite band was having a concert this weekend . PERSON and his friends had already bought tickets . PERSON eagerly wanted to move closer to the stage . PERSON and his friends spent all night jumping around to the music . PERSON 's ears were ringing all week .
camping trip	PERSON planned a big camping trip for the weekend . He asked his wife if she wanted to come , but she refused . So he ended up going there alone . While unloading his gear , he realized he forgot to pack his tent . He went back home deflated , but his wife was delighted to be with him .	My cross country coach had planned for us to sleep in beds . But the accommodations for our team camp fell through . So we went to her parent 's house to camp out . We had to figure out how to make the best of it . Some people did not like camping out .	PERSON and her dad always went camping every summer . They loved being outdoors in the wilderness seeing the animals . PERSON became gravely ill before their recent trip . She died before they could take one last trip together . Now , every summer PERSON 's dad remembers the fun he had with her .	Every year my family and I go on a camping trip in the woods . We drive up north into the mountains . This past summer we went camping in LOCATION LOCATION . We had a great time . I ca n't wait to go back .	PERSON went to the town fair with his friends yesterday . The boys ate some cotton candy at the stand . The highlight of the day was the hayride for the boys . When the day was over , the boys went on about a dozen rides . PERSON was very happy at the end of the day .	Every year my family goes camping in the backwoods . It is always a total blast . This summer we decided to go in the mountains . We got a tent and stayed for about a week . We ca n't wait until next year .	I went on a camping trip last Summer . I stayed at the campgrounds for two days . The weather was nice and warm . I spent time with friends and family . I am looking forward to my next camping trip .	PERSON and PERSON went camping in the woods . PERSON was very safety-conscious , but PERSON was not . PERSON left all his food on a picnic table overnight . While they were sleeping , a bear raided their campsite . PERSON decided he would not go camping with PERSON again .	My friends and I went on a camping trip . I was really excited to try out my new tent . We had a hard time setting it up because it did n't come with stakes . It was really windy and we were afraid the tent would blow away . We put all of our gear in the tent to weigh it down .
the monkey	PERSON went to the zoo . She wanted to see one of the new monkeys they had got . She read about him in some books . He came from LOCATION . She was so excited to see him .	PERSON was five Year 's old and loved monkeys . His mother decided to take him to the zoo to see his first monkey . PERSON was surprised by how smelly the monkey cage was . One of the monkeys kept pointing at PERSON and picking his nose . PERSON decided he did n't like monkeys anymore .	The family was on a trip in LOCATION LOCATION . They spotted a monkey outside their room ! The monkey was staring at them . They held out a banana and the monkey snatched it from them . It was amazing to see them so close up !	PERSON went with his class to the zoo . He saw some kids teasing a monkey . PERSON told them to stop it . The kids turned and started teasing PERSON . PERSON looked at the monkey and felt sad for both of them .	I am sitting at a desk . I turned on the computer . There was a picture of a monkey on it . I clicked on the picture of the monkey . I saved it as the background .	PERSON was visiting the zoo . She saw a monkey swinging through the trees . She laughed and took pictures of him . Monkeys were her favorite animal ! She was happy she had seen her favorite creature that day .	I went to the zoo . I saw some monkeys . I wished I had a pet monkey . Then I saw a monkey attack another monkey . I realized I did n't want a pet monkey anymore .	PERSON wanted a monkey for Christmas . He could n't have a monkey but he could go to the zoo . PERSON saw many monkeys at the zoo . For Christmas Tim got a puppy instead of a monkey . PERSON loves his puppy more than any monkey !	PERSON was on vacation in the rain forest . She saw lots of animals and interesting plants . PERSON took pictures of a monkey swinging from the trees . The monkey swung by her and touched her hair . It was an amazing experience !
the bus ride	The kids boarded the bus . They were going to ride it to their field trip location . They 'd never been on a bus before ! They marveled at the tall seats and big windows . It was a bumpy , fun ride !	As a little boy , PERSON loved riding buses . One afternoon his mother took him on a bus ride . PERSON shook with the vibration of the bus and laughed . A guy flirted with his mother . But PERSON did n't care , he was having the ride of his life .	I walked to the bus stop . I waited about fifteen minutes for the bus to arrive . When the bus came I realized I forgot my wallet at home . I asked the bus driver if I could pay tomorrow . He let me ride the bus .	PERSON was going to visit his grandfather in LOCATION This summer . He was nervous because this time he was catching the bus alone . The night before he could n't sleep worried he would get lost . On the way to the bus station his mom told him not to worry . PERSON started to feel excited for his new adventure .	Joy went wait at the bus stop . She could see the bus drive up to her . The bus kept driving down the road . The bus passed up PERSON . Joy 's mom had to bring her to school .	PERSON had never ridden the bus before . He thought it would be simple . It was but he was too nervous and made it harder . He wound up at the wrong spot . Eventually he gave up and called a cab .	PERSON 's class was going to the museum . All the other 5th graders were going as well . As PERSON waited to board the bus she saw PERSON the bully . PERSON stood in line scowling at LOCATION . PERSON had a bad feeling about this trip .	PERSON was riding the bus . It was his first time . He was nervous . He decided to listen to music . After a while the music had him completely relaxed .	PERSON was riding the city bus for the first time . She had read it was much more environmentally friendly . The people around her talked and chatted . They even included her in the conversation . PERSON decided she would ride the bus again .
easter	Yesterday was Easter . On Easter PERSON went to his friends house . PERSON 's friend threw a party . The party consisted of champagne and chocolate bunnies . PERSON loved the party .	We went to brunch this Easter . My wife found a nearby restaurant and made a reservation . My son came over and drove us . We had a big brunch and a nice dessert . My wife posted photos on Facebook .	We celebrated Easter yesterday . We went to church . We had lunch as a family . The younger children had an Easter egg hunt . It was a lovely day .	The first egg was in the chimney , with a clue . The kids followed the clue to the basement , they are excited . Once they got there , they could n't find an egg ! The parents forget where the put the egg , so they ended the egg hunt . Instead , they just gave the kids their basket of candy for Easter .	PERSON and his family made plans for Easter . His mom got very upset . She had wanted to make plans with him . He invited her along . She decided to spend the holiday alone .	PERSON loved Easter morning . She loved finding the basket that the bunny had brought . She always hoped it would be filled with candy and such . This time it was filled with all of her favorite things . She was happy that it was another great Easter .	PERSON was tasked the job of hiding the eggs for a egg hunt . It was Easter and the kids expected a challenge . So PERSON did his best to hide the eggs as best as he can . He hid them to good cause kids only found ten eggs out of forty . PERSON felt bad .	I sent my friend PERSON some candy for Easter . She loves Cadbury Cream Eggs . I bought a pack of three eggs and mailed them to her work . She sent me an email thanking me profusely . I like sending things to my friends .	Every year PERSON would go to her grandparents for Easter . This year they were going to have a special egg hunt . Many of the eggs would have money and prizes . PERSON brought her basket . She found the most eggs out of everybody there .
ice	Luckily there was a path for me . I navigated between the lanes of ice . Cars had caused the ice strips to be that way . I was on my motorcycle . There had been an ice storm .	PERSON hoped the weatherman was wrong and that it would snow . He looked longingly out the window at the dark clouds , expecting rain . His mother and the weatherman said it was going to rain . The next morning he woke up expecting wet soggy ground . But to his surprise it looked like a Christmas village outside !	PERSON needed ice . PERSON did not own an icemaker . PERSON visited the gas station . PERSON purchased ice . PERSON brought the ice home .	I was riding in a car with my boyfriend . There was snow and ice on the road . We came to a stop sign but the car would n't stop . We ran into another car in the intersection . It was n't a bad wreck , but it was scarey .	PERSON fell on a patch of ice while getting to his car . At first it only hurt so he was n't worried . But as the day passed by , he realized something was very wrong . He went to the hospital to have his hip checked . And was sent home with a three week admonition to stay in bed .	I was at a family picnic . Due to the hot weather , the ice ran out fast . I needed ice badly , but I did n't know what to do . I ran down the street to the store . I was the hero of the picnic when I came back with a bag of ice .	I used to deliver fliers everyday in the hot sun . My water bottle always ended up really hot . When I put ice in it , the ice melted . I decided to buy a special thermos that kept the cold in . Now I always had cold water when I was in the hot sun .	PERSON was a serious outdoorsman . PERSON loved the cold . He felt it made him healthier to expose himself to cold . PERSON decided to swim underwater for 100 yards , without breathing . PERSON successfully did it .	My front walkway froze overnight . It was icy and I slipped a little . I decided to drive to the store and buy salt . I salted the walkway . It 's now safer to walk since the salt melted the ice .
dead battery	On March 8 , 2013 , we decided to go to a restaurant . We could not start the car . A door was ajar overnight and the battery died . We got a jump and ran the car for an hour . By then it was too late to go to the restaurant .	I needed to move my car out of the garage so I could fix my motorcycle . The car had been sitting for about six months . When I tried to start it the battery was dead and it would not start . I put the battery charger on it and waited for a while . When I tried it again it started so I could move it .	PERSON never worried about his phone 's battery status . Being unemployed , he was trying to find a good job . While out with friends , his phone died , as usual . A potential employer called before PERSON bothered to charge his phone . Jeff now understands the value of keeping a charged phone .	PERSON was trying to make a call . His battery died . PERSON tried to find a power outlet to charge . No restaurants let him use their outlets . PERSON wished that cities still had pay phones .	PERSON 's car would n't start . It was a dead battery . A nice man stopped to help . He was able to charge the battery with his car . PERSON was able to drive the car from the store .	When I tried to leave , my car would n't start . I had jumper cables with me in the car . I just needed someone 's help to start the car . Before I knew it someone had stopped to help . We were able to jump-start the car without a problem .	PERSON tried to start his car . It would n't turn over . He knew he had enough gas . He asked a friend for a jump start . That got it going because his battery was dead .	PERSON planned to wait in the car as her husband worked a late shift . She brought a book to pass the time . PERSON turned on the overhead light and read until the light dimmed . PERSON realized she had drained the car battery . She turned off the light and pretended to be sleeping .	PERSON was out with friends . His wife tried to call him due to an emergency . PERSON forgot to charge his phone . His wife called one of his friends . They let him know about the emergency .
PERSON 's baby	PERSON was very pregnant with her firstborn child . When she finally went into labor , she was 3 weeks overdue . She went to the hospital for a painful delivery . The baby spent 2 weeks in the NICU because of illness . Now , PERSON and the baby are healthy and home together .	PERSON wanted to have a child . She did n't care if it was a boy or a girl . She became pregnant . PERSON ended up having twins . She had one boy and one girl and was thrilled !	PERSON gave birth to a nine pound baby . Her baby was large for a newborn , and healthy . PERSON then came down with a cold , and gave the cold to the baby . The baby became sick and had to see the doctor . The doctor treated the baby , and it got well .	PERSON was anxiously awaiting her baby 's birth . She had tried for years to get pregnant . Her due date was fast approaching . When the baby was born , PERSON 's whole family was there . They rushed in the room , eager to meet the baby .	PERSON wanted to have a child . PERSON was in an accident and could never have children . She decided to try to adopt a baby . PERSON spent years trying to adopt a baby . PERSON was never able to adopt a baby .	PERSON met a nice young man and fell in love . She adored him , and soon married him . After being married for some time , they decided to have a baby . After several months , they were able to conceive . PERSON had a baby girl that looked just like her .	PERSON desperately wanted a baby of her own . She and her husband tried for years but nothing happened . One day , PERSON 's sister got pregnant by accident . Her sister could not take care of the baby because of bad health . PERSON adopted her niece and at last had a baby .	PERSON is pregnant . She is anxiously awaiting giving birth . PERSON wakes up in the middle of the night with contractions . PERSON is rushed to the hospital . She gives birth to a healthy baby girl .	PERSON and her husband want to start a family . They try to get pregnant to have a baby . They struggle with their fertility . PERSON and her husband decide to see a doctor for help . Within a year they have a healthy baby girl .
halloween costume	PERSON took her daughter to the mall for a Halloween costume . Her daughter picked out a fairy costume . PERSON paid for the costume . They got ice cream at the mall . They went home .	PERSON wanted to be a unicorn for Halloween . She looked all over for a unicorn costume . She was n't able to find one . PERSON saw a cute cowgirl costume at the store . She decided to be a cowgirl instead .	PERSON had always been a zombie for halloween . Her mom keep telling her she was not old enough . This year when PERSON asked her mom about the costume she agreed . PERSON got to work on the costume . On Halloween PERSON was very proud of her zombie costume .	PERSON worked on her Halloween costume for months . She wanted to enter different costume contests . Halloween weekend PERSON went to several bars and clubs . She did n't win a single contest . PERSON was distraught and cried about it for months .	PERSON was having a hard time deciding what her costume would be . She kept browsing Amazon to see if there was anything in her budget . At first it was really hard trying to find the perfect costume . Finally after many days of searching she had found the perfect one . She ordered a raver zombie costume that was on sale .	PERSON loved Halloween He started working on his costume early . he spent a lot of time perfecting it . Halloween night he wore it proudly . Everyone loved it and gave him compliments .	PERSON was so excited for Halloween . He already decided to dress as a ghost . His mom helped to get his costume ready . PERSON put his ghost costume on for the night . PERSON and his mom went out for trick-or-treating .	PERSON was terrible at making costumes . He always waited until the last minute . This year was no different . He made up something dumb at the last minute . Nobody thought it was clever or funny .	PERSON was deliberating what to wear for Halloween this year . PERSON decided he would go as PERSON , and his brother as PERSON . In addition , PERSON would dress his son up as PERSON as well . PERSON was surprised to see his nephew dressed as PERSON . PERSON loved the costumes that they decided to wear for Halloween .
the babysitter	PERSON was being left with a babysitter for the first time . She was nervous . She accidentally spilled her cup of milk . The babysitter smiled and helped her clean it up . PERSON felt comfortable with the nice babysitter !	Sue babysits for her neighbors on the weekend . She sits on the couch while the kids play in their room . She also talks to her friends on the phone . The parents arrive back home just before midnight . They pay Sue a good amount of money for babysitting the kids .	PERSON was a full time babysitter who loved her job . She was highly recommended and everyone loved her work and price . When the PERSON 's hired her they were shocked when they got home early . They found her with a boy in their living room and she was also drunk . PERSON was fired and no one wanted to hire her after that day .	PERSON 's mother and father wanted to go on a date . They hired a babysitter . The babysitter played games with PERSON . They had a lot of fun . When PERSON 's parents came home , she was fast asleep .	PERSON showed up to babysit the kids . She brought books and crafts . She thought they would all have a fun time . The kids threw things and tied her to a chair . She never babysat those kids again !	PERSON 's mom told her to babysit her little brother PERSON . PERSON was annoyed because she would rather go to the mall . PERSON asked PERSON to play a game . The two ended up having a lot of fun together . PERSON said that she would babysit PERSON any time .	PERSON was a willful child without a strong adult figure . As a result of her willfulness , very few people wanted to watch her . One day , a college girl named PERSON watched after PERSON . She realized that what PERSON needed was somebody to care about her . PERSON decided to babysit PERSON and provide her with stability .	PERSON began babysitting her mother 's employer 's son . She found a disturbing photograph in the house . She was bewildered by the photo . PERSON questioned her mother 's boss about the picture . She was reassured her that it belonged to her eldest son .	PERSON hired PERSON to babysit her kids . PERSON showed up with toys and games . They read lots of books and sang songs . The kids went to bed on time and the house was spotless . PERSON recommended PERSON to all her friends !
dinner time	My little brother and sister were outside playing . I just finished cooking dinner and called them inside . They said the would come in later , but I said it 's ready now . In one hour they finally came inside to eat . The food was cold , and they got mad , but I warned them .	PERSON noticed that PERSON was getting rambunctious . It was dinner time . PERSON had worked to long so he had n't prepared dinner . He put a box of bagel bites in the microwave . PERSON was much happier with the bagel bites than PERSON was .	PERSON was trying to decide what she would have for dinner . It was getting late and she was hungry . Nothing sounded good and nothing was in the fridge . She decided to drive around to find something . She felt a little guilty but she decided on fast food .	It was dinner time at PERSON 's house . His mother bought pizza . PERSON wanted to eat pizza out of his Spiderman bowl . His mother told him he had to eat off a plate . PERSON refused to eat until she put pizza in his Spiderman bowl .	PERSON and PERSON went out to dinner . They sat at the table and placed their order . The waiter brought them their food . PERSON accidentally knocked over his plate ! PERSON had to clean up all of the food that he spilled .	I was making lasagna for the first time . I went to the store and bought all the ingredients . After everything was prepped the lasagna went into the oven . When I pulled it out it looked delicious . I invited all of my friends for dinner and it was terrific .	PERSON loved to barbecue . He bought the biggest steak he could find at the store . He prepared the coals and had the steak ready to cook . The steak had been cooked to perfection . PERSON loved eating the steak .	The dog was hungry . He was in a house all by himself . He went looking for food in his bowl . There was no food in the bowl ! The dog went to take a nap while he waited for his owner to come home .	PERSON is making homemade mac & cheese . He begins boiling the noodles . Then , he melts some high grade cheeses together . After combining all the ingredients , he feels his stomach growl . He knows he 's outdone himself this time .
kicked out	PERSON was at a new bar . He was nervous and started drinking . He was there alone . Other people started feeling creeped out . PERSON was sternly asked to leave .	PERSON was accidentally shot by his teammate in the army . PERSON did not sustain much damage . He was angry so he beat the shooter up . Because of that , he was discharged from the army . He ends up being homeless .	PERSON was at the library . He was reading a really funny book . He could n't stop laughing . The librarian warned him several times . Eventually PERSON was asked to leave .	Tim always got into trouble . His parents were tired of his shenanigans . They were n't good parents to begin with . Eventually they could n't deal with him anymore . PERSON got kicked out .	PERSON was arguing with her boyfriend . Things escalated until he kicked her out of the house . She wandered around town not sure what to do . After what seemed like forever her boyfriend asked her to come back . The two talked and finally managed to make up .	PERSON had drinking problems . She got kicked out of her house . She tried to stay with her sister . Unfortunately she kept drinking . PERSON got kicked out of there too .	PERSON and PERSON went to the movies . During the movie a couple of kids were being loud and throwing popcorn . PERSON went and told the manager . The manager observed the kids inside the movie being loud . The manager then told the kids it was time to go home .	PERSON was at a house party . He started drinking . He kept drinking too much . Eventually he started making a scene . PERSON was asked to leave party .	PERSON was fifteen . It was his birthday and his family forgot . He acted up and got into a fight with his dad . He was kicked out and told never to return . He never did .
sick	PERSON felt really sick yesterday . She ask her mother if she could stay at home from school . Thankfully her mother agreed and told her to stay in bed for the day . PERSON took some medicine and slept for most of the day . Next day she felt so much better and could go back to school again .	PERSON was sick with the flu and called out of work . While she was home her cousin stopped by asking her to watch her dog . She agreed reluctantly and the dog was allowed in . Bored and sick , PERSON managed to teach it to bring the thermometer . She recovered quickly only to quit her job and become a dog trainer .	PERSON saw a homeless man on the sidewalk . And he decided to give the man money . The homeless man coughed and sneezed during the exchange . And PERSON felt sick after he got home . He felt regretful about approaching the homeless man .	PERSON felt weak after working out . She told her coach she was dizzy . As she was walking off the court , she fainted . PERSON was rushed to the ER . PERSON had an aneurysm .	Yesterday , I woke up and was feeling a little congested . Worried about getting sick , I decided to take an antihistamine . I found Claritin , which has worked well in the past . I was hoping I would start feeling better soon . When my condition did n't improve , I went to the walk-in clinic .	My friends wanted me to help them rob a currency exchange . Broke with no money I told them yes I would help them do it . I listened to their plans and immediately got nervous . The day of the robbery I got sick and away from the currency exchange . I changed my mind because I could not rob anything or anyone .	PERSON got really sick . He had to stay in bed for three days . He could not leave the house for another week after he got out of bed . PERSON really wanted to get out of the house . PERSON made sure he would wash his hands so he would not get sick again .	PERSON woke up with a fever and a cough . His mom kept him home sick from school . Then she made him toast and chamomile tea , and gave him medicine . She nursed him all day . By the next morning , PERSON felt completely better !	Sue wanted a baby , but her uterus was undersized and shaped strangely . Her doctors told her it was possible but unlikely . Still , PERSON wanted a child , so she and her husband decided to try . After many long months , she conceived a baby . She carried it to full term and delivered a perfect healthy boy !
running	I went running with my friend . We met up at my house . We ran to the park and back . When we got back to my house , we realized we had run two miles . We were so proud of ourselves .	PERSON went running outside every morning at 5 am . One morning in the winter it was very dark . He was not wearing his caution reflectors . A car came very close and shot a rock at his leg . It scared PERSON , now he only runs in the daytime .	PERSON was sick and tired of being sick and tired . He decided he wanted to become fit . He researched various fitness programs online . He found running to be the most interesting . He went running and enjoyed it .	Jeff hates to run for exercise . He decided to run around the lake near his house . PERSON loved the view but could n't run around the entire lake . He returned home only after 10 minutes . PERSON promised himself that he will someday run around the entire lake .	PERSON was a Cross Country runner . She liked to run long distances up to 10 miles . One day , PERSON 's car broke down . PERSON needed to get to work . PERSON decided to run to a friend 's house to borrow their extra car .	PERSON was running down the street . His friends were chasing him . Peter found a good spot to hide . He waited to see if they would see him . PERSON 's friends ran right past him !	PERSON hated to run , but she felt out of shape . A friend suggested she try a specialized running program . PERSON reluctantly agreed . The first week of running felt like torture . By the eighth week , PERSON could easily run a 5k .	PERSON decided that he wanted to start running . He started off by walking every other day . Before he got serious he order new running shoes . Soon he started using a heart rate monitor to improve his training . Within a couple of months PERSON ran a race with a bunch of friends .	PERSON usually runs on the treadmill . One morning she decided to go outside for her workout . As she was running down the street , she started to fall . The road was covered in ice ! PERSON decided it was best to stick to the treadmill from now on .
tryouts	PERSON wanted to make the basketball team . He practiced every day . He practiced especially hard on his jump shot . PERSON went to try-outs . He made the team !	My son got invited to go to basketball tryouts this Friday . I asked him if he wanted to play and he said he would . I emailed the coach and told him we would be there . Today after school we went out and practiced . I think he has a good shot of making the team !	PERSON saw the flyer at school for tryouts . She trained hard for weeks . At tryouts , she gave her best performance . The next day she raced to the bulletin board to check the list . Her name was at the top of the list , she made the team .	PERSON was a high school freshman who loved basketball . PERSON practiced all summer to get ready for tryouts for the team . PERSON was nervous , but he did his best on the first day of tryouts . The coach asked PERSON to stay behind so they could talk . The coach told PERSON he will be the team 's starting forward !	PERSON tried out for the basketball team at school . He did not make it this time . The coach told him to practice a little more . PERSON practiced all through the year . He tried out the following year and made it .	My rehab therapist gave me an elastic band . We did a few lower body exercises and some stretching . My leg ended up with a cramp . After practicing for the rest of the day , it got flexible . The next day , the professor had a hard time keeping up with my workout .	PERSON tried out for baseball . He hit all the pitches . He ran the bases as fast as he could . He was convinced he had a great tryout . He was excited when he made the team .	PERSON wanted to play for her school tennis team . She went to the tryouts . She thought she did poorly , and was despondent . But the next day , the captain gave her great news . PERSON had made the school tennis team !	PERSON loved gymnastics . She practiced a lot at it . She tried out for the team . The team loved her tryout . She was welcomed in .
shark attack	PERSON went to the beach to surf . But suddenly a shark came up near him . PERSON was afraid because he never encountered a shark before . PERSON wondered whether he should stay or move fast away from the shark . PERSON chose to stay and the shark went away .	Everyone was swimming inside of the ocean . Eventually , someone noticed a mini-shark in the water . As soon as he started to run away , everyone else did . They took their belongings and left . I decided to stay since I did n't go in the water .	PERSON loved to spend every summer at the beach with his grandparents . This summer was special in that he was able to take surfing lessons . On his first trip out on the water , his instructor spotted a shark . Quickly , they ran out of the water , but not before the shark attacked . It took a bite out of the surfboard , but noone was hurt .	PERSON and PERSON were hanging out on the beach . PERSON spotted a shark . He yelled , and everyone panicked . The authorities were alerted and started investigating . The shark turned out to be a dolphin .	PERSON went out surfing one day . A giant wave swept him off his surfboard . PERSON noticed a large shark in the distance speeding toward him . He swam as fast as he could and made it to the shore just in time . He ran home and the shark did n't get him .	Familyfix spends their summer vacation at the same beach every year . They love to relax at the beach and swim in the water . This time there was a shark attack . The beach got closed for the rest of the day . The family left to spend the last week at a different beach .	PERSON grabbed his surfboard and swam into the ocean . He saw a great looking wave and swam over to surf it . Just as he prepared to climb his board , he saw a giant shark . PERSON quickly climbed his board and tried to escape the shark . Then last minute , PERSON realized the shark was just a dolphin .	PERSON lived on a boat . One morning before his daily swim he did n't look around . When he jumped in his splash attracted attention . A shark swooped in and bit him . At the hospital , PERSON checked the want ads for a house on land .	I was on a boat with a friend . We were going on a fishing spree . He threw his weight in the water . After several minutes , a small shark came and dragged the fishing pole . I held on to my friend so he would n't fall in the water .
lemonade stand	PERSON bought cookies and lemonade . She set up a lemonade stand . She sold lots of lemonade and cookies . Later , she took down her stand and counted her money . She was happy to have made 5 dollars .	PERSON built her own lemonade stand . However , when she tried to sell it , no one would buy it . She asked her father what she was doing wrong . He told her that she was charging too much for a glass of lemonade . Now she lowered her price and is making a lot of money .	PERSON was looking for some extra spending money . She decided to open up a lemonade stand . To her delight the stand became quite popular . The neighbors wanted to get a taste . At the end of the day she made 100 dollars .	PERSON wanted to buy her mother a gift but she did n't have any money . She decided to sell lemonade to raise the money . She set up a lemonade stand by her school . PERSON made a lot of money selling lemonade to her friends . She was able to take her mother to see a movie .	PERSON wanted to earn extra money this summer . She decided to open up a lemonade stand . Unfortunately , she did not have the money to buy the supplies . PERSON 's dad brought all the supplies and surprised PERSON . PERSON was elated that she could finally get her lemonade stand started .	I saw the neighbor children were selling lemonade . They were selling a cup for two dollars . Even though the kids were bratty , I bought a cup . My lemonade was sour and hot . I wasted two dollars on bad lemonade .	PERSON and his sister opened a lemonade stand . They thought their lemonade was the best ever . People seemed to agree ! Within an hour , they sold out of what they 'd made . They were $ 5 richer than when they got up that morning !	PERSON and his brother PERSON wanted to make some extra money . They opened a lemonade stand in front of their house . Soon other kids in the neighborhood noticed and came to help . At the end of the day , the other kids demanded a share of the profit . PERSON and PERSON were upset because they did n't want to share .	PERSON tapped his fingers on his lemonade stand . Business was slow . Every car seemed to be passing by . Finally , a bicyclist pulled up . She bought a cup and left a one dollar tip .
flu	PERSON got the flu . He laid in bed for a week . His wife started getting tired of taking care of him . She made his life more difficult . PERSON decided he was well enough to go to work .	PERSON had a bad flu . She went to see the doctor . He told her she had pneumonia ! He gave PERSON some medicine . Soon she was feeling much better .	PERSON started to feel sick at work . Her throat was sore and she was running a fever . When she got home she was not feeling any better . She finally went to the doctor . The doctor diagnosed her with the flu .	PERSON started running fever . She also had body aches . She finally went to the doctor . The doctor did a flu test . PERSON had the flu .	PERSON was n't feeling well . He went to school anyway . PERSON had the flu . He ended up spreading it to his classmates . Half of his classmates missed school over the next week .	PERSON had a family of seven children . Sickness was always particularly bad in their household as a result . When she heard the flu was going around school , she was quite worried . She cleaned and spent her paycheck buying medicine in preparation . After all that work , not one of her children even developed a sniffle .	PERSON was sick with the flu . She felt absolutely terrible . As a result she had to call in sick . PERSON made sure to rest and drink fluids . Thankfully the next day she felt better .	I was feeling down . I went to the doctor . He said I had the flu . He gave me some medicine . I overcame the flu within the week .	I was feeling bad . So , I went to the doctor . He said I had the flu . He told me to take some medicine . The medicine made me feel better .
new friends	Saturday night I went to a bar with my friends . The bar was very crowded . I went to the counter to order a drink . Before I could pay for my drink , a stranger bought it for me . I thanked the stranger for the drink and went back to my friends .	PERSON PERSON PERSON were new friends . PERSON came over PERSON 's house one day after school . The girls went for a walk near the creek . PERSON told PERSON to stay on the path , but she did n't listen . PERSON slipped in the mud and ruined her white shoes .	PERSON started to work at the clothing store . She was not sure she would like it . Thankfully she got the hang of it . PERSON made some new friends . It made things easier for her .	PERSON was nervous to start school because she knew no one . Everyone else had already made friends . As PERSON walked into the building she saw some nice girls . They came over and said hello . PERSON then became friends with them .	PERSON moved to a new neighborhood . She had to go to a new school . She was afraid she would n't make friends . Luckily she did . She kept them for a long time .	PERSON had just started at a new school . She did n't know any kids in her class . For lunch a group of girls asked if she wanted to sit with them . PERSON sat with the girls . She and the girls became friends .	PERSON moved to a new city . He struggled to make new friends . He put up an ad online . There were a few responses . None of them really panned out .	PERSON was new at her school . She had a cousin that attended her new school . PERSON had lunch with her cousin . PERSON 's cousin introduced her to new people . PERSON made new friends quickly .	PERSON wanted to make new friends . He knew he would need to start conversations with new people . He asked a new girl about her favorite food . She talked about her numerous allergies . They then became quick friends .
the table	PERSON got a new house . His house felt cozy . There was one problem . PERSON always ate on the couch . PERSON bought a brand new table and was very happy .	PERSON needed a new dining table . He decided to make it instead of buying it . He hired a lumberjack to cut down an elm tree . Then he fashioned the tree into planks and nailed together a table . His table was so amazing that his friends wanted to buy it !	One day , PERSON was coloring at the table . He accidently colored off the page and on the table . PERSON was very sad because it was his mother 's favorite table . PERSON 's mother was not angry . She used a cloth to wipe the crayon away .	The family wanted some new furniture . They wanted a table for their kitchen most of all . They found a beautiful table in a local store . They bought it and brought it home . It was a great addition to their home !	PERSON had a crooked table . One day he put a heavy load on it and it fell apart . He decided to build his own . He cut down a tree and built a table from it . The new table was much stronger and could hold any heavy load .	There were many tables at the town 's flea market . PERSON walked around the grounds for an hours before she found PERSON . PERSON was selling rare glass animals at his table . PERSON loved the way that the light shown through the animals . She bought a panda and a tiger from PERSON .	PERSON 's parents were out of town . She decided to throw a party . Many people showed up and they played drinking games on the table . The table got broken . PERSON was grounded for 6 months .	My aunt has a table that wobbles . She has placed it in different places . She has put small items under some of the legs . It continues to wobble . The only thing she refuses to do is replace it .	PERSON and PERSON got a new apartment . PERSON invited her mother to come see their apartment . PERSON 's mother noticed that they did n't have a dining table . The next time she visited , she brought a table . PERSON and PERSON were thankful for the gift from her mother .
smoker	PERSON vowed to quit smoking cigarettes . He started chewing nicotine gum and wearing patches . He stuck to his plan for over a week . But then his cravings became too strong to resist . PERSON sadly went back to smoking cigarettes .	PERSON had smoked since she was a teen . Then one day her little daughter PERSON approached her . PERSON begged her mommy to quit smoking . PERSON was so touched by PERSON 's plea . She vowed to start chewing nicotine gum that very same day .	PERSON had smoked cigarettes for years . He tried to quit but failed . He could n't even stop when his wife begged him . Then his baby daughter PERSON was born . From that day on , PERSON never touched another cigarette !	PERSON is a smoker . She smokes a pack of cigarettes a day . PERSON has started to feel sick . The doctor told her smoking will give her health problems . She decided to never smoke again .	My daughter 's college friend PERSON smoked a lot . PERSON 's sister PERSON got married shortly after graduation . A year later PERSON had a baby . PERSON told PERSON she could not see the baby if she smoked . PERSON gave up smoking .	I used to smoke a pack of cigarettes a day . I had tried many times to quit smoking . Finally , I was able to quit smoking by switching to e-cigarettes . Then I read that e-cigarettes are harmful to my health , too . Now I am trying to quit using e-cigarettes .	My son was seventeen years old . One day , I smelled something in his room . I opened the door and found him smoking . I scolded him and educated him on smoking . My son learned his lesson and never smoked again .	PERSON wanted to quit smoking - he smoked a whole pack a day ! He decided to cut down slowly , one cigarette per day . He tapered down very , very gradually to minimize withdrawal . Soon he was almost nicotine-free , and he was so proud . He kept with his program until he was a non-smoker !	A man sat in the corner of a dark room . He slowed pulled on a cigarette watching everyone . Suddenly he stood up , yelled , and pointed . Three men grabbed another who had just walked in . The man went back to smoking his cigarette .
giving up	PERSON was playing football with his friends . They were losing badly . PERSON decided they should just give up . As tim 's team left , PERSON saw his little brother watching . PERSON decided to stay and play to set a better example .	PERSON was invited to go to a Movie with a group of kids . She was invited by her crush PERSON . She thought PERSON liked her and wanted her there . When she arrived he was there with another girl . PERSON finally realized her and PERSON were not meant to be .	PERSON finished her research paper . She sent it to her teacher and deleted the document after . A few minutes later , she got a reply from her teacher . He told her to re edit the document . Since she deleted it , she accepted an F for the grade .	I did n't want to give up on the relationship . I did n't know what to do when she was so angry . She never called me anymore . So I told her we should end the friendship . She hung up , unperturbed .	I had a stroke in 2011 . I survived with hemiparesis . We visited friends in December of 2012 . My friend encouraged me to keep exercising to overcome hemiparesis . I told him I had given up , saddening my daughter .	PERSON wanted to be have the highest grade in class . He was poor and had a bad home life . Another student was rich and had tutors to help . PERSON tried to study as much as possible but it was n't enough . It was one of many times he had to give up his pursuits .	I wanted to give up on work this morning . Nothing seemed to be happening . I kept accepting work , but having to return it . I went and laid down on the bed for a minute . That 's when all the work started showing up at once .	PERSON was on a long hike . She had promised herself ice cream if she finished the hike . She tried pushing herself as far as possible . Still she soon felt worn out and wanted to give up . Considering the length left , she decided to bail and go home .	PERSON bought a space heater from a store . But is smelled of chemical fumes . She thought the would go away . But two weeks later there were fumes every time she used it . PERSON decided she could no longer use the space heater .
the diet	PERSON wanted to lose twenty pounds . She went on a new diet . She lost ten pounds in the first week . PERSON decided to stick with it . She lost the next ten pounds in a month .	PERSON had decided to go on a diet . She cleared out all her sweets and filled the fridge with fruit . She kept a box of chocolates under her bed to nibble on at night . After a week , she came to the conclusion that diets were n't for her . Now PERSON goes out and does n't worry about what she orders .	PERSON was trying to lose weight . She went on a strict diet . PERSON lost ten pounds in the first month . She was inspired to do even better . She continued to diet for five more months .	PERSON was trying to lose weight . She went on a new diet . It was very strict about what she could eat . It allowed her to eat all the potatoes she could stand , however . PERSON gained twenty pounds in a month .	PERSON realized he was overweight and decided to go on a diet . He bought some sugar-free cream that was 10 calories a serving . Every day he would pour this cream into his coffee . After a month he found out that he gained 10 pounds . The label said it was 100 calories , not 10 , thanks to a smudge on it .	LOCATION wanted to lose twenty pounds . He went on a strict diet . He did n't allow himself to eat any junk food . He kept working at it and soon had lost thirty pounds ! LOCATION was so proud to have passed his goal .	Today was the first day of PERSON 's diet . He went almost all day without eating . He only ate something small in the morning . He was quite hungry but sort of enjoyed the feeling . He was usually so full that being hungry was a new feeling for him .	Jasmine felt really bad and disappointed in herself . Her wedding was six months away and she could n't fit in her dress . Jasmine decided to bunker down and committed to lose the weight . She ate right and went to the gym everyday for weeks on end . When her wedding day came , no one could believe how great she looked .	PERSON went to the bathroom to weigh himself . The scale said he was 20 pounds overweight . That moment PERSON told himself he will commit to a diet . He stopped eating junk food and began to exercise . The next time he weighed in he had lost 5 pounds .
the letter	The mailman brought a letter to the homeowner . It said they had won a million dollars ! The homeowner was skeptical . He called the number on the letter . It was , sadly , a scam .	PERSON was waiting for his college acceptance letter . He has been waiting for weeks anxiously . He finally got the letter in the mail regarding his acceptance . PERSON tore the letter open without hesitation . He got accepted to the college of his choice .	PERSON and Chanel are best friends . One day PERSON found out that she was extremely sick . Trying to hide illness , she was rushed to the hospital . PERSON begged her family not to tell Chanel . PERSON passed away the next day leaving a letter for Chanel .	Hugo got a letter in the mail today . It said that something big would happen in two weeks . Huge marked his calendar and waited . On the day of he went outside and looked around . At the edge of his yard , he saw mean looking man with a gun .	Before my friend PERSON died he wrote a letter . He told me he was sending it the next day . I believe he died before he sent it . I searched his apartment up and down to find it . When I did I found out it was addressed to me saying he loved me .	PERSON went to the mailbox and discovered a letter waiting for her . It was from a secret admirer . She opened it and read every word . She was kind of flattered but also creeped out . She never learned who it was , and she thought maybe that was best .	PERSON decided to send a letter to his friend PERSON . First he wrote the letter . Then he put the letter in the envelope . He wrote the address on the envelope . Then he drove down to the post office to mail it .	PERSON wrote a letter to his wife telling her how much he loved her . He went to fight the war never to return . Many years later , his wife found the letter . She read it with tears in her eyes . PERSON had found a way back to her through time using words .	PERSON kept his letter on her nightstand beside her bed . She read it first thing every morning . She would wake up early , read it -- then read it again . She would then lay back down and think about everything he wrote . She missed him but she knew he 'd be back someday .
nails	PERSON PERSON was having a bad day . His shipment from the gravel factory had n't arrived . He called up the gravel supervisor and asked him where it was . The supervisor was evasive , and started yelling at PERSON . PERSON yelled back , and lost his job .	One night I came home and heard strange noises in my apartment . When I opened the door my roommate was nailing the window shut ! She told me there was a break in at the apartment above us . The assailant fled down the fire escape outside my window ! Our apartment was fine and I moved 2 days later .	I kept trying to get my nails to grow out . As soon as they got past the tip of my fingers , they got brittle . They began to peel in layers . I was annoyed because they were also breaking . I gave up and decided to keep them short .	PERSON had a girlfriend he loved very much . He cut her with his nails one day . She asked him to cut them . He cut his nails . His girlfriend was happy that he cut his nails .	PERSON was a young man . PERSON did not enjoy trimming his nails . PERSON would refuse to trim them . PERSON had a girlfriend , he accidentally scratched her one day . She made him trim his nails , he obliged .	PERSON noticed that his nails had grown long . He cut them as short as possible . And they no longer bothered him . But at dinner , he was n't able to a jar of food . PERSON wished he never cut his nails .	PERSON wanted to get her nails done . She decided to research nail shops online . She found many near her . She then read all the reviews . She got her nails done at the place with great reviews .	Tee wanted to paint her nails . She borrowed some polish from her mom . Then she applied it carefully . When it dried , she slicked on another coat . Her nails came out beautifully !	PERSON had always wanted long strong fingernails . But hers had always been brittle and naturally short . Then her friend suggested she try strengthening nail polish . PERSON began painting her nails with the special polish . In just a few weeks , her thick nails were nearly an inch long !
new phone	PERSON got a new phone . But when she brought it to school , she left it in her backpack . When she got home , she could n't find her phone . PERSON 's parents got her a new phone . And PERSON always kept the phone in her pocket .	PERSON was so excited about his new phone . When it came in he added all his favorite apps . He bought a new case . Then as he was out one day , he dropped it face down . PERSON shattered his phone within hours of getting it .	PERSON was so excited about finally getting a new phone . Hers had been broken for weeks . When she finally saved up enough money she ordered one . It came to her house and she opened the box . To Sue 's surprise , the new phone was shattered .	PERSON needed a new phone . He finally found the one he wanted . He ordered it online . When the phone came in , it was broken . PERSON was extremely disappointed .	PERSON 's phone got dropped in the toilet and died . So now it was time for her to get a new phone . She went to the store and checked out different models of phones . It was really hard for her to choose . Finally , she settled on the new iPhone and purchased it .	I visited the Verizon store today with my wife . We looked at the new Iphone 7 's and decided they might be a good fit . The salesman gave us a pretty good pitch . We pre-ordered 2 phones and they will be here next week . I 'm excited to get them and start playing with the new features .	PERSON got a new cell phone for her birthday . She spent hours playing with all of its new features . And she installed several apps . Everyday , she spent hours texting her friends . And her parents regret her buying a new phone .	PERSON ordered a new phone online . He was pumped about getting the latest technology . He tracked the delivery and waited at home for the arrival . When the phone was delivered , he could not wait to rip into the box . However , when he opened the box the screen of the phone was shattered .	I went to the phone store to purchase a phone . The representative gave me several recommendations . I asked for more information about the new iPhone . After he explained it to me , I took the phone to checkout . I ended up paying $ 200 dollars for the phone plus a case .
bird	PERSON was scared to sleep alone in her room . At night she would hear a strange scary tapping on her window . She feared it was a ghost or a monster ! But finally she summoned enough courage to investigate . And to her shock , she saw it was just a bird nesting on her ledge !	Karen was walking on the sidewalk when something caught her eye . There was a dead bird lying on the ground . She felt sorry for it and went home to get some gloves . She carefully scooped it up and took it to her backyard . The bird received a proper burial and a small grave .	PERSON was sitting on a bench at the park . A bird came by . It was wandering around . PERSON decided to throw a piece of her sandwich on the ground . The bird ate it .	PERSON found a hurt bird . He put it in a shoe box . He fed the bird . The bird survived . PERSON kept it in a cage in his room .	A black crow bird flew in our house yesterday . The crow bird spread its wings and scared everyone . We threw a net over the bird 's head . The bird screamed and yelled bloody murder . We took the bird outside to fly but it died .	If PERSON got good grades her parents would get her a bird . So PERSON did all the homework assignments right . She also studied for all the test . Finally PERSON received her grades and she showed them to her parents . Her parents got her a nice bird .	PERSON was playing with his BB gun . He liked to shoot cans and bottles . One day his BB gun misfired and hit a bird . PERSON felt extremely guilty . He brought the bird home and nursed it back to health .	One day , PERSON found a bird on the street . PERSON felt very bad for the bird . He took the hospital to the doctors to make it healthy . After that , he fed the bird a lot of food . Now the bird is PERSON 's pet .	The presidential candidate was giving a speech at the podium . Suddenly , the crowd started pointing and laughing . Confused , the candidate looked around for the source of the laughter . He noticed that the crowd was pointing to a bird hopping on the stage . The bird flew up to the podium , causing the crowd to cheer .
lobster	PERSON 's fiance took her out for a lobster dinner . She had never had any seafood at all . She was nervous about whether she 'd like it . But after her first bite , her nerves dissolved . PERSON loved the lobster - it was delicious !	PERSON wanted to become a vegetarian . She did n't really eat much meat anyway . But she loved certain meat , and did n't want to give it up . That night her mother made lobster tails . PERSON decided to postpone her vegetarian dreams until after the lobster .	PERSON had lived in LOCATION for his whole life . But the one thing he wanted to do was catch a live lobster . He talked to some guys at the local fish market . One guy said he would take him out the next weekend . They went out and used traps and caught a lobster !	PERSON went to a fancy dinner . The menu was lobster , which she hated . She resolved to keep her mouth shut about it . She filled up on appetizers instead . And at dessert , PERSON had two helpings of pie !	PERSON was only eight years old . He 'd never gone to a seafood restaurant before . He noticed the live lobsters when he first walked into the restaurant . He thought it was really cool that they had an aquarium there . However , he was n't happy to see they cooked the lobsters .	The man ordered lobster . The woman looked shocked . The man asked why . The woman thought it was too expensive . The man assured her that it was not too expensive .	I decided to order lobster at a fancy restaurant . However , it was too hard to eat . I needed to smash it open with a mallet . Then I had to dig for the good lobster meat . So I had it switched out for a cheese burger .	I was at a fancy restaurant . I ordered the lobster . Unfortunately , the bill was 60 dollars . I could n't pay the bill . After ten hours of washing dishes , I was able to leave .	Ivy 's dad took her out for seafood . Ivy had never tried it before . She was nervous , but she order lobster . She took a cautious bite , then smiled broadly . The lobster was actually delicious !
LOCATION LOCATION trip	One day PERSON took a trip to LOCATION LOCATION . First he went to the French Quarter . Then he went to LOCATION LOCATION . Finally he went to LOCATION LOCATION . He had a great time .	The family decided they would travel to LOCATION LOCATION . It was their dream to see monkeys and sloths ! They planned the trip and were so excited . They spent a week exploring and watching nature . They took great photos and made great memories !	I went to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . It was a great trip to learn my pageant routine . I got to stay on LOCATION and meet with a choreographer . I tap danced and practiced . I then flew back home .	One day Katrina went to LOCATION LOCATION . First she went to PERSON PERSON PERSON . Then she went to WaterFire . Finally she visited LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . She had a great time .	PERSON wanted to go on a trip to LOCATION LOCATION . It as a trip to celebrate her pregnancy . Her sisters came along with her . The girls had a lot of fun . They had memories to last a lifetime .	One day Katrina went to LOCATION LOCATION . First she went to Mission Santa Barbara . Then she went to PERSON PERSON . Finally she went to the LOCATION LOCATION . She had a great time .	One day PERSON took a day trip to LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . First he went to the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . Then he went to the 9/11 memorial . Finally he went to the Statue of Liberty . He had a great time .	One day PERSON went to LOCATION LOCATION . First she went to LOCATION LOCATION . Then she went to SeaWorld . Finally she went to the USS Midway Museum . She had a great time .	One day PERSON went to LOCATION LOCATION . First she drove across the LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION . Then she went to Fisherman 's Wharf . Finally she went to LOCATION LOCATION . She had a great time .
PERSON gets a dog	People at school find PERSON weird . Due to his weirdness he has no friends . PERSON is very sad because he has no friends . One day , PERSON goes home and finds his mom bought a dog . PERSON and the dog become best friends !	PERSON had always wanted a pet . He decides to get a dog . PERSON takes her dog on a walk every day . His dog is the perfect pet . PERSON is happy he got a pet .	PERSON was a boy . PERSON needed a friend . PERSON 's parents got him a dog . He loved that pet like his friend . PERSON did n't need any friends his dog was his best friend .	PERSON decides he wants to have a dog . He goes to a dog pound to find a puppy . PERSON adopts a young black puppy . He is very excited to bring the puppy home . PERSON is glad he got a dog .	PERSON was a sad boy . He never had any real friends . One day sitting in the park all alone . A dog shows up and lays beside Benji . PERSON takes his new dog home .	PERSON loved dogs , and always played with his friends ' dogs . Eventually PERSON wanted a dog of his own . PERSON went to a pet adoption center and began browsing . He spotted the cutest dalmatian he had ever seen , and adopted it . PERSON and his dog are now best friends , and they play every day .	PERSON is out doing some shopping one day . She decided to stop by a clothing store in the mall . As she leaves the store she sees a dog in the window of a pet shop . She decides to go inside and look around . She falls in love with the dog and takes him home .	PERSON wanted to get a dog . He went to a pound to find a puppy . PERSON picked out a small puppy . He brought the puppy home and gave him some water to drink . PERSON was happy to have a dog .	PERSON always wanted his own dog . One day he decided to go to the pet store to get a dog . PERSON picked out a beagle . At first the beagle was shy and nervous . Eventually PERSON and his dog became very close .
fire	PERSON loved to go camping and watch nature shows . PERSON planned a camping trip with his buddies . That night at camp , PERSON planned to start a fire using two sticks . PERSON tried for over an hour with no luck . Frustrated , PERSON used a lighter to start the fire .	PERSON invited his friends over to his house in the country . Together they combed the forest , gathering wood . Then they massed all their sticks into a big pile . PERSON lit in on fire . They all sat around their big bonfire , chatting happily .	PERSON lit a fire . He kept adding dried kindling . The fire roared bigger . PERSON got into his cot of pine needles . The warmth from the fire caused him to sleep soundly .	PERSON lit a cigarette before bed one night . He fell asleep before he finished smoking it . When he woke , he saw that it had fallen onto the rug . There , it had burned a deep hole . PERSON knew he was lucky he had n't caused a house fire .	The chefs were frying rice in front of the persons . They used the front grill and two spoons to flip the rice . However , the grill sparked and flames landed on the ground . The ground also started to catch on fire . Everyone evacuated the place before it burned .	PERSON began cooking fried chicken on the stove . As the chicken sizzled , he remembered he forgot something in the car . PERSON left the kitchen to get the sauce he left in the car . While he was outside the oil spilled over and started a fire . PERSON called 911 and the fire department came to put out the fire .	PERSON 's house caught on fire . The cops came and got the fire department . They came by and hosed the house down . His house ended up being fine PERSON was relieved	A man lit a candle in his apartment . The candle fell on the floor . The apartment began to go on fire . The people ran out to escape it . The whole building was consumed .	PERSON was trying to start a campfire . She wanted to impress her kids . But she could not get the fire going ! In the end , she had to resort to charcoal and lighter fluid . But PERSON 's kids were still impressed !
speed chess	Tonight I played six chess games online . I played my friend PERSON . I won two games , lost one , and tied two . My ranking went up to 1450 while PERSON 's went down to 1425 . Tomorrow may bring another story .	I play speed chess with my friend PERSON every night . Last night we played eight games . Each player has only five minutes to make all his moves . PERSON won the first six games and was boasting . However , he lost the last two games and was dejected .	I played speed chess with my friend PERSON today . I lost the first game . I was losing in the second game . I managed to get a draw by capturing all of his pawns . It was a good game .	I like playing speed chess . Each player has three minutes . If a player is not checkmated the one who runs out of time loses . I sometimes beat better players on time . I enjoy this aspect of speed chess .	I play 3 minute speed chess online . I am a 1200 to 1300 player . I was playing an 1100 player . My opponent kept winning . I reported him for using a computer and he was banned .	Today I played speed chess with my friend PERSON . He said he was drunk . I beat him in both games . Then he said he was hungry and signed off . I was very pleased .	Last Tuesday , I played speed chess online with my friend PERSON . The day before , PERSON had beaten me five games to one . I was anxious to do better , and had practiced . I won three games and lost one . I felt much happier with my performance .	I played speed chess with my friend PERSON today . I had not expected to play as it was Easter . I was losing the first game but won . PERSON quit after losing three more games . We are playing again on Wednesday night .	Tonight I played three games of speed chess online with my friend PERSON . I was winning the first game but lost my Queen . I won the second game on time . I won the third game on material . I was very happy tonight .
the hat	I saw a nice hat at the store this morning . The hat was grey with a big bill . I bought the hat and decided to wear it all day . Many people told me that they liked my hat . I decided to buy another hat so I could have a spare .	PERSON found this awesome hat on the street . At first she did not know what it was . It had all these bright colors . It looked like a rainbow . It was a cool hat .	I wore an elf hat to work one day . My co-worker laughed and said I looked like and elf . I told him that I was going for the elf look . The co-worker asked where I got the hat from . I refused to tell him because I wanted to be the only elf .	PERSON was going hiking . She brought a hat to keep the sun off her face . As she started walking , the hat blew off her head . She chased it down the path . She did n't want to lose that hat !	PERSON decided to wear a hat today . He took out a ball cap and donned it upon his head . His neighbor made a comment when he walked outside . PERSON tipped his hat and kept going . The neighbor laughed at such a gesture and bowed to PERSON .	PERSON decided she wanted a hat . She went shopping for one . The hat she wanted was too expensive . PERSON decided to save up until she had enough . When she had enough , the hat she wanted was gone .	The weather was getting colder . The boy looked in his closet for a warm hat . He finally found one and pulled it on . The hat was furry and warm . The boy was happy to have a hat on when it started snowing .	My friend has a hat . The wind blew his hat away . My friend chased his hat . I chased his hat with him . We caught my friends hat .	PERSON went to Target to buy a new hat . She wanted one like one she saw in a music video . She looked , and looked but they did n't have any like it . She did n't want to buy any other kind of hat . So she left the store with nothing and went home .
pants	PERSON was headed to a party later on . But PERSON needed some new pants . So PERSON drove to the store to get new pants . PERSON found some good pants and bought them . PERSON got ready with his new pants to party .	I was wearing a long pair of pants . It was very hot outside . I started to sweat a lot . I went inside the house . I changed into some shorts .	PERSON bought a new pair of pants . He tried them on later that day . Surprisingly , they did not fit him properly . He went back to the store to return them later on . He made sure in the future to try clothes on before he bought them .	The man 's pants had a hole . So he went to the store . He found some new pants . Outside the store , he slipped on some ice . He tore a hole in his new pants .	PERSON 's favorite pants had a rip in them . His mother wanted him to throw them out , but PERSON refused . Instead , he taught himself to sew so he could fix them . Now the pants are repaired and PERSON wears them often . It was worth learning a new skill for his very favorite pants .	A man bent over . His pants ripped . He was embarrassed . He decided to buy a new pair . He bought a new pair .	The man shopped for pants . He could n't find any that fit . He found a big and tall store . He found some pants that fit . He bought some pants there .	The man put on some pants . They were too tight at the waist . He checked the size of the waist . He picked out one size bigger from the rack . Those pants fit better .	PERSON was at work one day and leaned over to pick up a pen . When she leaned over , her pants ripped slightly . She was so embarrassed and went to the restroom . PERSON vowed to go on a diet to lose weight . She ended up losing 20 pounds and felt great .
stood up	PERSON stood outside a restaurant . He was waiting for a friend who was supposed to meet him for lunch . PERSON 's friend was more than fifteen minutes late . PERSON was hungry and tired of waiting . PERSON went inside the restaurant to order lunch alone .	PERSON was going to help her cousin at his small business . He needed her to sew some things for a project . But he never arrived to pick her up . PERSON was upset to be stood up . But at least she did n't have to spend her day sewing .	PERSON asked his crush on a date . She reluctantly agreed . PERSON set up what he thought was a perfect date . She never showed up for it . PERSON stopped talking to her after .	PERSON was set up on a blind date . He waited at the restaurant for her to arrive . She was late . After a while PERSON called her to see where she was . She never answered or showed up .	PERSON had been invited to the football game by a boy . She waited for him outside the stadium like they had planned . Soon too much time passed and he never arrived . She was humiliated assuming that he had stood her up . Luckily the next day he apologized and explained an emergency .	PERSON had been set up on a blind date by her friends . She went to the bar at the appointed hour . But after twenty minutes , her date still had not arrived . Soon PERSON was forced to confront the truth . Her blind date had stood her up !	PERSON asked PERSON out in a date . PERSON said yes . PERSON got to the restaurant on time and waited . An hour past and PERSON still did not come . PERSON was stood up .	PERSON was supposed to go on a date with PERSON . He looked at his watch . She was an hour late . He figured she would never come . He ended up being right and he never saw her again .	PERSON recently met a woman on Tinder . After several conversations , PERSON and the woman agreed to a date . PERSON decided that the picnic in the park would be a good idea . PERSON waited for over two hours for his date to arrive . After four hours of waiting , PERSON realized he was stood up .
